






keep kids alive drive 25® | eliminating tragic injuries and fatalities caused by a speeding vehicle
































































keep kids alive drive 25®



home


events



about
mission
partners
campaigns
board members
testimonials
podcast



make a difference
start a campaign
donate
become a monthly member
free campaign kit
campaigns for students
tips for parents
safe routes to school
loved ones we remember
faces of loved ones
live forward!®
support pikes peak live forward! weekend
america's trash talks
may 1st: awareness day
#saferoadsforrogi
flashing your brights



store
all products
yard signs
street signs
decals
cellslips
special orders


blog


contact















home/
events/
about/missionpartnerscampaignsboard memberstestimonialspodcast
make a difference/start a campaigndonatebecome a monthly memberfree campaign kitcampaigns for studentstips for parentssafe routes to schoolloved ones we rememberfaces of loved oneslive forward!®support pikes peak live forward! weekendamerica's trash talksmay 1st: awareness day#saferoadsforrogiflashing your brights
store/all productsyard signsstreet signsdecalscellslipsspecial orders
blog/
contact/





























home
    











home/
events/
about/missionpartnerscampaignsboard memberstestimonialspodcast
make a difference/start a campaigndonatebecome a monthly memberfree campaign kitcampaigns for studentstips for parentssafe routes to schoolloved ones we rememberfaces of loved oneslive forward!®support pikes peak live forward! weekendamerica's trash talksmay 1st: awareness day#saferoadsforrogiflashing your brights
store/all productsyard signsstreet signsdecalscellslipsspecial orders
blog/
contact/







































live forward!® weekend | pikes peak, coseptember 18-21, 2025 - colorado springs, coyour donation helps cover travel and lodging costs for families to experience our live forward!® weekend in colorado. in addition, each family receives specially tailored “live forward!®” shirts honoring their loved one(s). a special celebration of love dinner concludes the weekend. 




    donate now
  



the latest from kkad25®check out our “keep kids alive” podcast” - inspiring stories inviting us all to “practice the better” to keep ourselves and others safe on and along roadways.we're all about bringing good into the world by creating living legacies in memory of each loved-one who died in a traffic incident. please check in regularly about kkad25’s upcoming events!













25 years of keeping kids alive
keep kids alive drive 25® turned 25 in 2023. 

















#saferoadsforrogi the #saferoadsforrogi campaign featured weekly memes of rogi the corgi sharing traffic safety messages.















our mission the mission of keep kids alive drive 25® is to make streets safer for all who walk, cycle, play, drive, and ride. doing so preserves lives and relationships.learn more →



start a campaign















on an average day in america over 100 loved ones die in traffic incidents. today is your opportunity to make a difference by helping to prevent these deaths.engage your community and help save lives by starting a keep kids alive drive 25® campaign in your own neighborhood. we provide all the information you need to begin, and we're always glad to share ideas and offer assistance as your campaign develops. learn more →







featured news and media check out our youtube channel 






featured

























certified transmission car museum - october 17th, 2024 event






experience a once in a lifetime two hour tour of over 130 classic american muscle cars with collector peter fink, owner of certified transmission. the event supports the 26+ year mission of keep kids alive drive 25. 


























avalon village partners with kkad25






the avalon village is the prototype for distressed and neglected communities that aim to become eco-friendly, resilient, and self-sufficient, thus transforming that community from “blight to beauty.”™


























watch: pikes peak live forward! 2021 memorial video






take a moment to watch the pikes peak ascent 2021 memorial slideshow featuring "love is here to stay".













other kkad25 initiativeskeep kids alive drive 25® pursues its mission to keep streets safe through a number of other initiatives as well. 













live forward!®america's trash talks to keep kids alive stop! take 3 to see® be aware! drive with care®   seat belts: fastenating!®it's not a race! create space®no need to speed® / check your speed®







 




home/
events/
about/missionpartnerscampaignsboard memberstestimonialspodcast
make a difference/start a campaigndonatebecome a monthly memberfree campaign kitcampaigns for studentstips for parentssafe routes to schoolloved ones we rememberfaces of loved oneslive forward!®support pikes peak live forward! weekendamerica's trash talksmay 1st: awareness day#saferoadsforrogiflashing your brights
store/all productsyard signsstreet signsdecalscellslipsspecial orders
blog/
contact/



keep kids alive drive 25®



listen to our podcast















apple podcastsstitcherspotifysoundcloudgoogle podcasts








latest news















join us for our annual fundraiserthursday, october 17, 20246 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.certified transmission car museumhelp us celebrate with a classic car extravaganza!  tickets >>






upcoming events

























live forward! 5k 2024






sign up for the annual live forward! 5k walk & run at kkad25.org the event is june 15th at skutt catholic high school.


























certified transmission car museum - october 17th, 2024 event






experience a once in a lifetime two hour tour of over 130 classic american muscle cars with collector peter fink, owner of certified transmission. the event supports the 26+ year mission of keep kids alive drive 25. 


























run to remember: pikes peak, co | sept. 19-22, 2024






september 19-22, 2024 will mark our 17th annual live forward!® run to remember as part of the official trail run up pikes peak in colorado.


























26 years of keeping kids alive






as keep kids alive drive 25 turns 26, take a look back at a few of the landmark campaigns initiated in our early years. learn how you can get started or expand initiatives in your community.


























#saferoadsforrogi






meet our spokes-doggie, rogi! he’s the star of our newest #kkad25 campaign, #saferoadsforrogi.




























      
        subscribe
      
    


subscribe to the keep kids alive drive 25® newsletter





              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              address
              
            



address 1





address 2





city





state/province





zip/postal code





country





              email address
              
                *





              phone
              
            



(###)





###





####





              questions and comments
              
            






thanks! you'll be hearing from us soon.






blog archive →write review →






















































 














keep kids alive drive 25®402.334.1391  |  12418 c street, omaha, ne 68144all related logos and slogans are registered trademarks of keep kids alive drive 25®website and graphics by käj jorgensen





 



