




 


north carolina presenters consortium - home



 







log in



keep up with ncpc! subscribe now!               
 




home




membership



join now







about us



our story




board & staff




meet our presenters




contact us




our state magazine partnership




internship opportunities in the arts







artsmarket 2025



am25 apply to showcase home



am25-shap profile




am25-shap overview




am25-shap criteria




am25-shap eligibility




am25-shap provisions




am25-shap terms conditions access




am25-shap resources




am25-shap apply now







artsmarket: history & philosophy







events




support ncpc



2025-2026 sponsorship preview




sponsorship




volunteer




ncpc benefactors




ncpc internship opportunities







job portal



ncpc ed search























































 
ncpc member venues

 
ncpc is looking for our next executive director!after nearly three years of dedicated leadership, our executive director, cathy gouge, is retiring. her impact on ncpc and the arts community has been immense, and we are deeply grateful for her vision and passion.
ncpc is now searching for a new executive director to continue our mission of supporting artists, fostering collaboration, and strengthening the arts community. please see click here to learn more about this position and for information on how to apply. 
 


big artsmarket 2025 news!
artist applications to showcase at artsmarket 2025 are open now!! learn more and apply now!
 
welcome to ncpc!
the north carolina presenters consortium (ncpc) is a non-profit membership association of professional performing arts presenting organizations and industry professionals from nc and the southeast region. ncpc advances the performing arts by bringing artists and audiences together through collaboration and shared resources. 
 
ncpc is your year-round resource!
ncpc proudly serves as a year-round resource for presenters, agents, artists, vendors, and service providers! as one of the largest and most active state consortia, we offer access to a vibrant arts scene across the state and a supportive network of colleagues who collectively bring decades of experience in the industry.
ncpc members enjoy access to
 our moderated online members only listservquarterly virtual affinity groups four annual in-person events showcase opportunitiesblock booking opportunities pitch opportunitiesprofessional development sessionspartnership opportunities learn more and join ncpc today!
 







upcoming meetings


no upcoming events



ncpc sponsor spotlight





































interested in becoming a sponsor? we invite you to partner with us by becoming a sponsor! we have a variety of opportunities for budgets of all sizes, and your contributions will help sustain ncpc’s valuable programs and events throughout the year. 
2024-2025 sponsor spotlight informationbecome a sponsor

 
ncpc in and beyond north carolina

ncpc helps build and sustain a vibrant performing arts industry in north carolina and regionally; promoting access to live performances that entertain, engage, educate, and inspire the human spirit.with members located in close to 40 states and territories, spanning across two countries, ncpc membership proudly supports presenters, artists, agents, managers and vendors throughout north america! there's never been a better time to become a part of ncpc!learn more about ncpc


 








 






















 
thank you to our annual sponsors






 







 







 





 







 







 





 





 
skyline myriad artists agency| paramount theatre - goldsboro | ed keane associates  

and our partners






 




 
and thank you to our ncpc 2024-2025 benefactorsdebbie dunnsteven langstonnoelle rhodes scottjoey bennettdavid briggs, honored by joey bennett
 

 


terms of use | ncpc code of ethics | privacy policy | cookie policy | terms of service | policy against discrimination and harassment
diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility statement | ncpc bylaws | ncpc conflict of interest policy | accessibility statement 
site map ||financial reports are available upon request| contact

   

© 2022 north carolina presenters consortium. all rights reserved.





powered by wild apricot membership software















