










georgia chamber of commerce | georgia chamber of commerce




























































eventssmart planpartnershipsnewslog inaboutabout the georgia chamberexecutive committeeour staffchamber affiliatesbusiness directoryfaqsfeatured contentfrom the ceomembership & benefitsfeatured contentwhy join?small diverse business membershipsjoinjoin the georgia chamberpremium membership levelsfederation membershipbenefitsinvestor benefitssmart health planssmall business 401kteam georgia chamberambassadorspublic affairsgovernment affairs council2025 legislative prioritiespolicy statementspolicy committee and councilsgeorgia chamber free enterprise funddonate to the free enterprise fundfoundationoverviewgeorgia chamber foundationinitiativescenter for workforce & talent preparednesscenter for rural prosperitythe new georgia economyhub chamber councilhub councilnational civics bee®national civics bee®georgia state competitiondata hubdata hub2025 redbookresearchmap of georgiaview insightsresourcesnewspodcast hubcalendar of eventsfaqsstay connectedspeakers bureaufeatured contentlearn more

contact useventspartnershipslog in




making georgia the best place to do businesswith over 100 years of service, the georgia chamber of commerce is your strategic guide toward growth and prosperity in georgia’s vibrant business economy.become a memberabout the chamberlast chance: register for future of talent & workforce preparednessjoin us in atlanta on february 19 as we discuss how to increase workforce preparedness for our next generation of talent and our current workforce. click here to register and learn more.track georgia’s economic growth and areas of opportunity in the years ahead. click here to read the georgia chamber foundation 2025 economic competitiveness redbook.

latest newsmore than 17,000 rural georgia students supported in innovative partnership with georgia chamber and georgia department of educationtifton — yesterday, the georgia chamber of commerce and georgia department of education (gadoe) announced the tremendous statewide impact of their 2024 partnership to meet workforce preparedness needs in rural communities. gadoe, in partnership with the […]georgia chamber thanks governor kemp for his leadership on tort reform atlanta – the georgia chamber issued the following statement after governor brian kemp introduced his comprehensive tort reform package.   chris clark, president & ceo of the georgia chamber said:    “governor […]introducing the best place for working parents® georgia  brought to you by geears: georgia early education alliance for ready students and the georgia chamber of commerce  (atlanta) — the georgia chamber of commerce and geears: georgia early education […]georgia well positioned for future growth and remaining number one state to do businessatlanta – the georgia chamber foundation published the 2025 economic competitiveness redbook (redbook), the most comprehensive collection of statewide economic data and the foundation’s annual capstone project. now in the third […]


1
2
3
…
103
next » 


hello world!quick links
foundation-data











data hub
event-calendar














event calendar
contact-us




contact us
smart-plan




smart plan
business-directory






business directory
legislative-priorities



legislative priorities
upcoming events chamber abroad | czechia, austria, and hungary • may 14, 2025chamber abroad | czechia, austria, and hungarythe chamber abroad travel program returns in 2025 with an imperial cities trip featuring prague, vienna & budapest!
 the carter center • june 27, 2025national civics bee® - georgia state finalsthe georgia chamber of commerce is partnering with the u.s. chamber of commerce foundation and 12 local chambers of commerce across georgia to host a nonpartisan statewide civics competition.
 georgia international convention center • november 12, 2025diversity, equity & inclusion summitas georgia continues to become more diverse, our state’s leaders must seek to understand, engage in, and accept the responsibility to work towards an inclusive environment.



1
2
3
…
7
next » 


see all eventstrending contentsee more newsmore than 17,000 rural georgia students supported in innovative partnership with georgia chamber and georgia department of educationpress releasetifton — yesterday, the georgia chamber of commerce and georgia department of education (gadoe) announced the tremendous statewide impact of their 2024 partnership to meet workforce preparedness needs in rural communities.



gadoe, in partnership with the georgia chamber of commerce foundation through the georgia chamber’s center for rural prosperity, awarded $2.1 million in grants to rural school districts for projects designed to increase workforce readiness. the program supported more than 17,000 students in 64 rural school districts, impacting more than 250 business and industry partners.



the georgia chamber released the report as part of the organization’s rural day programming at the georgia state capitol. rural day showcases the georgia chamber’s commitment to economic development across georgia by convening business leaders from across the state for a day of advocacy for rural communities.



some of the grant-funded projects include:




be pro be proud mobile unit visits



georgia flex and flexcellerator



teacher and staff externships



industry certifications for students



skills bootcamps



investments in healthcare and manufacturing programs and pathways




daniela perry, executive director of the georgia chamber foundation said:“addressing workforce preparedness in our k-12 schools is integral to ensuring future generations are able to confidently enter the workforce and evolve throughout their professional careers. the georgia chamber foundation is proud to bolster the work of innovative education leaders across rural georgia by enabling these programs for schools that have partnered with their local industries and chambers of commerce.”



dr. bronwyn ragan-martin, georgia department of education deputy superintendent for rural education and innovation said:“k-12 schools are on the front lines of building our future workforce. educating students on career opportunities in their communities and equipping them with the necessary skills for career progression enables effective workforce pipelines across the state. the georgia department of education was proud to partner with the georgia chamber foundation on this initiative and is grateful for the foundation's commitment to rural georgia, and its students.”



justina brown, operations manager of be pro be proud georgia said:"we are grateful to the georgia chamber for their commitment to workforce development and their investment in rural communities," said justina brown, operations manager of be pro be proud georgia. "their support in partnership with the georgia department of education has allowed us to expand our reach, giving thousands of students hands-on exposure to high-demand careers. by working together, we are not only opening doors for students but also strengthening georgia’s workforce for the future.”  



melissa dark, executive director of georgia flex said:"we were delighted that the georgia chamber of commerce and the georgia department of education included flex in this innovative grant.  it was a wonderful opportunity to connect with rural school districts to offer a unique way to encourage and prepare students for the workforce.  we believe that when students build relationships with local business leaders and their chambers of commerce, we can create a system of networking and support that will positively impact student's lives and their communities--which is what flex is all about!"



click here to read the report: “increasing preparedness in rural georgia’s future generations.”



###



about the georgia chamberfounded in 1911 and incorporated in 1915, the georgia chamber of commerce is the largest business advocacy organization in georgia, working to protect free enterprise and secure our long-term economic prosperity. the georgia chamber represents tens of thousands of members in every corner of the state, with offices in atlanta, brunswick, and tifton. in 2025 the georgia chamber launched georgia | 2050, a strategic plan to ensure georgia remains a beacon of economic opportunity for the next 25 years. for more information visit gachamber.com.



about the georgia department of educationthe georgia department of education (gadoe) is committed to ensuring that all students have access to a high-quality education that prepares them for success in college, career, and life. led by state school superintendent richard woods, gadoe works to support local school districts, improve student achievement, and expand opportunities for georgia’s 1.7 million public school students. through initiatives focused on literacy, student well-being, and workforce readiness, gadoe partners with educators, families, and communities to build a brighter future for georgia.



about be pro be proud georgiabe pro be proud, another partner of the georgia chamber, is a technical career fair on wheels that showcases to students and young adults what technical professions they can pursue after high school. the mobile workshop will provide simulations to these careers, and the professions on board will connect them to post-secondary opportunities.



about flex the georgia foundational leadership and entrepreneurship experience (flex), an affiliate of the georgia chamber, focuses on creating prosperity and revitalizing rural entrepreneurial ecosystems through the education of students in establishing small businesses. flex was created through a collaboration among the fitzgerald high school college and career academy, fitzgerald-ben hill county chamber of commerce and the fitzgerald and ben hill county development authority to foster the entrepreneurial spirit within the next generation. learn moregeorgia chamber thanks governor kemp for his leadership on tort reform from the ceo, statementatlanta – the georgia chamber issued the following statement after governor brian kemp introduced his comprehensive tort reform package.  



chris clark, president & ceo of the georgia chamber said:   



“governor brian kemp has actively listened to the concerns of georgia’s families, businesses, and medical community, and in response, has introduced practical, commonsense solutions to restore balance to georgia’s courts. we applaud governor kemp for his leadership in presenting the most comprehensive tort reform package in georgia’s history. for the past 20 years, passing tort reform has been the top legislative priority of the georgia chamber. we look forward to working in partnership with governor kemp and the georgia general assembly to do right by georgians and finally pass this desperately needed legislation.”   



###learn more


1
2
3
…
206
next » 


hello world!industry highlightsthe last fiscal year was another record-setter for the film industry in georgia, hosting 412 film productions.industry highlightswith over $74 billion in economic impact every year, agribusiness is georgia's leading industry.industry highlightssince 2020, ev manufacturing has contributed over $25 billion in investments in georgia. 

 latest reportseconomic insights from the chamberthe georgia chamber foundation is the premier source of data and insights for businesses in georgia.reportincreasing preparedness in rural georgia's future generationsread moreredbook2025 economic competitiveness redbooktrack georgia’s economic growth and areas of opportunity in the years ahead.read morequarterly reportq4 quarterly economic report 2024: increasing talent in georgia's fastest growing industriesread more

 investor benefitswe are for georgia businessesin addition to legislative updates, general member weekly newsletters, and curated content for our foundation and board members, the georgia chamber also offers a number of other impactful benefits.smart plan health insuranceour anthem smart plan provides a more affordable way to offer healthcare to employees.learn more401k retirement plan exchangea new 401k program offered to businesses across georgia in partnership with transamerica and gallagher.learn moremembership pricing for chamber eventsenjoy discounted pricing for all georgia chamber events in the calendar year.learn moreopportunity to serve on councils & committeescollectively work to address annual goals and execute the chamber’s long-term strategic plan.learn moreexclusive partnership & sponsorship opportunitiesachieve impact and visibility through unique partnerships and sponsorships of chamber events.learn more membershipjoin the georgia chamberour tiered investor membership levels cater to the diverse needs and growth stages of georgia businesses, ensuring the right fit for your ambitions.learn more80,000+grassroots network2,000,000+employees of members
member investorsjoin our community at the forefront of creating a better state of business for georgians.learn morepremium member investorsjoin a prestigious group of companies and become an engaged leader in our organization.learn morefederation membershipa partnership program granting georgia chamber benefits to local chambers and their members.learn morepinnacle membersofficial partnershelp us forge the future of georgia's economybecome a member of the georgia chamber today and secure your business’s future in the peach state economy.join the chamber legislative prioritiesfrom georgia chamber at the capitolat the capitol, we tirelessly advocate for policies that enhance georgia's competitiveness and prosperity.2025 legislative prioritiesdiscover and learn more about the georgia chamber’s top policy priorities for the 2025 legislative year.learn morefree enterprise fundthe georgia chamber free enterprise fund strengthens the collective voice of the statewide business community by supporting business advocates serving under the gold dome and empowering pro-business candidates throughout georgia.learn morelegislator scorecardsee how your elected officials voted on 2024 georgia chamber priority legislation and get an assessment of how each decision impacts your business.learn more
menu

calendar of events
partnerships
news hub
careers
log in

close


© 2024 georgia chamber 



closearrow-circle-o-downellipsis-vcode snippet ma-customfonts 3.4.1 





















