



  



candlewycke inn bed & breakfast | come, stay and enjoy your day.





































































toggle navigation








home
blog
privacy policy
contact us
home
blog
privacy policy
contact us
 




















candlewycke inn 



									candlewycke inn was first opened in 1986 to offer a place for the local communities to host meetings while we served them delicious food. with our experience, we have developed candlewycke into a comfortable stay for travelers. experience nature and comfort at our quality accommodations. we try to provide the best service to all our guests with a team that is always available. connect with us!								







 
view more















welcome to 



a great stay at a charming and cozy inn 



									find comfortable accommodation at the best location in town. explore the local streets while you have a cozy inn to head back to when you are tired. we will make sure to keep the room ready for you when you arrive. 								






visit us











 











cuisinesenjoy some of the finest cuisines from the local and continental traditions.  







roomsfind clean sheets and towels in your room to stay clean and comfortable.  







bachelors partyhost your big day with us while we create the best ideas manage everything for you.  












 







candlewycke inn party house 











we wanted to create a venue where our clients can have the ultimate enjoyment at their bachelor parties.  so we started with our party rooms first.  we implemented a spacious and minimalistic design. our cozy sofa and spaces are always kept clean before and after each. we also have a range of standard party activities planners to help you create the ultimate bachelor party ideas. 











property amenities 



									explore the amenities candlewycke has to offer. we have the highest standards in offering hotel-like amenities to our guests. 								









 





free parking 



									we have parking for up to 10 cars at one time. cctv secured parking zone. 								









 





free high speed internet 



									connect to a fast and uninterrupted wifi service when you arrive and work without a problem. 								









 





bicycle rental 



									we also provide bicycles for rent so you can visit the local sports with ease. 								

















"thank you for being available when i needed accommodation urgently. however, i did not expect this quality of service when i thought i had to stay in an inn rather than a five-star hotel. i am really impressed and might come back again whenever i am in the city. "



 

john m blevins
















latest news & updates 




top-rated 4 tourist attractions in montana
montana is a rugged state that has a touch of its wild past, with the massive unaltered natural spaces defining …read more

montana local foods
montana is a hub for a variety of local foods that you can try out while touring the state. you …read more

insider tips to seeing wildlife in glacier national park in montana
traveling has various benefits, with the multiple spaces opening new world-class options for the explorers to set out on an …read more

reasons to stay in a bed and breakfast
if you’re looking for a nice way to get away from it all and soak up some sunshine, a bed …read more 











2 nights rental of the entire inn 



									connect with us today and learn about our exclusive offers. 								











 
book now


























					copyright © 2021 candlewyckeinn.com | all rights reserved.				










scroll to top





























































