


pattis place free web graphics








   

free backgrounds, buttons, photos and templatesplus website design tips, tricks and resources
ready for some of the hottest free backgrounds, tiles, textures, page sets, themes, buttons, photos and animations ?? p l u s  some of the coolest website design tips, tricks and  how to's on image maps, frames and site promotion??  along with our favorite resources for java, music, clip art -- and lots more. ..

come on in to patti's place.  we have a large selections of graphics that are free for personal or commercial use in the design of your websites.  see terms of use - free graphics for details.  as well as over 2,500 website templates available for purchase -  check template terms of usage.  help yourself, but please do not link directly to our graphics -- save the image to your hard drive and upload it to your server along with your html files.  for instruction on how to save images  click here.

i hope you enjoy your visit.


looking for our famous cyber island animations -- dancing alligator, swimming dolphin, shark, racoon playing the fiddle -- you're in the right place!  we've retired several more from our websites that are now available for your use --check it out at our animation outpost!

 
patti bailey of patti's place has designed several hundred websites, most of them while working for ci-interactive, formerly cyber island.  if you would like to take a look at some of the sites she has worked on --
 click here!


over 2,500 website templates available for online purchase low cost professionally designed web templates, dreamweaver templates, flash intros with .fla files included, dhtml, css, psd files...
search by category or type of template

 

featured templates

















 please check frequently asked questions for more info.


 


backgrounds

buttons

templates

animations

symbols/icons

music

clip art

photos

html

frames/tables

java

counters, guest books, etc.

site promotion

faq

developer forum

home
 



copyright ©ci-interactive. all rights reserved
    visit us at www.cyberisle.com
 




