













	prairie state bank and trust | central il community bank












































skip to main content
skip to live chat


holiday closure reminder: our locations will be closed on monday, february 17th, to observe the president's day holiday.



tools for you
careers
voyagers
branches / atms
1-800-597-2977
routing #: 
            
            071114763
            
        







prairie state bank and trust





main navigation





personal
checking
platinum mastercard® credit card
savings
loans
cds/iras
mortgage loan center


business
deposit accounts
business lending
business services
credit cards
ag services


mortgage loan center
financial services
trust


customer service
customer service additional information


about us
ceo letter
history
meet the team
locations
community
news




other helpful links


tools for you
careers
voyagers
branches / atms
1-800-597-2977
routing #: 
            
            071114763
            
        












online banking
business banking - premier
credit card access
order deluxe checks
open an account today!
enroll in online & mobile banking











search











your business is your focus. our focus is you.
talk to our treasury team today!
learn more








mortgage loan center
few purchases match the excitement of buying a home, and few purchases require as much planning and financial consideration. fortunately, working with a trusted mortgage lender can make the home-buying process easy and rewarding. our goal is to provide the highest level of service at competitive rates.

get started today






business banking
in business, one of the most important choices you can make is how to manage your company’s money. whether your company is just starting out, looking to grow or ready for a major expansion, local business banking services can help support long-term success. explore smart banking products and services from experts who truly understand your business needs.

see our services








credit cards
view your options







personal banking
whether you’re opening your first savings account, taking out a loan, or buying your dream home, we’re there to help at every stage of your journey. that’s why prairie state bank & trust offers a variety of personal banking services that are designed for your financial success.

open an account







news

view all










11/19/2024

welcome jason burgener, treasury sales officer!



it is our pleasure to introduce the prairie state bank & trust community to jason burgener, our new savoy, mattoon, charleston & surrounding area's treasury sales officer! 


read more about welcome jason burgener, treasury sales officer!









11/7/2024

upgrade your banking experience: discover new features for easier, smarter financial management



we’re excited to introduce several new enhancements to our digital banking services, making it easier than ever to manage your accounts, debit cards, and finances—whether you’re at home or on the go. as of november 5th, our upgraded mobile app and online banking platform offer a range of convenient features to put you in full control of your banking experience.


read more about upgrade your banking experience: discover new features for easier, smarter financial management









10/3/2024

welcome savoy vice president & commercial lender, kyle buhr!



it is our pleasure to introduce the prairie state bank & trust community to kyle buhr, savoy’s new vice president and commercial lender.


read more about welcome savoy vice president & commercial lender, kyle buhr!














customer service





branches / atms





lost / stolen card








follow us on facebook
follow us on linkedin


contact us
acb 401k
fraud alerts
security center
disclosure
privacy policy

















download our mobile app!



                routing number:
                
            
            071114763
            
        

              





            
            
            copyright ©
 american central bancorp, inc. all rights reserved.
            
        

          






third party site disclaimer
you are leaving prairie state bank and trust's website. prairie state bank and trust is not responsible for the content of the linked site. please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of our website. we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the linked site, which may be different than ours. please confirm that you would like to continue.

cancel
continue








notice
the document that you have selected contains additional links to third-party sources outside of www.psbank.net website. prairie state bank and trust is not responsible for the content of the linked site. please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of our website. we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the linked site, which may be different than ours. please confirm that you would like to continue.

cancel
continue








email disclaimer
reminder this is not a secured email link. please do not include any confidential or sensitive information such as account numbers or social security numbers within this email.

cancel
continue


















