



united scrap metal buyers and recyclers – committed to making a positive impact in the lives of others











































 








englishespañolpolskicustomer log inget a quoteschedule pickupenglishespañolpolskiwho we arediversity, equity & inclusioncommunity engagementour promisecore valuessustainabilitysafety and complianceqehs & policyour servicescustomersconsumersclient testimonialsjoin our teamcareerscontact uslocationswomen’s history monthwho we arediversity, equity & inclusioncommunity engagementour promisecore valuessustainabilitysafety and complianceour servicescustomersconsumersclient testimonialsjoin our teamcareerscontact uslocationscustomer log inrequest a quoteschedule a pick-up





 
slide background making a positive impact in the lives of others.united scrap metal is one of the largest and fastest-growing, privately held, providers of innovative recycling solutions in the country.
 making a positive impact in the lives of others.united scrap metal is one of the largest and fastest-growing, privately held, providers of innovative recycling solutions in the country.
 making a positive impact in the lives of others.united scrap metal is one of the largest and fastest-growing, privately held, providers of innovative recycling solutions in the country.
slide backgroundwe built united scrap metal to be unique. our commitment to excellence is reflected in our award-winning history, as well as our outstanding client retention rate with thousands of customers.
we built united scrap metal to be unique. our commitment to excellence is reflected in our award-winning history, as well as our outstanding client retention rate with thousands of customers.
we built united scrap metal to be unique. our commitment to excellence is reflected in our award-winning history, as well as our outstanding client retention rate with thousands of customers.
slide backgroundwhile our business has grown, we have sharpened our focus. we continue to grow and expand our operations without losing sight of what is most important – making a positive impact in the lives of others. 
while our business has grown, we have sharpened our focus. we continue to grow and expand our operations without losing sight of what is most important – making a positive impact in the lives of others. 
while our business has grown, we have sharpened our focus. we continue to grow and expand our operations without losing sight of what is most important – making a positive impact in the lives of others. 
 



we purchase, process and market recyclable commodities, enabling our customers to advance their core business.united scrap metal was founded in 1978 with $200 and a rental truck. every day, we work hard to serve our customers and are proud to make a positive impact by providing award-winning and sustainable recycling solutions.
read morewe built united scrap metal to be unique. and that’s reflected in our core values and our team.with 500+ team members and six locations, our commitment to excellence is reflected in our award-winning history, as well as our outstanding client retention rate with thousands of customers across north america.
read morewhile our business has grown, we have sharpened our focus.we continue to grow and expand our operations without losing sight of what is most important – making a positive impact in the lives of others.
read more



united scrap metal1545 s cicero avenue
cicero, il 60804in the news 


united scrap metal, inc. &marsha serlin – a story ofperseverance and philanthropyjuly 13, 2022 




united scrap metal is honoured on 50 fastest growing women-owned and led business listmay 27, 2022 




marsha serlin – women in metals and mining  | s&p global plattsfebruary 25, 2022 




diverse suppliers one way to shore up facilities supply chainnovember 16, 2021 




a conversation with marsha serlin of united scrap metalseptember 15, 2017 

 



708.780.6800

menu















we use cookies to optimize our website, services and visitor experience.agree



