

christmasfreebies.com: the web's top resource for christmas freebies, christmas samples, free stuff, contests, santa, yuletide, games


















welcome to christmasfreebies.com


free christmas cards


free christmas catalogs


children's christmas freebies


free christmas contests


free christmas fonts


free christmas gifts


free christmas graphics


misc. christmas freebies

free christmas screen savers

free christmas software



free christmas sounds




contact us
























affiliates:
aaapostcards.com
aaascreensavers.com
freeware files.com
graphxkingdom.com
flamingtext.com







christmasfreebies.com







happy
holidays! you've found the web's top collection of yuletide freebies,
including gifts, samples, digital holiday cards, freebies for children, and
free christmas software. we also offer such goodies as free services
that'll make sure a child's letter gets to santa, as well as free christmas
clipart, games and contests.
be sure to also check out our parent site, thefreesite.com.
please send us e-mail if you're
aware of any christmas freebies that we haven't listed
below.










 christmas wallpapers - at this regularly updated site, you'll find a big collection of free christmas wallpapers. categories include christmas paintings, trees, ornaments, lights, wreaths, snowmen, santa, candies, cats, dogs, nature, widescreen, happy new year, and more.
 christmas cell phone freebies - this site offers a festive collection of christmas-themed freebies for your mobile phone, including screensavers and wallpapers. no registration is required. the site is safe for all ages.
 earn free gift cards - looking for free gift cards? sign up with swagbucks (it's free) and you can earn free gift cards for taking online surveys, watching videos, searching the web, and other online activities. the gift cards range in value from $5 to $25. (u.s., u.k. and canada only).
 christmas jigsaw puzzles - here, you'll find a festive collection of free online christmas-themed jigsaw puzzles. you can also turn your own pictures into jigsaw puzzles and save them to a private album that you can share with your friends.
 365greetings christmas cards - at this site, you'll find a good selection of free christmas-themed, customizable animated flash digital greeting cards. card categories here also include birthdays, friendship, holidays, inspiration, invitations, weddings, and more.
 santa letter - this fun site offers a festive roundup of free christmas activities, including a service that lets you send a letter from santa to your kids. here, you'll also find free christmas games, postcards, trivia, jokes, christmas carol lyrics, coloring pages, and more.
 christmasfreestuff.net - this regularly updated site offers a fun collection of christmas-themed freebies. here, you'll find free christmas music, clipart, greeting cards, screensavers, and more. you can also send a letter to santa.
 freechristmasscreensavers.com - there are sleigh-loads of free christmas desktop enhancements at this site. here, you'll find freeware desktop wallpapers, themes, greeting cards, games, and, of course, lots of festive screen savers. (for windows and macs).
 feelslikechristmas.com -  looking for christmas music? this site offers a growing collection of free, legal christmas-themed mp3 sound files, submitted by the artists themselves. yuletide tunes here include traditional and contemporary songs, as well as instrumentals.
 funmunch christmas celebrations - this site offers loads of free christmas-themed goodies. here, you'll find free christmas wallpapers, ecards, games, poems, funny pictures, quotes, videos, backgrounds, icons, and more.
 christmas ecards - this site offers a merry selection of free animated christmas ecards. here, you'll find various other fun yuletide goodies, including christmas poems, quotes, messages, trivia, carols, recipes, crafts, party ideas, gift ideas, and more.
 1 nutty santa screen saver - one of the best free christmas screen savers we've seen, this fun program features wacky antics from the jolly elf, as he flies his sleigh across your desktop. this site also features another festive, freeware program, the frosty goes skiing screen saver. (for windows).
 l.l. bean christmas catalog - complete the form at this site to request a 228-page christmas catalog from l.l. bean, a retailer that specializes in apparel and outdoor equipment. (international availability).
  free christmas graphics - are you working on a christmas-themed web page or presentation? claire schaeffer's site offers a great roundup of the web's top christmas free graphics sites. from original yuletide art to icons to matching sets to ornamental graphics, you'll find it here. all sites are rated and reviewed.
 christmas stationery - liven up your christmas e-mail correspondence with the free custom stationery at cloudeight stationery. here, you'll find a festive collection of free christmas-themed stationery for use with outlook and outlook express. each self-installing package here includes nice scrolling backgrounds, and some include music. (for windows).
  free christmas screen saver - put your computer in a festive mood with this screen saver, which features lovely yuletide images of santa, frosty the snowman and more. (you can use the images as desktop wallpaper, as well). from the freeware screen saver guru tony beaudon, who wishes everyone,  "happy holidays."  (for windows).







| free christmas cards | free christmas catalogs | children's christmas freebies | free christmas contests | christmas fonts || free christmas gifts | free christmas graphics | misc. christmas freebies || free christmas screen savers | free christmas software | free christmas sounds |




if you find a dead link or would like to submit a new link,
please send us an e-mail.






click here to go to thefreesite.com, the web's freebies search engine.






