



















midwestern university | midwestern university






























skip to main site navigation
skip to main content























open the search panel




search















news & stories
events
give to mwu
midwestern clinics





directories

          click to open
        

faculty & staff directory
offices, departments & centers







information for

          click to open
        


alumni


current students


faculty & staff


community & media


parents & families










academics


degrees & programs


academic calendars


academic resources


2024-25 course catalog


2025-26 course catalog (subject to change)


graduate medical education


our colleges


our faculty




admissions


why midwestern?


visit


admissions process


tuition & fees


paying for college




student experience


il - downers grove campus


az - glendale campus


student services




research


clinical research services


office of research & sponsored programs




about


contact us


governance


mission & vision


one health initiative


multicultural affairs and community outreach


office of safety & security














midwestern university














 inspiring and  interdisciplinary  healthcare education.
midwestern university. tomorrow’s healthcare team.








academic excellence 
learn from award winning faculty, practice at our university-owned clinics and be day-one-ready for your healthcare career.

















explore by area of study

dental medicine
graduate studies
health sciences
optometry
osteopathic medicine
pharmacy
podiatric medicine
veterinary medicine



explore by location

glendale, az
downers grove, il
online & hybrid


explore all programs

















the midwestern university clinics
midwestern university's curriculum include working with faculty on real patients at our university-operated clinics.






a hands-on learning environment


practice at our 10 university-operated clinics 
students get the patient experience necessary to help launch their successful healthcare careers.



fully-licensed practitioners and graduate-level students work together to provide compassionate, quality healthcare using the latest technology in our state-of-the-art clinic facilities.
a true hands-on experience that enhances the mwu educational experience.

mwu clinics
animal health institute (az)

















one health official definition
the collaborative effort of multiple health science professions, together with their related disciplines and institutions-working locally, nationally, and globally-to attain optimal health for people, animals, wildlife, plants, and our environment.






learn more about midwestern's commitment to one health


"the health of humans, animals, and our environment are connected. one health is the understanding of how the choices we make that impact humanity, the creatures we live with, and the planet we live upon are vital for the sustainability of all."

mariah zeigler, d.v.m., m.p.h., dacvpm,
    assistant professor, public health program

college of graduate studies





one health is the lens through which we view interprofessional education.

one health initiative













stats & facts
things to consider when evaluating healthcare education options.


why midwestern?










31m+
total annual
research investment
research




36k+
alumni
practicing globally
alumni




13:1
student-to-faculty ratios (average across both campuses) 
small class sizes help make the classroom experience more up-close and personal.




6k+
students
dedicated to healthcare careers











stories from midwestern university 


read more stories















hilal's story


“in my class, i convey the major concepts in human disease with clarity, providing sufficient background information, and utilizing pathology as a tool to seamlessly integrate the basic and clinical sciences.”


	hilal arnouk,  m.d., ph.d., associate professor, pathology

college of graduate studies-illinois

read more about hilal
							's story


admissions - il













adebayo's story


"the most rewarding part of being a member of mwu faculty is the friendly community and the creative, excellent, and inspiring atmosphere that allows me to thrive professionally, as well as the students in their respective health care professions."


	adebayo molehin, ph.d., m.s.

college of graduate studies-arizona

read more about adebayo
							's story













mckenzie's story


“i was drawn to healthcare and have a passion for working with older adults in the areas of productive aging and stroke recovery.”


	mckenzie pflaum, occupational therapy, class of 2026

college of health sciences, downers grove campus

read more about mckenzie
							's story


admissions - il 













sofia's story


"i think my favorite part about midwestern is the amazing faculty. the faculty are passionate about teaching and they really care about their students."


	sofia barajas, osteopathic medicine, 2027

arizona college of osteopathic medicine

read more about sofia
							's story









go to the previous slide.




go to the next slide.










news at midwestern


















"walk with a doc" educates students, community on fall prevention

hour-long walks with faculty experts, students are open and free to the public



public events


culture and community outreach


february 4, 2025


az - glendale












midwestern university medical students participate in national shado week

medical students provide informational sessions about osteopathic medicine, midwestern university


february 17, 2025


il - downers grove








arizona college of podiatric medicine assistant professor introduces podiatry to biomedical sciences students

johanna richey, d.p.m., teaches students on the downers grove campus about career options, suturing


february 12, 2025


az - glendale
il - downers grove








lifestyle medicine assists patients with healthier living

multispecialty clinic offers support through lifestyle changes


february 7, 2025


il - downers grove
mwu clinics









go to the previous slide.




go to the next slide.




all news










midwestern university events


all events











starts

04
march



health sciences career day for high schools
area high school teachers are invited to participate in hands-on, interactive workshops to learn more about healthcare professions at midwestern university. high schools will attend the event on march 4 or march 5, 2025, from 8:30 a.m. to 12:15 p.m.

8:30am
 - 12:15pm

downers grove campus








12
march



cco continuing education event
the chicago college of optometry hosts a continuing education program focusing on management of adult-onset diplopia.

5:30
 - 8:00pm

dobbelaere hall, event center


register for cco continuing education








17
march



chippin' in for students golf classic
join midwestern university at the arrowhead country club in glendale for a fun day-long golf outing benefitting the mwu student scholarship fund. 

10:00am
 - 5:00pm

arrowhead country club, glendale, az


register for golf classic by march 8, 2025
















campus locations
two great campuses.  unlimited possibilities.


















illinois
downers grove
located just 25 miles west of chicago.  students can study and live in the comfort and safety of a 105-acre campus in the suburbs and can practice at our university-owned clinics located just 10 minutes away.
















arizona
glendale
located just 15 minutes from downtown phoenix.  students can study and live on our sprawling 143-acre campus and practice at our university-owned clinics located just across the street.



















start your journey




apply to midwestern


request information


schedule a tour














make a gift







academics


admissions


student experience


research


about






news & stories
events
offices, departments & centers
2024-25 course catalog
2025-26 course catalog (subject to change)
mwunet



information for



alumni


current students


faculty & staff


community & media


parents & families





resources

academic calendars
annual security & fire safety report
body donation program
careers at midwestern
libraries
safety & security










downers grove campus




555 31st streetdowners grove, il 60515



630-971-6080










glendale campus




19555 n 59th ave.glendale, az 85308



623-572-3200







copyright © 2025 midwestern university

privacy policy
legal disclosures
institutional disclosures
student complaints procedures
bias, discrimination, or harassment incident/concern reporting


social media links



facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram





tiktok





linkedin





threads
















