






t. rowe price charitable - home


















t. rowe price charitable





how it works


contributions & grants



program fees






investments


investment pool selector






legacy



about



resources


disaster relief 



tax savings calculator



giving power calculator












account login






open an account


























































































establish a legacy of giving.
join t. rowe price charitable

open a new account

account login














what is t. rowe price charitable?

t. rowe price charitable is an independent nonprofit public charity that sponsors national donor-advised funds. through t. rowe price charitable, individuals and corporations can actively engage in philanthropy and support qualified charitable organizations throughout the united states.
t. rowe price founded t. rowe charitable in 2000 to provide an efficient and effective means for initiating, investing, and distributing charitable gifts. t. rowe price charitable  has service agreements with t. rowe price, but it is not a product or service of t. rowe price.












$853 million
in grants have been distributed to public charities, private operating foundations, and government entities since 2000.
 as of 12/31/23.


















































how it works
make an initial contribution to t. rowe price charitable (with immediate tax benefits), invest in t. rowe price-managed pools, and then (when you’re ready) recommend grant disbursements to charities of your choice.
learn how it works












benefits
highly personalized service, flexible tax advantages, and low annual fees help donors be confident they have made the right choice for aligning their financial resources with their charitable passions.
learn about the benefits

















download program brochure




















the program’s tax identification number is 31-1709466.





privacy policy



feedback



contact us



legal disclosure





copyright © 2019, the t. rowe price program for charitable giving, inc. all rights reserved. 
 all other registered trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.

 









