



central analysis bureau


















































login

home

products
bits & pieces
webinars
knowledge base
risk insights report
contact



menu





make better decisions providing cutting edge industry-leading products for in-depth motor carrier analysis.


learn more


















financial analysis
the cab rating and financial analysis has been provided exclusively by
                                            us for over 75 years.

























motor carrier reports
our reports are the accepted industry standard, offering the most
                                            advanced and comprehensive analysis available. the user-friendly layout, interactive
                                            capabilities and focus on highlighting relevant issues are critical to making
                                            informed decisions.

























chameleon detector 
our proprietary and multi-point matching algorithms allow even the
                                            most basic user to understand the relationships and potential fraud exhibited by
                                            chameleon carriers.

























business intelligence solutions
our vast data warehouse and development team can provide customized
                                            modelling and software integration solutions for your unique data requirements.
                                        

























monitoring services
benefit from real-time alerts notifying you of critical changes to an
                                            account.

























vehicle tracker
search the expansive inspection, crash and violation history of
                                            vehicles and the motor carriers that operated them using as little as a partial vin
                                            or license plate.

























sales leads
we offer the industry's most advanced leads generator providing you
                                            instant access to the most up to date list of motor carriers tailored to meet your
                                            exact operational, safety and geographic appetite.




















cab defining innovation
a world of data translated into meaningful and actionable information. empowering you to make better decisions each and every day is the cab difference.

75+ years of experience
millions of safety records
one source













products

financial analysis
motor carrier reports
chameleon detector
business intelligence solutions


monitoring services
vehicle tracker
sales leads




bits & pieces
webinars
contact
terms of use and privacy policy
do not sell or share my personal information
cookie settings











150 chambers bridge rd | suite 200
brick township, nj 08723

phone: 212.244.6575
fax: 212.695.1618
email




© 2025 fusable™






