


























thomas j. long school of pharmacy | university of the pacific


























































skip to main content




















academicsschools & collegesundergraduate programsgraduate programsdual-degree programsonline graduate programsprofessional development & continuing educationacademic supportresearch & scholarshipadmission & aidundergraduategraduateadmitted students next stepslawdentalpharmacyinternational studentsfinancial aid & costfour-year guaranteecommunity involvement programabout pacificour campusesfast factsstudent outcomescommunity impactdiversity, equity and inclusionsustainabilitypresident callahanuniversity leadershiphistory & missionpacific in the newspacific newsroomstudent lifeactivities & programshousing & diningstudent servicescareer serviceshealth & wellnesssafety & conduct








						more
					




						search
					




						close
					










close




























mobile menu - academics

academics


+-



schools & colleges
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
dual-degree programs
online graduate programs
professional development & continuing education
academic support
research & scholarship




mobile menu - admission & aid

admission & aid


+-



undergraduate
graduate
admitted students next steps
law
dental
pharmacy
international students
financial aid & cost
four-year guarantee
community involvement program




mobile main navigation - campus life

student life


+-



activities & programs
housing & dining
student services
career services
health & wellness
safety & conduct




mobile main navigation - about pacific

about pacific


+-



our campuses
fast facts
student outcomes
community impact
diversity, equity and inclusion
sustainability
president callahan
university leadership
history & mission
pacific in the news
pacific newsroom











utility mobile - pharmacy


apply


visit


request info


give







 

secondary navigation


news & events


athletics


diversity at pacific


library


 campus directory


alumni


give


campus bookstore





 


































utility desktop - pharmacy


apply


visit


request info


give



























breadcrumb

home




										thomas j. long school of pharmacy
									























join a legacy of excellence and leadership
at the thomas j. long school of pharmacy, we are led by the desire to prepare students for lifelong success in health careers by providing a supportive and exceptional student-centered learning environment.











thomas j. long school of pharmacyabouteventsalumnisupport the schoolinteractions magazineannual reportcontinuing educationlogo useapply pharmdhow to applyapp deadlinesprerequisitesfaqstechnical standardstuition & financial aidadmitted pharmd studentsacademicspre-pharmacy advantage programbs in pharmaceutical sciencems in regulatory sciencedoctor of pharmacypharmaceutical and chemical sciencespharmd outcomes datajie du centericor research centerfellowshipsbeonebridgebioday onegenentechgileadpharmacy practiceu.s. air forcedirectorypharmaceutical sciencespharmacy practicestaffpreceptor cornernoteworthy submissionscommunitymedicare part d outreach clinicscommunity impact - medicare part ddiabetes care clinics









 



 



explore our programsour school is home to the pre-pharmacy advantage program, a newly launched bachelor of science in pharmaceutical science, a master of science in regulatory science, an accelerated three-year doctor of pharmacy (pharmd) program and a graduate pharmaceutical and chemical sciences program (pcsp), as well as several pharmacy fellowship programs.with our health care programs heavily steeped in community outreach initiatives, our alumni leave a legacy of leadership and excellence.





 












 


pre-pharmacy advantage program






 


bs in pharmaceutical science






 


ms in regulatory science








 


doctor of pharmacy






 


pharmaceutical and chemical sciences






 


pharmacy fellowships














 
 









 
cpje and naplex preparatory program
university of the pacific’s thomas j. long school of pharmacy is proud to offer a no-cost three-week residential california practice standards and jurisprudence examination (cpje) and north american pharmacist licensure examination (naplex) preparation program—the first-of-its-kind cpje and naplex preparatory program presented by any pharmacy school.
this engaging, intensive preparatory program provides students who have earned their pharmd degree the opportunity to be part of immersive review and practice sessions to promote successful passage of the cpje and naplex examinations.










 










 
about the school
since 1955, the thomas j. long school of pharmacy has been training health care professionals who are problem-solvers, innovators and leaders. our students are constantly making a difference by serving underserved communities or leading breakthroughs in research with our award-winning faculty members.


 

learn about the thomas j. long school of pharmacy









 
 










 









                                                            3
                                       third school of pharmacy est in california




                                                            10k+
                                       thomas j. long school of pharmacy alumni




                                                            17
                                       experiential learning regions






 















 


request info








 


apply today









 
you'll always have support
each day, our students make an impact in the community—but they don’t do it alone. whether you decide on our pre-pharmacy program, our bs in pharmaceutical science, our pharmd program or our pcsp program, we’re here to help. through each lab, lecture or community outreach clinic program, you gain lifelong communication and leadership skills you’ll use every day to serve your patients.










 









                experiential learning
              

by working alongside seasoned professionals, you get the hands-on experience needed to hone your clinical and patient-care skills. during your time at the thomas j. long school of pharmacy, you immerse yourself in a wide range of practice settings, ultimately finding one that’s right for you. whether you choose a fast-paced hospital environment, a research-based setting, an environment that utilizes your business acumen or a cutting-edge specialty, the choice is yours.


see how the jie du center leads pharmaceutical innovation





                powerful alumni network
              

our alumni are the core of our pharmacy family. they are committed to helping you reach your academic and professional goals, now and throughout your career. events are regularly hosted by the pacific pharmacy alumni association, allowing you to connect with leaders in the field of health care.
from pharmacy fellowships to medicare part d outreach clinics, our students are provided with opportunities to network before graduation, leading many to leadership positions in local, state and national professional organizations after graduation.


connect with the pacific pharmacy alumni association





                research-driven education
              

at the thomas j. long school of pharmacy, you work alongside award-winning faculty members on cutting-edge research, challenging the status quo of patient care and education. this means conducting meaningful research that covers a wide spectrum of topics, including drug delivery, drug design, mental health and patient care.


learn about our award-winning faculty







 






we are looking for problem-solvers and passionate innovators. take the next step towards a career in health care.


apply now




 

















find a sense of belonging
“as a little girl, i always admired the work of pharmacists and how they interacted with medications and patients. so when i found out about pacific’s accelerated program it really interested me. then i came to fall open house and interacted with the faculty and i really felt like i belonged.”
— keerat kandola
















 












build connections
“pacific was my first choice because of its great reputation as a university, its small class sizes and the variety of opportunities it offers for on-campus involvement, undergrad research and forming connections with people looking to enter the same field as me.”
— olivia laprade
















 












be a part of a community
“i love that pacific really feels like a family. it was a small community where i could truly grow into my own person and it helped shape who i am today. because of its long-standing history as a pharmacy school, it’s rooted in the profession and is one of the leading pioneers in the pharmacy field.”
— irene (andrada) solorio ’15, pharmd, bcgp
















 




 







 
 



 
making a difference in our community
at the thomas j. long school of pharmacy, our students learn to lead by example. from helping 10,446 beneficiaries save over $10.12 million with their medicare part d drug plan to being selected by blue shield of california to serve as one of the first universities in the state to administer the covid-19 vaccine to students, we make waves of impact.



explore our diabetes care clinics




learn about our medicare part d outreach clinics







 









thomas j. long school of pharmacy resources


visit us
support the school
pharmd tuition and financial aid




thomas j. long school of pharmacy resources


pharmd admission
jie du center
pharmacy fellowships






 














 



professor secures coveted $1.6m r01 nih grant
mamoun m. alhamadsheh, phd received a 5-year $1.6 million nih grant to continue research on novel drug delivery system for the prevention and rescue of fentanyl and other opioid overdoses.

























 



$334k nih grant supports cardiology research
carlos a. villalba-galea, phd received a 2-year $334,000 nih grant to investigate the interaction of two proteins involved in electrical signaling in neurons and the heart.

























 



$1.15m nih grant elevates pacific research lab
melanie a. felmlee, phd received a 4-year $1.15 million nih grant for research that focuses on the differences in the way males and females process ghb.

learn more



















 














pharmacy news
view all







 




heart disease drug discovered by pacific professor receives fda approval

read more







 




pacific research team develops breakthrough single-dose solution to combat fentanyl overdoses

read more







 




pacific pharmacy advances diabetes care through collaborative practice agreement

read more







view all












events


          view all events





22 feb 

community health fair10:00 am - 02:00 pm


1 mar 

step into your pharmd era: admitted student day09:00 am - 01:00 pm


22 mar 

california reception at apha04:00 pm - 06:00 pm










contact us




thomas j. long school of pharmacy

phone:
209.932.3600
email:
pharmdadmission@pacific.edu


location:
3601 pacific ave.stockton, ca 95211







dean, thomas j. long school of pharmacy

berit gundersen


email:
                    pharmacydean@pacific.edu
                  






follow us




thomas j. long school of pharmacy


































stockton campus
3601 pacific ave.
stockton, ca 95211
admissions: 209.946.2211
sacramento campus
3200 fifth ave.
sacramento, ca 95817
admissions: 916.739.7105
san francisco campus
155 fifth st.
san francisco, ca 94103
admissions: 415.929.6491













footer links 1


mypacific


campus hours


event services


emergency info


jobs


contact us






footer links 2


accessibility statement


bias reporting


title ix resources


university policies


non-discrimination statement


annual security report


privacy policy






 stay in touch

 






























©
						2025
						university of the pacific



























close search
































