






saint rose of lima catholic church - wrangell, alaska

















































mass times
sunday mass: 
on the 1st, 2nd, 4th, or 5th sunday of the 
month mass will be at 11:00 am & 5:30 
pm on sunday.
on the 3rd sunday of the month we will 
have a 5:30 pm mass saturday night and 
an 8:30 am mass sunday morning before 
fr. jose leaves for petersburg.
most mondays and tuedays we will have 
daily mass at 7:25 am. if weather 
prevents the sunday 11:00 am mass, fr. 
jose will fly over on the afternoon jet, 
and have adoration at 4:00 pm, 
confession and then a 5:30 pm mass. 
this will give us one definite morning 
mass if the weather issues continue.  
 
    all are welcome
  



phone: 907-874-3771


cell # for fr. jose  907-723-2789


p.o. box 469, 120 church street


wrangell, ak 99929





                               fr. jose thomas, parish priest














































insulation project

jubilee door

interior painting










st. rose of lima catholic church
wrangell, alaska




saint rose of lima catholic church





wrangell, alaska








the st. rose of lima church is significant to state 
and local history because it represents the first 
catholic parish in the state of alaska. through the 
years the building has been modified, with major 
changes taking place in 1926. since then the church 
interior has not been significantly altered.    
   the church began when father john althoff, a 
newly ordained priest, accompanied by charles 
john seghers, bishop of victoria, vancouver island, 
arrived in wrangell in the spring of 1879. althoff, 
himself a craftsman, enlisted the aid of wrangell’s 
irish catholics and that year, they built the little 
church named st. rose of lima. in april of 1898, st. 
rose of lima, in disrepair for a number of years, 
was torn down. father althoff only served three 
years in wrangell before he was transferred to the 
juneau parish. for the next twenty years, wrangell 
had no resident priest and the parish was served by 
priests who were stationed in juneau, douglas and 
ketchikan. even the bell, installed by father althoff 
in 1879, was taken to juneau and not returned until 
1921.
   the catholics in wrangell, however, wanted a new 
church. they began soliciting donations for a 
building fund in january, 1908. in august of that 
year, contractor h.d. campbell hired the carpenters 
and work on the building began. more building 
supplies arrived that summer and by december the 
building was completed, financed entirely by 
donations. leo mccormack is credited as the 
moving spirit behind the new church building. in 
july, father brown from the juneau parish 
presented mccormack the cross of pope leo xiii 
and a certificate of merit from the holy see


signed by cardinal merry deval. it was the first 
decoration of its kind in alaska.
   the church was dramatically altered by father 
monroe, wrangell’s second resident priest. father 
monroe arrived in 1924 and rebuilt st. rose of lima 
church, adding a library, a heating plant, and a new 
priest’s quarters equipped with a room for parish 
meetings. monroe also dedicated himself to 
beautifying the church grounds. in june of 1939, at the 
age of 84, monroe retired to a seattle hospital. at the 
hospital, doctors had discovered monroe had broken 
his back in 1932 while working on the church. 
nonetheless, he continued to work at st. rose for 
another seven years. by the summer of 1931, the 
major remodeling had been accomplished at an 
estimated cost of $4,000. monroe continued detail 
changes in the interior of the church in 1932. he 
added pressed tin walls and ceiling along with 
wainscot under the windows. fr. monroe designed the 
interior and exterior changes himself as he worked 
alongside his help.
   through the years, diocesan clergy have served the 
parish of wrangell. in 1985, fr. gerard gottenbos, 
o.m.i., volunteered to the diocese to serve as pastor 
for st. rose of lima. through the efforts of bishop 
michael h. kenny, fr. gerard and the oblate 
conference of the united states, st. rose became a 
permanent mission of the missionary oblates of mary 
immaculate in 1990.
   the church remains basically unaltered since father 
monroe’s work in the 1930s. today, the st. rose of 
lima church, set back from the street on a large 
landscaped lot, contributes to the beauty of the 
community of wrangell. 



may 4, 1879







© 
saint rose of lima catholic church wrangell, alaska











email: jospamcbs@gmail.com














mass times
sunday mass: 
on the 1st, 2nd, 4th, or 5th sunday 
of the month mass will be at 11:00 
am & 5:30 pm on sunday.
on the 3rd sunday of the month we 
will have a 5:30 pm mass saturday 
night and an 8:30 am mass sunday 
morning before fr. jose leaves for 
petersburg.
most mondays and tuedays we will 
have daily mass at 7:25 am. if 
weather prevents the sunday 11:00 
am mass, fr. jose will fly over on 
the afternoon jet, and have 
adoration at 4:00 pm, confession 
and then a 5:30 pm mass. this will 
give us one definite morning mass 
if the weather issues continue.  
 
    all are welcome
  







may 4, 1879


p.o. box 469, 120 church street


wrangell, ak 99929


phone: 907-874-3771


cell # for fr. jose  907-723-2789



© saint rose of lima catholic church   wrangell, alaska





                               fr. jose thomas, parish priest










archdiocese of anchorage-juneau

the vatican

bulletin

old photos

renovation pics

insulation project

jubilee door

interior painting



donate

links









saint rose of lima
 catholic church



the st. rose of lima church is 
significant to state and local history 
because it represents the first 
catholic parish in the state of alaska. 
through the years the building has 
been modified, with major changes 
taking place in 1926. since then the 
church interior has not been 
significantly altered.    
   the church began when father john 
althoff, a newly ordained priest, 
accompanied by charles john 
seghers, bishop of victoria, 
vancouver island, arrived in wrangell 
in the spring of 1879. althoff, himself 
a craftsman, enlisted the aid of 
wrangell’s irish catholics and that 
year, they built the little church 
named st. rose of lima. in april of 
1898, st. rose of lima, in disrepair for 
a number of years, was torn down. 
father althoff only served three years 
in wrangell before he was transferred 
to the juneau parish. for the next 
twenty years, wrangell had no 
resident priest and the parish was 
served by priests who were stationed 
in juneau, douglas and ketchikan. 
even the bell, installed by father 
althoff in 1879, was taken to juneau 
and not returned until 1921.
   the catholics in wrangell, however, 
wanted a new church. they began 
soliciting donations for a building 
fund in january, 1908. in august of 
that year, contractor h.d. campbell 
hired the carpenters and work on the 
building began. more building 
supplies arrived that summer and by 
december the building was 
completed, financed entirely by 
donations. leo mccormack is credited 
as the moving spirit behind the new 
church building. in july, father brown 
from the juneau parish presented 
mccormack the cross of pope leo xiii 
and a certificate of merit from the 
holy see


signed by cardinal merry deval. it was 
the first decoration of its kind in 
alaska.
   the church was dramatically altered 
by father monroe, wrangell’s second 
resident priest. father monroe arrived 
in 1924 and rebuilt st. rose of lima 
church, adding a library, a heating 
plant, and a new priest’s quarters 
equipped with a room for parish 
meetings. monroe also dedicated 
himself to beautifying the church 
grounds. in june of 1939, at the age of 
84, monroe retired to a seattle 
hospital. at the hospital, doctors had 
discovered monroe had broken his 
back in 1932 while working on the 
church. nonetheless, he continued to 
work at st. rose for another seven 
years. by the summer of 1931, the 
major remodeling had been 
accomplished at an estimated cost of 
$4,000. monroe continued detail 
changes in the interior of the church 
in 1932. he added pressed tin walls 
and ceiling along with wainscot under 
the windows. fr. monroe designed the 
interior and exterior changes himself 
as he worked alongside his help.
   through the years, diocesan clergy 
have served the parish of wrangell. in 
1985, fr. gerard gottenbos, o.m.i., 
volunteered to the diocese to serve as 
pastor for st. rose of lima. through 
the efforts of bishop michael h. 
kenny, fr. gerard and the oblate 
conference of the united states, st. 
rose became a permanent mission of 
the missionary oblates of mary 
immaculate in 1990.
   the church remains basically 
unaltered since father monroe’s work 
in the 1930s. today, the st. rose of 
lima church, set back from the street 
on a large landscaped lot, contributes 
to the beauty of the community of 
wrangell. 



email: jospamcbs@gmail.com


















