london restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in london by diningguide
homeaboutcontactlondon restaurantsmobile versionadd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant dining search bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > london home pagelondon restaurantsrestaurant posts“spicy tadka indian restaurant”“spicy tadka indian restaurant and caterer in staines and basingstoke is a great place to …”posted by: spicy tadka“bursa kebap”“bursa kebap house hosts its visitors in its restaurants around the world in accordance wi…”posted by: bursa kebap“about pearl lemon cafe”“pearl lemon cafe is a premier coffee shop in london offering a cozy and creative environm…”posted by: pearl lemon caferestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“so cool!”non-member, reader - “this restaurant is definitely a sight to be seen and an exp…”said about: shaka zulu“must try restaurant”member, kal, london - “what a find in epsom. we have visited this restaurant on o…”said about: everest spice nepalese and indian restaurant“excellent restaurant”member, kal , london - “lovely food, excellent service, the lanm dish i had was e…”said about: everest spice nepalese and indian restaurantwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations")
welcome to metroguide.network's london diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan london, england.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find london restaurants by location or cuisine.

from pub grub to multi-course feasts worthy of the royals, london spills over with age-old tradition and newfound culinary trendiness. new menus, new fusion cuisines, and new chefs make names for themselves in england's capital, where the café culture embraces cuisines from more than 70 countries in some 6,000 restaurants and 5,000 pubs and bars. traditional english fare from fish and chips to kidney pie shows up in abundance, as do more refined refreshments such as fresh-baked scones with jams and clotted cream. some of europe's best cantonese eateries are in london, also a stronghold for indian fare along with french, italian, greek, japanese and thai dining. taking tea, often a meal in itself and a tradition for more than 150 years, occurs between 4 and 5:30 p.m., making dinner a late evening proposition, often even later at many ethnic restaurants. for many, tea at the ritz hotel's palm court (early booking recommended at any of three seatings) is the ultimate indulgence. pre-booking  is essential at brown's hotel, first opened by a former valet of lord byron, serving sandwiches and scones on wedgwood porcelain near a fireplace. food emporium fortnum & mason, in business since 1707, beckons with traditional tea, a champagne tea, or high tea at st. james's tearoom. at kensington palace (once a favored retreat of diana, princess of wales), tea includes fresh strawberries and double cream in season at the orangery, built by queen anne in 1705. dining options are particularly abundant in chinatown, soho, kensington and chelsea, and mayfair. aubergine is known for high end french fare in chelsea, whereas chelsea kitchen is known for far less inexpensive meals. kensington boasts admiral codrington's inexpensive continental cuisine, oyster bar's french cuisine, and clarke's british, irish and scottish dishes.  piccadilly hosts cork & bottle wine bar's international cuisine, the dumpling inn's chinese fare, and livebait's café fish with its moderate seafood. mayfair has mirabelle for french cuisine, momo for african fare, nobu for sushi, and noble rot for continental. wherever and whatever, portions tend to be smaller than found stateside, and tabs are likely to be comparatively stiff. sometimes (but not always), service charges are included on the bill, and if so must be stated by law. 

diningguide london is part of metroguide london, offering guides to events, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

london dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan london 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown london
restaurants on the strand, fleet street, covent garden and areas nearby 

·piccadilly to st. james
restaurants near piccadilly circus east to st. james.  includes leicester and trafalgar squares 

·soho
restaurants in london's eclectic soho section 

·knightsbridge & belgravia
restaurants near the home of harrod's, in knightsbridge, a fashionable top shopping district. restaurants in belgravia, south of knightsbridge, which rivals mayfair in splendor and aristocratic flair 

·southwest london
dining options in chelsea and surrounding areas 

·london airport - gatwick
dining options near london gatwick airport (lgw), 27 miles away from the city center, on the southern outskirts of the metropolitan area 

·mayfair
restaurants in areas in mayfair west of piccadilly circus 



·northwest london
dining options in the marylebone area, including restaurants in bloomsbury (home of the university of london), paddington and bayswater 

·greater london
dining options in the greater london area 

london dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanasianbritishchinesecontinentalenglishfine diningfrenchfusiongreekindianinternationalitalianjapanesemediterraneanpizzeriaseafoodspanishthai
to return to the diningguide london home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at london restaurantslondon fetish fair a fun friendly erotic and fetish fashion fair. there is no dress code but we encourage and welcome d… nightlife - adult theme the prodigal 020-7916 83602nd sun london fetish fair the world's longest running adult erotic fashion and bdsm market. dress code: street wear, fetish, t… miscellaneous shillibeer's 0207-916-83602nd sun pear shaped comedy cabaret an evening dedicated to the odd, unusual delightful and peculiar acts that make up the london and uk… nightlife - comedy turnmills top floor3rd mon « top of pageother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide new yorkmetroguide.network > diningguide > london home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide london are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractions



london restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritescamerinokasturilocale blackheathalastair littleporters english restaurantjoe allen'sblack lionorreryking's armspatterson's restaurantbombay palacemosaique restaurant & piano barmasala zonedockmasters indian restaurantmasala zone


