





home improvement & painting blog | paint sprayers, gear & more








































skip to content




amiwrench home improvement





×
menu













about the blog 
the amiwrench home improvement blog was started by maggy and ryan neto to help homeowners and diy enthusiasts with whatever projects they are undertaking. we have years of experience renovating a flipping houses / apartments, and wanted to bring our knowledge of the industry online to those who may not have easy access to helpful resources. maggy (mag) is a diehard painter, and loves anything to do with color pallets, interior painting, and decorating. ryan is all about the hands-on aspect of renovation, and loves nothing more than tearing down a house to the studs and rebuilding it into something beautiful.
we can’t wait for you to come on this journey with us, and hope that you find some useful takeaways from our blog!
— mag & ryan











 


pros & cons of using paint sprayers for projects 

 by magnetoaug 01, 2019  0 comment
 



pros and cons of using paint sprayers
when it comes to choosing equipment for your painting project, you are spoilt for choice. you can go for paint brushes or rollers that come in different sizes and forms to fit your purpose. you may also choose one of the paint sprayers. if the latter should be your option, you can maximize the benefits of using sprayers by being informed about their pros and cons.
the pros

vast surface in less time: unlike the slow strokes of a paintbrush or the cautious wheeling of a roller, paint sprayers don’t require you to keep moving back and forth. they are, thus, faster and allow the painter to cover a large surface in little time.
guaranteed smooth finish: paint sprayers do not leave behind lap marks as may be the case with a paintbrush.
precision: the paint puffs ejected by a sprayer can reach any corner of the surface being painted. the painter need not look out for unpainted patches when the bigger job is done.
one only coat: since spraying has greater chances of reaching every part of the surface, a single coat suffices to give that fine finish. nonetheless, a second coating does no harm.

of course, pros and cons do vary based on model, with some types of paint sprayers being better for certain projects than others. if you have a specific sprayer you think you’d like to buy, we suggest searching for some paint sprayer reviews online to be sure it will fit the job you need it to do.
the cons

expensive: purchasing a paint sprayer digs deeper into your pocket as compared to buying a paintbrush or a roller. additionally, spray painting consumes more paint than brush or roller painting.
wastes paint: especially if you opt for the compressed air sprayers, considerable volumes of paint may be lost between the applicator and the surface being painted. this means using more paint that would be needed if you opted for brush or roller painting.
weather sensitive: when painting the exterior of a house, a windy day may force you to postpone your painting project if you are using a sprayer. larger amounts of paint may be blown off the targeted surface by wild wind, leading to more wastage.
messy: even with the highly recommended airless paint sprayers, spraying is bound to send fine paint particles into the air and on the surrounding surfaces. in the end, it is easier to scrape the bigger drops from brush or roller painting than it is to clear the fine drops of a sprayer.
longer time to stick: sprayed paint may not stick on a surface as easily as that which is directly applied with a brush or roller. this explains why spray painting is sometimes followed with a roller to ensure good paint adhesion and an even finish.
extra work: spray painting necessary requires you to seal off entire surfaces which you don’t want to paint such as windows when you paint walls. this means extra work and resources. when a brush or roller is used, it is enough to only seal off the trims with masking tape.

making a choice
choose a paint sprayer if the painting project allows you to reap its benefits: less time consumed, a finer finish, and precision in application. steer clear of spray painting if you are trying to save on cost or don’t want the extra mess by paint sprayers.

 read more &#8594





 


5 tips for exterior painting projects 

 by magnetojun 03, 2019  0 comment
 



when you drive past a home and have the pull to stop and take a second look at its elegance, you do not just admire the home, you also appreciate the owner behind the well realized house painting project.
 
the exterior painting of a house reflects the owner’s personality and points to the interior beauty. when you plan to paint your house, therefore, bear in mind that you are telling the world about you and your home ambience. if giving a good picture of yourself and of your home is important to you, these 5 tips should guide your exterior house painting.
1. prepare your wall for adorning
to achieve the aforementioned grandeur that makes everyone stop to admire your home, curb the urge of getting straight to painting and being done with the job asap. instead, prepare your walls for outstanding painting by pressure washing them to remove dirt. additionally, use a hand scraper to rid your walls of loose old paint and sandpaper uneven spots. do not forget to fill any holes, joints, or cracks with caulk.
2. target dry and not wet weather
paint dries better in dry weather. fall rain and the winter humidity may cause your newly applied paint to stay wet for longer and eventually drip or run and sag at certain locations. that is no doubt a shoddy job and a waste of time and paint. choose summer and spring weather for finer results. even then, calmer and cooler days without wild wind and extreme sun heat are best.
3. prime for better results
a quality primer seals off old paint and creates a smooth and even surface for your new paint. latex primers are great on wood and vinyl. a masonry choice of primer is best on stucco or concrete blocks.
 
look out for directions on primer drying time on the can to ensure you allow the recommended period before proceeding with the top coating.
4. opt for exterior-fit paint
the best recommended paint for exterior painting is one that is 100% latex acrylic. the binders and pigments in this type of paint allows it to stick better on the wall and renders it more durable. as a general hint, super premium or premium labels are your endorsed choice.
follow your taste for color-choice. you may want to keep in mind the fact that no one will sue you if you reproduce the colors of a house you admire.
5. pair the roller and the sprayer
a perfect finish on exterior walls is achieved by combining the spray and roll options. experts recommend following your paint sprayer with a roller to ensure even distribution of paint. this is welcome news if having company while you work is your preference. a second spray-and-roll coating will give your wall a perfect final look.
some recommended preliminaries
before embarking on scraping, priming, and painting, spread scrap paper if you do not want paint on the ground or on any foliage below your exterior walls. it is indispensable to seal your windows and doors with plastic and firm it with masking tape before embarking on your painting project. your doors and windows are painted last.

 read more &#8594

 


categories

featured (1)

painting (2)











your own copyright text | designed with love by: sanyog shelar.









