







river hills community | luxury housing community in lake wylie, sc 





















































              home
            



              contact
            



                blog
              



                realtors 
              



              available homes
            



                faq
              



              community
            















              home
            



              contact
            



                blog
              



                realtors 
              



              available homes
            



                faq
              



              community
            





















lake wylie, south carolinathoughtfully designed, beautifully maintained, undeniably gorgeous 





there is no other community like river hills, a unique charlotte and rock hill-area neighborhood located in lake wylie, south carolina. designed and built by sea pines of hilton head, its abundant natural beauty and serenity are unmatched by surrounding communities. enjoy all the benefits of charlotte with the bonus of a secure, resort-like location, low south carolina taxes, and top-rated schools. river hills offers the perfect combination of outdoor living and southern lifestyle. 



photography by scott s. clinton












  the community  





river hills is a distinctive, gated community that features 24-hour private security and a staffed gate house. lush mature trees help frame river hills’ serene natural beauty, which is unmatched by any neighborhood in the greater charlotte area.





just a snippet of what river hills has to offer.   come home to a resort…  every day!



 













a preview of river hills’ charm starts with a drive up the magnolia-lined entrance road, complete with a greeting from the horses stabled at ymca camp thunderbird. security greets residents and visitors from the gate house as they enter the eight hundred-plus acre neighborhood.



nearly 1,100 homes and a championship golf course blend into this park-like setting of rolling hills, well-established tree canopy, and lake vistas. homes offered for sale inside the gates range in style and value, from affordable condominiums and patio homes to lakefront estates. 













securityriver hills residents live with security and peace of mind knowing that added precautions have been taken to protect their families and homes, preserving the serenity of their neighborhood. the 24-hour staffed gate house and patrolling officers act as a deterrent and keep the neighborhood safe from outside intrusions and incidents. officers extend a warm greeting to visitors and are helpful throughout the neighborhood and lake wylie community.













country clubthe river hills country club is a center of social activity for the community, with residents enjoying one of several types of membership tier options. this private club features a top-rated, willard byrd-designed, 18-hole golf course that takes advantage of the natural terrain found in river hills. additional amenities include a racquet facility featuring 10 tennis courts (8 clay and 2 hard) and 6 pickle ball courts, 3 swimming pools, a fitness center, and full-service dining facilities.













community gardencommunity garden plots are available for the resident garden enthusiast. our climate allows for year-round and seasonal opportunities for growing fruits, vegetables, and flowers.













marina clubour year-round, full-service marina is proud to be certified green. it features 209 covered slips, a ship store, and a galley snack shop. with membership, it's easy and fun to keep your boat right near your home!













playgroundthe centrally located playground offers something for everyone. there is playground equipment suitable for both toddlers and elementary age children; including swings, slides, and climbing structures. a full size basketball court provides additional recreation opportunities for all ages. 













dog parkthe resident-maintained park is open from dawn to dusk for the entertainment of our furry friends. residents gather for "yappy hour" daily at 4:00pm to meet other dog owners for doggy playgroup.













southpoint beach parklocated on the water's edge of lake wylie, the park is made up of over 3 acres of protected land. there are plenty of picnic tables, swings, and benches to enjoy the view of the lake. additionally, there is a shelter with barbecue grills, a sandy beach, stocked fire pits, playground equipment, and restrooms. southpoint park is available for resident use year-round.













community association officethe river hills community association office functions as the community’s town hall. this office is fully staffed and operated by the homeowners’ association and works in conjunction with the community’s elected representatives. the association manages the day-to-day operations, the community infrastructure and landscaping, architectural review details, communications, and organizes neighborhood events (such as food trucks, car shows, ice cream socials, and many holiday celebrations).

 










lake wylie, greater charlotte area 



  

river hills(803) 831-8214 



165 heritage drivelake wylie, south carolina29710

 
   

  












greater lake wylie area













award winning clover school districtwith almost 9,000 students, the district is the third largest in the county behind rock hill and fort mill. home to some of the state’s most academic students, the district boasts seven elementary schools, two middle schools, one ninth grade campus, one high school, and an alternative academy.













ymca camp thunderbirdymca camp thunderbird, located just outside the river hills main entrance gate, is a camp for boys and girls aged 6-15. it provides the ideal backdrop for trying new things, making new friends, and having good old-fashioned fun.













daniel stowe botanical gardenjust minutes away in neighboring belmont, north carolina, daniel stowe provides 110 acres of breathtaking gardens. it features orchid displays, children’s areas, a dry piedmont prairie, annual and perennial displays, many water features, and several special events throughout the year.













river hills / lake wylie emsthe river hills / lake wylie emergency squad is a source of pride for community residents. two ambulances are stationed at the squad training center, located at the river hills entrance. the crew is both 911 and heli-ambulance linked, operating 24 hours a day / 7 days a week. the river hills / lake wylie ems program is privately funded through individual donations and support from the river hills lions club.













csd community ymcahome to two heated indoor swimming pools and an outdoor water park, csd community ymca is perfect for making a splash! it also features multiple exercise rooms, an indoor track, yoga and pilates studios, and racquetball courts. 













us national whitewater centerwith over 1,300 acres of protected land, the u.s. national whitewater center in charlotte creates the perfect environment for more than 30 different recreational activities. it contains 50 miles of trail for hiking and biking, sits on the catawba river and long creek for canoeing and paddle boarding, and has rapids and ziplines for more adventurous entertainment. 











follow us!
































































































back to top
 

river hills 165 heritage drive, lake wylie, sc 29710803-831-8214 

 







