

irene clark : new york artist


















although i am a born and bred new yorker, since childhood i have been engrossed with nature. 
i began my connection as a dauntless five year old raspberry harvester. 
in my life as an artist i have filled many different series of paintings, prints, frescoes, and artist books about and 
with selected subjects and specimens gleaned from nature. my works concerning the natural world include the 
earth as well as beyond this universe. throughout my studies in geology, anthropology, egyptology, and 
environmental sciences, i have sought to expand the artistic statements and formal aspects of my work while 
always keeping the vision of unifying art and science a primary focus. my scientific path of enquiry also 
includes studies of several of the new sciences including the theory of morphic resonance. 

my paintings have travelled around the world to be on exhibit in seven united states embassies, 
always in politically hot climates such as egypt, yemen, panama, and ethiopia. 
the three large attached fresco sculptures were shown at the world conference for women in 
china and are currently on line at the world’s women on line .
recently i exhibited chullpa , 
a large multimedia work at musee du pays et val de charmey, switzerland. 

my life has taken two clear tracks of artistry. as a performing dancer i have always been fascinated 
with the body in motion .although i am trained in several techniques, ballet is the primary form for me as 
well as my passion. currently i have turned to argentine tango for a similar (but never equal!) allure 
in that dance of elusive fascination. it was inevitable that my drawings would study the figure in motion. 
that would include of course not only the human figure but many of nature’s own figures. 

as a city slicker i had the opportunity to become an organic gardener long before it became fashionable. 
i have published several articles on the web. sadly the company has been bought several times, and so 
my work is in cyberspace. i have taught gardening as well, and i am the designer of a new rock garden 
soon to be installed in union square park. for more information, visit 
www.cityrockeries.org

 



contact me at irene@ireneclark.net

 


magenta sun, 42 x 12”
oil & mixed media on prepared paper with brass foil edges



 

 

 



 

 

all content on this site, copyright © 2009, irene clark








about irene

quantum entanglement

multiverse

solar series

oil paintings

monotypes

frescoes

sacred sleep

landscapes

wolves

watercolors

mixed media

floral
etchings

tango

public art

garden design

upcoming events

city rockeries

instruction

irene's blog

home







