











soho rochester - we help small businesses & entrepreneurs connect.







































skip to main content 



toggle navigation



get free tickets
 
this event is on hiatus.
join us for rochester's most comprehensive networking event for small businesses, startups, & entrepreneurs

get free tickets
reserve your booth







soho rochesterstarts in



--
days


--
hours


--
minutes


--
seconds





 #growwithsoho
				    		










this event is on hiatus.
soho rochester is an annual conference that brings together the upstate new york’s most passionate members of the small business and entrepreneurial community including founders, investors, and emerging leaders to build community, start conversation, and provide inspiration.






































help us spread the word!



























who attends?
the small business show - soho rochester brings together decision-makers from small businesses, with a hundred of fewer employees, from a variety of practices and professions. who should attend? any small business owner, entrepreneur, or startup working to: put an idea into action, get inspiration from industry leaders, connect with potential collaborators, manage an effective team, or understand the trends affecting the future of their industry.






get tickets



attendees will see over 100 display booths with a variety of companies providing products, services and resources to small businesses. not only that, there are a variety of free presentations on small business topics and there's an opportunity to network with other attendees.
to top it off, it's all free, so don't miss out.
to download the ticket click below, print as many as you need.

grab yours now!







exhibit here



here's an opportunity to network with decision-makers from over 600 small buisnesses and entrepreneurs. for 16 years, soho rochester has proven to be an infinitely valuable resource small businesses and entrepreneurs to network, gather leads, and find a variety of business opportunities. not only can this jumpstart your business to the next level, but it's the only show in all of upstate new york to cater to small businesses.

request a booth!





 


presented & produced by:






				follow @sohorochester













protected with geo protection plugin

