


willem's worldwide webpage











willem's worldwide webpage
















domestic affairs











me, myself and i







career profile







my blog at i-am.ws





    i started this site way back in 1995, the middle ages of internet time.
    
    originating from amsterdam and after four years in singapore, i'm now living in
    calgary, close to the canadian rockies. first working for sun microsystems, now for cisco systems and spending the weekends exploring the outdoors.
    
    after a past of industrial automation and building b2b websites, i'm currently a
    consulting systems engineer, specialized in cisco ucs.
    



sharing it










where are you







goggles for your camera







grab the stuff





    to share or not to share ... that's the question. which isn't a big issue overhere.
    lots of stuff on this site is "take it if you like it".
    however my gps moving maps software is shareware.
    it's a windows application that taps on online mapping to show you exactly where you are.
    



nightlife










rubber sheeting







world according to garp







png format & tools







the png test-suite







black next







ucs layout





    some people peak in the morning, but my internal clock
    dictates that the best results come after 10 pm. what follows here
    are the results of those night-shifts.
    
    starting  in the eighties with a bbc micro, i switched in 1992 to a
    nextstation color and nowadays i'm a linux centos person.
    garp, a program originating on the bbc, is an example of how computers can
    support other hobbies, like in this case cartography.
    
    over the years i worked a lot on the
    png,
    the graphics format, which is lossless, very compact and supports
    alpha and gamma. pnmtopng and pamtopng, written by alex lehmann and me, converts
    png-images to and from the versatile pbmplus formats. the most popular
    part of my site is pngsuite, a set of test-images for png developers.
    
    one of the more recent skunkwork software development projects i've done is a
    rack layout tool for cisco ucs and other network and storage gear.
    you can find it at ucs4.us/ucs/layout.
    



just do it










biking the pyrenees







high in the rockies







 winter camping in june





    my wife fiona and i love the outdoors. and we were able to explore the national parks
    in many parts of the world. travel with us to those spots, ranging from
    new zealand or
    sumatra to the
    negev desert.
    
    now that we are living in one of the best parts of the world for
    trekking and hiking, you can expect here both sunny and snowy pictures
    of the canadian west.
    



good old friends










met dank aan de bb





    well, you know who you are.
    



to be continued










beep ...





    please leave a message if you have any comments, or when you want to know more.
    suggestions are always welcome, criticism only sometimes
    .
    








 willem van schaik, calgary, 1995-2017 

 http://www.schaik.com/wwwillem.html 






