










kimball high school class of 1966 homepage















click the links below to access our web site


















 this web site best viewed in 1024 x 768 or higher resolution with browser set to smaller fonts



great news, we now have the location for our 50th reunion. the site for the friday and saturday night events, as well as the host hotel, will be the embassy suites - dfw airport north outdoor world in grapevine.
many of you will know this hotel as the embassy suites next door to bass pro shops outdoor world. the street address is 2401 bass pro drive, grapevine, tx 76051. you can link to the hotel here, if you want to check it out.
we have a limited number of rooms (10) set aside for khs’66 50th reunion guests, so please contact the hotel directly for available rooms, first come-first serve. the hotel phone number is 972-724-2600.
details are still being worked out as to what the event fees will be, but be assured, the amounts will be minimum and hard-negotiated for your consideration and your enjoyment.
there are also plenty of hotel options in the area from popular price to upgrades for classmates coming into town and staying over for the 50th reunion.
everybody is invited to participate in 2016 reunion planning activities, either in person or by submitting ideas and comments via e-mail or telephone. gary spurlock has joined danny hammontree in the search for lost and missing classmates, and as of now we have located all by less than 80, which means we have found more than 90% of our classmates since we began this search in 2000. danny and gary are making great progress, but it gets tougher the closer we get to 100%, so if you know of any missing classmates, whose names appear on one of the two special pages of our website at classmatesmissingal or classmatesmissingmz, then please let us know, and let them know that we would like to contact them and invite them to participate in the 45th reunion and all other class activities before and after the next big party.
contact info for those they can reach to update their contact info is as follows (names are linked to their e-mail addresses):bob mccomas - 469-387-0877danny hammontree - 214-683-6143gary spurlock - 972-617-1155michael gaddy - 704-975-4651marc mccord - 214-998-4922 

in the on-going effort to keep up with classmates our web site is in constant need of new information in the form of news about what is happening in the lives of classmates, personal biographies, deceased classmates and teachers, as well as anything else that is of interest to the class of 1966. many of you have sent personal biographies and added your contact information to our web site in the past few months, and we would love to have more of our classmates become a part of our on-line community.

info can be sent via e-mail to marc mccord at canoeman@canoeman.com for inclusion on the web site. after nearly 18 years on-line, there have been no reported stalkings, killings, injuries or other harm to anybody who has shared personal information through our class web site. it is as safe as milk!
 

starting before the 40th reunion our lost classmates research team was led by danny hammontree and walter stierhoff, both of whom did an amazingly spectacular job of locating our friends who seemed to be forever lost. gary spurlock has replaced walter on that team, and those guys are not missing a beat. in fact, we have now located well over 90% of all classmates, and even discovered some duplications and name errors that show our class was actually slightly smaller than we believed. several "atta boys" are due to danny, walter and gary for the superb job they have been doing for the past several years, so be sure to thank them whenever you see them or talk with them. 
the following list of classmates is of those we have not located and for whom we have no contact information. ladies' married names are in parenthesis following their birth names. if you can assist in locating any of these, then please contact  gary spurlock at gary spurlock (phone: 972-617-1155). 

winford virgil becton, jr.robert l. bentlerobert (bob) jerome bourlandharold david burris, jr.linda diane chandlerlydia clarklinda clayton (montoya)sandra gayle collins (rogers)deborah kathleen coston (clark)linda jean couch (watson)janis ruth cummings (hale)sandra earline eschrichgary hoyl furrpatricia gail georgejudy carol gloverlinda goochrobert aaron gracebobby owen grahamronald joseph hallglenda sue harrisjanice lorraine harrisnona kay hatley (welch)mari jadean heath (sullivan)linda sue hector (patterson)garry hemphilltrudy ann henry (vaughn)robert sherman hoopswallace dean hortonbobby glenn irbypatti gail james (sledz)
glenda jo jamespeggy annette koch (kean)leonard thurman lewis, iiidaniel manrriquezkenneth leon millerruth catherine morrison (sewell)thomas c. murrayelaine kay nelson (gruver)don alvin nipperjames thomas nowellelizabeth ann owen (ross)charlotte jean petersonanthony tucker pratherwilburn o. "nick" pritchett, jr.beverly elizabeth rennersamuel richard sanders
melton tommy shoemake, jr.diana lynn sieglermary sue simmonsbarbara stephens (hembey)john edward thompsonjackie lynn turpin (arriola)don p. vancepeggy waggonerlinda gail wallsharon ann watson
cynthia ann wilson (wiler? / coker?)kaye wood (hunter)stephen leslie woodgeorge albert woodson

khs66.org is your web site! it features news about classmates and events of special interest to our class in the "news and events" section. you can have phone numbers and/or e-mail addresses listed in the "contact list" section so others can reach you. if you want to share a personal bio about your life since 1966, then that can be added to the "classmates' web pages" section. "cupid's corner" lists classmates who married other kimballites, even if they were in different classes. deceased classmates and teachers are featured in the "knights of valhalla" section. if you have a personal or business web site and want it listed so others can find it, then we will feature it in the "links" section. the "discussion board" has been removed from lack of interest.


this page designed, created and maintained bymarc w. mccord dba cobragraphicsoctober 14, 2000 


copyright © 2000-2025, marc w. mccord dba cobragraphics. all rights reserved. cobragraphics is an exclusive tradename and trademark of marc w. mccord dba cobragraphics. the textual, graphic, audio, and audio/visual material in this site is protected by united states copyright law and international treaties. you may not copy, distribute, or use these materials except for your personal, non-commercial use. any trademarks are the property of their respective owners. all original photographic images are the exclusive property of marc w. mccord or other designated photographers and may not be copied, duplicated, reproduced, distributed or used in any manner without prior written permission under penalty of us and international laws and treaties.

last updated january 21, 2025 
