









cayo espanto private island | luxury belize resorts | caribbean vacations






































































































































910-323-8355
book now/availability
 


villas

events


experience

dining
activities
spa


gallery
about

health and safety
belize
getting to cayo espanto
helicopter transfer


calendar

rates


offers

gift certificate


brochure
contact





menu


menu

 






“heaven exists!! we found it in cayo espanto!”
claire and ori
“there are many, many beautiful places in this world – but very few this special.”
pat & george
“this is the most relaxing vacation we have ever had.”
stephanie and rick
“cayo espanto – you are a true island paradise!”
the heads
“paradise! what an incredible place!”
richard & lisa
previousnext123456




cayo espanto private island
your luxurious private island belize resort in the caribbean. experience our resort’s ultimate privacy and 5-star service.
discover your own private island at cayo espanto, belize, where paradise and luxury come together as one. our five-star, world class resort offers travelers the best life has to offer. we invite you to spend your evenings enchanted and your days engulfed in the caribbean waters that surround each private villa. located three miles off the coast of san pedro, belize, cayo espanto is truly an unforgettable private island retreat.

view gallery
villas
all of cayo espanto’s premium villas are seafront and on the beach with private pools.
view villas
view villas
experience cayo espanto private island




dining
all-inclusive, award-winning 5-star world-class cuisine tailored to each guests’ tastes.

read more



activities
tailor a custom excursion including scuba diving, fishing, mainland adventure tours and private luxury yacht tours.

read more



spa
relax and rejuvenate with spa treatments in your private oasis, including massages, facials and spa therapies.

read more




cayo espanto
a private island

reservations
gift certificate
awards
news
testimonials
  


© cayo espanto: a private island 2025 | all rights reserved | privacy policy cayo espanto private island vacation resort, san pedro, belize, toll free: 1-888-666-4282 
facebookxyoutubeinstagramflickrpinterest






scroll to top





2025 packages from $6995 per couple all inclusive

book your stay today




			x			























































