












florida retina institute, retina specialists in florida & georgia



































   
 clinical trials & research
 
 continuous care program

  request an appointment 
 new patient forms

  patient portal
 
 online bill pay









 








about


our practice


history & philosophy


blog & news


publications & presentations


employee recognition


employee spotlight


management team


careers




associations & affiliations

medical & retinal societies


hospital affiliations




in the community


community involvement


charitable events


mission trips






for patients 

for our patients
 
 continuous care program

covid-19

 telemedicine
patient portal
no surprise act notice
patient forms
participating insurances
patient testimonials


research

what are clinical trials?
upcoming studies
enrolling in a study
completed studies
 research in the news



patient education

educational videos
frequently asked questions
fun eye facts





our doctors  meet our doctorsthomas a. barnard, md thalmon r. campagnoli, md
matthew a. cunningham, md, fasrs kyle s. fallgatter, md
s.k. steven houston iii, md, fasrs
abdallah m. jeroudi, md nisarg p. joshi, md jaya b. kumar, md, fasrs luis g. leã³n-alvarado, md
elias c. mavrofrides, md
raul j. moreno, md
tomas a. moreno, md
james a. staman, md
jonathan a. staman, md
benjamin j. thomas, md



services


retinal diseases

retinal detachment
diabetic retinopathy
vitreous & macular surgery
laser procedures
macular degeneration
retinal vein occlusion
pediatric retina



diagnostic tests

fluorescein angiography
optical coherence tomography
ultrasound



 
locations
 
central florida


clermont


daytona beach


kissimmee


lady lake


lake mary


mount dora


orange city

orlando

palm coast

titusville
 
wildwood
 
 
north florida

fernandina beach
fleming island
jacksonville oak street
jacksonville perimeter park
lake city
palatka
st. augustine

 
georgia

brunswick
waycross





for physicians
 
referring physician maps

central florida
north florida
georgia

 continuing education 
upcoming events
past events



 
contact

















                                        welcome to
                                    

                                      florida retina institute
                                    




                                      providing excellence in 
                                    

                                       vitreo-retinal diseases and surgery
                                    




the retina specialists you tell
                                    

 your friends and family about
                                    


















 

florida retina institute


                                           founded by james a. staman, md in 1979, florida retina institute has 20 locations throughout central florida, north
												florida, and southeast georgia.
we are proud to announce that our 20th location is now open at freedom plaza in wildwood, florida, marking this our second presence in the villages, lady lake area.

our retina specialists focus on the highest quality patient care and best individual treatment plans, applying the latest advances and most sophisticated methods in
	vitreoretinal medicine.
florida retina instituteâ® excellence in vitreo-retinal diseases and surgery for over 45 years.

  read more     


















central florida addition








thalmon r. campagnoli, md









north florida addition









kyle s. fallgatter, md








now scheduling appointments for dr. thalmon campagnoli and dr. kyle fallgatter!
it is our honor to introduce you to two esteemed vitreo-retinal surgeons and specialists in the treatment and research of vitreo-retinal diseases and surgery, dr. thalmon campagnoli and dr. kyle fallgatter, who will be joining florida retina institute in september! their arrival marks a significant enhancement to our team of doctors and our commitment to exceptional patient care. please schedule your appointment today and experience advanced vitreo-retinal care in florida and georgia!
dr. campagnoli and dr. fallgatter are now available and seeing patients!























































excellence in vitreo-retinal diseases and surgery
florida retina institute new location news












florida retina institute kissimmee at the loop medical and professional office park, is located between dyer blvd. and ball park road, and only minutes from john young parkway and west osceola parkway.
 please click here to schedule your appointment at our location in kissimmee, florida.









florida retina institute fernandina beach is located off amelia island parkway and jamestown road, close to via del rey road and buccaneer trail. it is close to the fernandina beach golf club, the amelia river club and the fernandina beach municipal airport.
 please click here to schedule your appointment at our location in fernandina beach, florida.









florida retina institute wildwood is located at sr 44 east gulf atlantic highway, within freedom plaza of wildwood, close to the brownwood hotel & spa and publix super market at grand traverse plaza.
 please click here to schedule your appointment at our new location in wildwood, florida.










earning your trust and confidence
top doctors. top education. top hospitals.











                                                        our team of doctors 
central florida




from top left to bottom right: 
																  nisarg p. joshi, md; thalmon r. campagnoli, md; luis g. leã³n-alvarado, md;
matthew a. cunningham, md, fasrs; s.k. steven houston iii, md, fasrs;  
jaya b. kumar, md, fasrs; elias c. mavrofrides, md; and thomas a. barnard, md.  









  recognized as 2024 castle connollyâ® regional top doctorsâ®
the best-in class, peer-nominated healthcare providers representing the top 7% of all u.s. practicing physicians. when choosing a healthcare provider, patients look for the trusted castle connolly name. the official top doctor directory: choosing with confidence.








                                                        our team of doctors 
north florida & georgia





from top left to bottom right:  kyle s. fallgatter, md; raul j. moreno, md; tomas a. moreno, md; benjamin j. thomas, md; abdallah m. jeroudi, md; james a. staman, md; and jonathan a. staman, md.














here for you!



to schedule your appointment or for questions about your upcoming appointment, please do not hesitate to contact us or call our office and speak with one of our staff members.











what our patients say
positively vision focusedâ„¢

















my experience was very positive. dr. barnard was very thorough and answered all of my questions and the staff were all very professional and pleasant.









                                                       thomas a. barnard, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, titusville dr. thomas barnard





the doctor was friendly and took his time to explain my diagnosis to me.









                                                           matthew a. cunningham, md, fasrs
                                                        





patient testimonial, lake marydr. matthew cunningham





i want to thank dr. houston and his staff there. the care was excellent and i was very pleased with everything.









                                                           s.k. steven houston iii, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, kissimmeedr. steven houston





a most excellent experience. very professional and extremely friendly. glad the va sent me there.









                                                           abdallah m. jeroudi, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, palm coastdr. abdallah jeroudi





when i arrived i was stressed. the staff immediately made me feel calm and comfortable. it was a pleasant experience with the staff and especially dr. kumar.









                                                           jaya b. kumar, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, daytona beachdr. jaya kumar





the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. dr. mav was amazing! very patient, kind and attentive. i'm very happy that he is taking care of my son!









                                                           elias c. mavrofrides, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, orlandodr. elias mavrofrides





the 2nd opinion was very easy for my mom to understand.









                                                           raul j. moreno, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, brunswickdr. raul moreno





all individuals involved in my care from the front office to dr. moreno were professional, kind, and compassionate, and patient with my questions. i felt secure and confident in the care given by dr. moreno and his staff.









                                                           tomas a. moreno, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, waycrossdr. tomas moreno





this was my first experience for this type of eye care. dr. james staman made my visit and treatment a pleasant one. going forward i would highly recommend florida retina institute to family and friends. thanks again for taking such good care of me!









                                                           james a. staman, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, jacksonvilledr. james staman





the staff was very interactive with conversations throughout the entire visit which made for a pleasurable visit.









                                                           jonathan a. staman, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, lake citydr. jonathan staman





amazing experience. efficient operation and amazing level of care.









                                                           benjamin j. thomas, md
                                                        





patient testimonial, fleming islanddr. benjamin thomas












     our doctors on a mission

































                                                                ace advanced center for eyecare global





                                                                himalayan cataract project 





                                                                center for the visually impaired 





                                                                lighthouse of central florida 





                                                                georgia lions lighthouse foundation





                                                                foundation fighting blindness 





                                                                the eye health institute





                                                                vision is priceless 
















from mission trips, to community involvement to charitable events.


we are here for you!















clinical research and trials











about clinical trials
upcoming studies     




telemedicine











about your virtual appointment
how it works     




patient education











educational videos
in english and spanish     















top doctors.










top education.










top hospitals.












   20 locations

 
 throughout florida and georgia

 


   jacksonville and georgia 800.237.3846  | daytona beach 800.555.6590    lake mary and orlando 877.357.3846


 





  central florida
 clermont
daytona beach
kissimmee
lady lake
lake mary
mount dora
orange city
orlando
palm coast
titusville wildwood

 north florida
fernandina beach
fleming island
jacksonville oak street
jacksonville perimeter park
lake city
palatka
st. augustine

 georgia
brunswick
waycross

 mondays - fridays: 8am to 5pm
 saturdays - sundays: closed
 in case of emergency: 911
 contact@floridaretinainstitute.com








 
   copyright   ©  2025 florida retina instituteâ®. all rights reserved. accessibility statement / cookies and privacy policy / notice of privacy practices / disclaimer / site map








excellence in vitreo-retinal diseases and surgery since 1979


 

  
all pages of this website are protected by  ©  copyright 2025 florida retina instituteâ®. florida retina instituteâ® and positively vision focusedâ„¢ logo and phrase are registered trademarks of florida retina instituteâ®. copying of this site strictly prohibited. this website is provided solely as an informational resource including medical information or information relating to medical services and clinical testing of drugs. it is not intended to serve as medical advice, represent or warrant the efficacy, safety, appropriateness for a particular purpose or the likelihood of any drug or medical product.

we use cookies to understand how you use our website and to improve your experience, show relevant, personalized content and ads, provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. by viewing our site, you accept our use of cookies. we encourage you to read our hipaa notice of privacy practices and privacy policy and cookie policy.
 





























