

canadian music artists - promotion, production, and audio samples














  














 










free music promotion

                  if you are a canadian music artist, composer, songwriter, band 
                  or dj, simply , fill out our quick form and as soon 
                  as your entry is approved, it will be updated to our canadain music artists 
                  listings, and our sites visitors will be clicking through to 
                  your webpage url in search of great canadian music.
                  









music production articles

 creating 
                  a demo tape
choosing 
                  the right kick drum for your song
low, 
		    high, and band pass filters
10 
                  tips to producing a good song  
producing sound with 
		    computer recording equipment
editing 
                  samples 
exporting 
                  tracks from fruityloops
studio 
                  tips
dj 
                  tips & tricks
tips 
                  on percussion

free audio samples









just for visiting our site we are giving you "foundations 
                  vol. 1 - music production samples" to download at no 
                  cost. thats 50 free high quality sound samples from this collection 
                  to download in .wav format. there is no sign-up or e-mail needed, 
                  so what are you waiting for. 
                  download these free .wav samples now
bonus samples:
10 free one-shot wav kick drum samples


featured articles

furniture for 
                  your recording studio
                    furniture solutions for your home recording studio. exploring 
                    all aspects of whats needed to furnish your studio space.
                  all 
                    aspects of independent cd production
                    it's possible to produce an independent cd that has a professional 
                    look, with proper printing, choice of jewel cases, burn speed 
                    and design, your productions will sell better than ever! also 
                    a good tip on how to get around using shrink wrap on your 
                    cd cases. 
                  basics 
                    for a home recording studio
                    here are the five basic essentials that you will need to get 
                    your home recording studio up and running, and some general 
                    advice on features to look for in audio recording equipment 
                    including: studio reference monitors, audio software, midi 
                    controllers, and soundcards.

                    the flanger effect 
                    there are countless effects out on the market that help mold, 
                    shape, and totally distort your sound. but today i'm going 
                    to tell you a little bit about, one of the more popular, and 
                    commonly used effects, the flanger effect. 
reverb 
                    tutorial
                    what reverb is, where to use reverb in your songs, and tips 
                    when applying a reverb effect to a track. 
how 
                    to set up and record vocals 
                    this article explains how to set up, and record vocals. the 
                    equipment that you need to get started, and some recording 
                    techniques.
intro to home 
                    audio (basics) - part 1
                    this guide answers alot of home audio questions for anyone 
                    struggling with home entertainment center or just simply trying 
                    to hook up that old amplifier and set of speakers

share on : 



 



















 


















