




drum tips - 2000+ drum tips for drums, drumset and percussion. a jam-packed 
drum lessons resource.








drum 
          tips · tricks · drum 
          lessons · 
          secrets · quotes





over 
          2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!


welcome to drumtips.com. 
            the "super site" of drum tips!
click here for the tips 
            and lessons our visitors have contributed.
drum forum  •  gifts 
            for drummers  •  drum 
            links  •  tips 
            index 








 





 



web

drumtips.com















 to search 
          this page, press "ctrl f" on your keyboard. 
» submit tips







1. use a can of compressed air to 
                  get the dust out of those hard to reach places like in-between 
                  lugs and under the foot pedals of your drums. 
2. drum teachers: use flash cards 
                  as part of your drum lessons to help your students learn note 
                  values, dynamic markings, etc. you can make them yourself on 
                  3 x 5 index cards.
3. have a "don't forget" list for all your instruments and related drum gear. be sure 
                  to include such things as extra drum heads, drum sticks, mics 
                  and mic cables, metronome, duct tape, etc. this list will help 
                  you to never have one of those gut-wrenching moments when you 
                  realize you left something at home 2 hours away.


 


 


drummer 
                        t-shirts
drum 
                        accessesories
drum 
                        stickers
drum 
                        jewelry




custom 
                  imprinted drumsticks with your artwork


4. listen to "all" styles of music. this boosts your creativity on the drums and makes you more 
                  aware of how to approach these styles if you ever confront them 
                  in your band.
5. for dried up duct tape residue on your cymbals or drum stands, invest in a bottle of "goo 
                  gone". this stuff is amazing (and even smells good!).
6. teaching drums is an excellent 
                  motivator. you'll learn a lot and your students will constantly 
                  keep you challenged during their lessons. when you're able to 
                  articulate your point about any given subject, it's then that 
                  you truly understand it. when you're ready, consider offering 
                  drum lessons to beginner students. you'll grow, learn, and get 
                  better at teaching. good drum teachers are in demand!
7. play "heel up" on the bass 
                  drum for more power and speed. the heel down bass drum technique 
                  will work but requires a bit more effort. also, it's easier 
                  to play heel up technique with quick drum fills. 


free 
                        drum lessons
check 
                        out the drums database with 
                        links
                        to over 500 free drum lessons and tabs.

drumsticks 
                        with your name
get 
                        your very own personalized
                        drumsticks with your name on them!


8. books: there are many good drum 
                  method books that are not out in the limelight but are brilliantly 
                  written with top notch drum lessons. they may not be published 
                  through warner brothers or hal leonard, but the content is still 
                  top notch. check out magazine reviews in drum publications, 
                  the web, etc. for independent book publishers.
9. gaffers tape: ever hear people 
                  talk about "gaffers tape" and wonder what they're 
                  referring to? although it is similar to duct tape, gaffers tape 
                  leaves no residue on your drums, is a bit thicker and easier 
                  to tear. it's also considerably more expensive. 
drumtips.com - for 
                  1000's of tips on everything drums!
10. the library: don't forget your 
                  local library as a rich resource of information about 
                  drums, drumset, and overall drumming and percussion (cds, reference books, music history, etc.).
11. soundproofing: to truly soundproof 
                  a drum room, you must create air channels between wall layering. 
                  we will be describing this in more detail later.
12. warming up before a gig. this 
                  is terribly underestimated. spend 20 to 30 minutes warming up 
                  with drum 
                  rudiments and related sticking exercises. practice them 
                  with music playing through a walkman. it's a great motivator 
                  and you'll be very loose when you get ready to play.
13. drum set 101: it's a bit of 
                  a misconception that you always need a drumset to work out drum 
                  licks or patterns. one can still have an effective practice 
                  by playing in the air (air drums) and/or tapping on their legs. 
                  the main idea is to go through the motions so you form some 
                  amount of muscle memory. 
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips, drum secrets, drum tricks, drum fills, or drum 
                  lessons with us!
                  if you play drums and have a special drum tip, we welcome your 
                  submission.
14. use your band's board tape to know 
                  what to practice and clean up. sometimes you'll be surprised 
                  to learn that the drum fill you're so proud of in a particular 
                  tune, may in fact not be coming out right. try to practice drums 
                  as cleanly as possible.
15. monitor mixes: try to get a 
                  "medium" volume from your sound guy. you can then 
                  go down or up from there. low volume mixes will help you play 
                  softer if necessary. mixes that are too loud can not only be 
                  physically harmful to your ears but they can sometimes cause 
                  confusion.

16. have a "don't forget" 
                  list for packing up your drums before you head out the door. 
                  this works!! type it out on your pc (o.k., your mac) and maybe 
                  laminate it. you can keep this in your stick bag as well to 
                  make sure you have everything before you leave for your gig. 
17. a typical latin rhythm section would include three percussionists. a bongocero (bongo player), 
                  conguero (conga player), and a timbalero (timbale player). each 
                  percussionist plays a vital role in the groove as well as the 
                  dynamics of a band. these three musicians stay in constant sync 
                  with each other.




drum 
                        tabs 


drum 
                        videos


drum 
                        forum 



18. check your form: often times 
                  existing problems on drumset stem from the most unsuspecting 
                  origins. are you hitting the drums straight up and down? are 
                  you too far back on the stick? are you too close to the bass 
                  drum? do you lean in when you play drum fills?
19. song form: have a thorough understanding 
                  of song form (ex: aaba or vs, vs, ch, vs) so that you can more 
                  easily navigate the music and know where you are at all times 
                  in the chart. 
19. use the web! the internet has 
                  become a tremendous source of information over the last 20 years. 
                  it can be used for finding drum 
                  lessons, drum teachers, drum fills, drum shops, drum links 
                  directories, artist pages, manufacturers' sites, drum clinic 
                  dates, and even drum forums and newsgroups covering just about 
                  every drums and percussion subject you can imagine.

20. stick twirling: a terrific form 
                  of showmanship for a drummer. and now easily easily accessible 
                  through steve stockmal's book and dvd, "drumstick spinology: 
                  how to spin drumsticks". don't just play the drums but 
                  spin those drumsticks! famous drummers from gene krupa on up 
                  made use of drumstick spinning to liven up their drum solos.
drum 
                  sticks
21. why read music? besides the 
                  obvious, one of the best reasons for reading drum music is the 
                  fact that you can teach yourself anything on drums out of a 
                  book or a magazine without having to continually take drum lessons. 
22. paiste (cymbals) is officially 
                  pronounced "pie-stee", not pastee, or paystee. 
23. drum tricks - a trick for playing 
                  slightly behind the beat: with your dominate hand on the hi-hat 
                  and other on the snare, play a flam on your backbeats (2 and 
                  4) so that the snare falls slightly behind your hi-hat hand. 
                  it works! - be sure to use a metronome to assist you with staying 
                  in time.
24. a lick a day, keeps the doctor away: if you learned just one new drum lick a day, that's 365 
                  new drum licks or drum fills a year! think about it. - a new 
                  approach to drum practice.
25. did you know that in latin american 
                  countries, people clap the clave rhythm (2/3 or 3/2) 
                  to the music instead of 2 and 4 as we do here in the us?


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums - drumsets - drummers 
                      - percussion





to 
                      top of page


26. drugs are a dead end road! practically 
                  every other biography on vh-1 is about a drug addicted rock 
                  star who either od'd or is finally finding the light some 30 
                  years later. enough said. be smart and learn from those before 
                  you. they'd give anything to be in your place and do it all 
                  over again.
27. singles and doubles. drum 
                  rudiments are made up of doubles and singles. learn to play 
                  these as cleanly, evenly, and correctly as possible. do the 
                  same with doubles. they make up all the rest! practice and master 
                  this on the drums and you'll find everything else comes a lot 
                  easier. this applies to those that play the rock band game too!
28. a bongo drums player (in a latin combo) 
                  has two jobs; to play the bongos throughout the verse or "down" 
                  sections of a song and to play a rock solid bongo bell (campana 
                  pattern) during choruses or "up" sections of the musical 
                  piece.
29. think twice before cleaning those 
                  cymbals! many of the old pros swear by that crusty old dirt 
                  that's engraved in cymbals. they claim, more often than not, 
                  that it gives them a real warm sound that adds character and 
                  body to their overall sound. 
30. don't underestimate showmanship! 
                  many players snub this aspect of drumming. 
                  while it's certainly not required, it does increase your overall 
                  marketability. additionally, besides being fun, the crowds eat 
                  it up. remember buddy rich playing drums on the muppet's show? 
                  incredible! 
31. are your highs high and your lows 
                  low? although most of us are aware of dynamics, we 
                  often don't spend enough time practicing dynamics in drumming. 
                  we have a concept of what dynamics are but we don't always pay 
                  enough attention to it or we don't give it enough thought while 
                  we're actually playing. remember that dynamics are "extremely" 
                  important in the big music picture.
32. keep a journal with your drum 
                  practicing ideas in it. it assures visual recognition as well 
                  as aural and increases the rate of learning/memorization for drumming.
33. understand speaker feedback and how it can be reduced or eliminated. this way you can assist 
                  when there isn't a good sound man around to help with your drum 
                  sound. 
34. study a melodic instrument (not 
                  just drumset). this will give you a valuable understanding of 
                  harmony, chord structure and overall music theory. you can then 
                  be more involved in the arranging of your band's songs. you 
                  can also write your own drum charts more efficiently.
35. don't quit your day job! many 
                  musicians pride themselves in never having worked a day job. 
                  while our attempt is not to put them down, we would advise working 
                  day jobs now and then to help instill and reinforce a work ethic. 
                  this teaches you how to work hard and reminds you what the rest 
                  of the world is doing. 
36. take a lesson from the pros. 
                  many musicians discontinue their study after college or after 
                  getting out of "little league" ranks (so to speak). 
                  you owe it to yourself to take an occasional lesson or two from 
                  a major hitter. famous 
                  drummers usually lay things on you that you would 
                  never expect. some of the greatest players out there still study 
                  with their idols. 
37. walk to the beat of a different 
                  drummer. be your own player. be an "individual" 
                  drummer. strive to develop your own distinct style on the drums 
                  that will make you unique. do something different. have a niche. 
                  this could be from mastering one particular technique to standing 
                  on your head while you're drumming ... just be different in some way.
38. a conga player (in a latin combo) 
                  carries the bulk of the percussion groove by typically playing 
                  a straight 8th note pattern that repeats (known as tumbao). 
                  one places emphasis in the conga tumbao with a slap on beat 
                  "2" and open tones on beats "4" and the 
                  "and" of "4".
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips for playing the drums. do you have tips, drum 
                  tricks, or drum lessons?
                  if you play drums and have a special tip to share, we welcome 
                  your submission.
39. the timbale player is most closely 
                  associated with the "drummer" of the band. his job 
                  is to hold time and to setup band figures using drum fills.
40. shoot for the stars, and you might 
                  just hit the moon! if you set your goals high, you will 
                  likely go much farther in life because you have a longer way 
                  to go and you'll work harder to get there.
41. inventory your equipment: log 
                  all of your instruments, take pictures of your drums (all sides), 
                  and make up a separate page for serial numbers of your drums. 
42. say it, then play it. the best 
                  way to learn a new rhythm or drum fill on the drums during drum 
                  practice is to say it out loud first. this allows the brain 
                  another method of comprehending it. 
43. transcribing: learning a new 
                  drumbeat? write it out. transcribing is one of the best ways 
                  to learn rhythms, drum beats, and drum fills and will help your 
                  overall comprehension of music theory and composition. so next 
                  time you're learning a complicated beat, try transcribing it 
                  first. 
44. videotape yourself playing drums. 
                  you will be amazed at what you can learn from this. everything 
                  from that stupid look on your face while your playing the drums, 
                  to the snare drum that's tilted at a 45 degree angle.

if 
                  it has to do with drums, 
                  you'll find it at drum bum!

45. don't forget to practice your double 
                  stroke roll as triplets (ex. rrl, lrr, llr, rll). use a 
                  metronome in the beginning to help keep you on track.
46. midi - it's here to stay. it 
                  is a bit of our past and certainly our future. you're not obligated 
                  to partake but remember, everything helps in this highly competitive 
                  field. at least familiarize yourself with the very basics of 
                  electronic drumming and how to use basic electronic drumsets and drum sound modules. 
                  electronic drumming and midi is here to stay. 
47. you can make your own plastic cymbal 
                  sleeves for your cymbal stands. go to the hardware store 
                  and purchase a foot of plastic tubing slightly larger than the 
                  shaft of where the cymbals will sit. simply cut it in 1" 
                  (or so) lengths, slip 'em on your cymbal stands and you're ready 
                  to rock! 
48. drummers get a lot of flack. 
                  we get blamed for tempo fluctuations, etc. many other musicians 
                  have never even practiced with a metronome, but they'll 
                  often be the first to speak up about it. take the time to talk 
                  to your bandmates about the importance of their contribution 
                  to timekeeping.
49. don't snub the groove! and don't 
                  put down drummers who make their living off of a strong backbeat. 
                  they are valuable commodities. just ask the musicians who play 
                  with them. they have a feel on the drums that usually can't 
                  be surpassed.
50. chops ... it's not a dirty word! respect the time those drummers have devoted to their vocabulary. 
                  they are often more creative players with tons of drumbeats, 
                  exciting drum fills, and lots of chops in general. they have 
                  much to offer the world of music and deserve our respect. 


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


51. drum tricks: try to practice drums 20 minutes instead of 2 hours. this is a little self-applied 
                  psychological trick that really works! after 20 minutes, you 
                  usually feel propelled to practice much longer anyway. you want drumming to be fresh and exciting, not dreaded.
52. networking is equal to, if not 
                  more important, than practicing drums. remember; "out of 
                  sight, out of mind". networking is advertising (or marketing). 
                  ask any business about the importance of advertising. you are, 
                  in fact, a business. you are the product (service) and you need 
                  to be "sold" to others. if they don't know how to 
                  find you, you will not work in a band.
53. for a great practice pad idea, 
                  take an old mousepad and cut it to fit a slab of wood. mount 
                  it to a drum stand or simply sit it on a snare stand. wholla, 
                  ...a new practice pad! and it will even fit into your stickbags.
54. a typical timbale player setup consists of two, single headed drums (macho/hembra) a high-pitched 
                  cha-cha bell, wood block, a lower pitched mambo bell, and generally 
                  a cymbal.
55. be competitive but not backstabbing. that kind of thing is not only unhealthy, but it will come back 
                  to haunt you. don't burn bridges. we're all in this together. 
56. to better understand time signatures, 
                  visually think of dividing a pie into halves, quarters, eighths, 
                  etc. when it's in quarters, imagine putting a cutout of a quarter 
                  note on each slice and then slice that piece in two. you will 
                  then need to use two eighth notes for each and soon this will 
                  provide a better understanding of rhythmic values. this is also 
                  a great teaching method for your students.
57. repetitiveness is the key to 
                  learning half of what's out there. add to your drum lessons 
                  routine the word "repeat". play those drum grooves, 
                  beats, and fills over and over again. overlearn it! you 
                  will usually not get something down good unless it's repeated 
                  over and over again numerous times. 
58. teaching drums is one of the 
                  best learning tools for drummers! when you teach another student how 
                  to play drums, it not only forces you to stay on top of 
                  things, but you will learn from the student much of the time. 
                  it is a great motivator.


drummer 
                        tshirts 
quality, 
                        screen-printed  drummer tshirts. 
                        tshirts with drums, drumsets, and sayings!
free 
                        drum tabs
check 
                        out the drumtabs database
                        with links to hundreds of drum tabs.


59. go to drum conventions such 
                  as the percussive arts society international convention (pasic) 
                  or the annual namm show. there is a wealth of information there 
                  from product information and drum clinics to valuable educational 
                  seminars. you'll also have a chance to meet many of your favorite 
                  drummers!
60. the business of drumming: 
                  study marketing and other business related books. this is invaluable 
                  information that can help you propel your career.
61. use a large drum cover in your 
                  bass drum instead of a pillow. that way you'll have it 
                  to cover your drums if you need it and it will come out of a 
                  hole a lot better (if you have a hole in your drumhead). it 
                  will also allow you more muffling flexibility than a pillow 
                  on the inside of the drum due to the fact it can be arranged 
                  to touch both heads. 
62. be the best drummer alive! eat, 
                  sleep, and breathe drums! work hard and let nothing stand in 
                  your way of being the best drummer you can possibly be!
63. tumbao is a standard timekeeping 
                  pattern that is associated with the congas, bass, and sometimes 
                  timbales in latin music.

64. practice your feet equally as aggressive 
                  as your hands. think of your feet as if they were another 
                  set of hands. they need the same amount of attention on the 
                  drums. you want your drum playing to be rounded out and not 
                  top heavy.
65. playing your drums ought to 
                  be as comfortable as driving your car. if you have to reach 
                  too far in either direction, it will work against your overall 
                  balance and positioning. check your positioning on the kit and 
                  make sure you're comfortable. this is a great tip for rock band 
                  too!
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips, drum secrets, drum tricks, or drum lessons with us!
                  if you play drums and have a special tip, we welcome your submission.
66. deduct everything! us drummers 
                  are self-employed (most of the time). we operate as a small 
                  business and a small business has full legal right to deduct 
                  expenses. hire a tax consultant. negotiate a reasonable fee 
                  and make sure you have receipts for everything. as a consultant 
                  once advised, "even if you deduct too much and are audited, 
                  you will still be better off by paying backtaxes or a small 
                  fine, as compared to losing an enormous amount of money through 
                  the years by not trying." 
67. weather tip: careful with keeping 
                  your drums in too much extreme weather. humidity, extreme 
                  hot, or cold can wear your drums down over time. 
68. your duct tape roll makes a great 
                  drink holder for your drums. set it down to the right of 
                  your bass drum foot where it can't be knocked over. instant 
                  drumset accessory!
69. use your spare time wisely. especially if you're on the road. the older you get in life, 
                  the more you realize just how precious time is. time should 
                  be savored, prioritized, managed, and respected. use your spare 
                  time to write a book, prepare for your private lessons, educate 
                  yourself, etc.
70. don't forget mental practicing. 
                  don't have time for drum lessons or practicing? this is an often 
                  overlooked, highly effective practicing method. there have been 
                  numerous studies on this and it does work. you can sit on a 
                  bus or a plane and visualize yourself playing through drum patterns. 
                  go over them in your mind repetitively just as you would on 
                  your real drums. 
71. don't drink sodas on every band 
                  break. the temptation is enormous because it's usually free 
                  in bars and it tastes great. but think about the numbers that 
                  we put away per break, per night, per week, etc. this isn't 
                  doing your body a bit of good. fill up a 1/2 gallon jug of water 
                  and give your body what it needs. you want to be playing drums 
                  when you're 60. take care of yourself. 
72. include the nashville number system into your drum reading repertoire. it doesn't take that long 
                  to learn and ... country has had a huge impact on pop music 
                  in recent years. nashville is one of our music capitals and 
                  if you ever have an opportunity to record there, you will need 
                  to be prepared. additionally, this system is already in use 
                  in many smaller studios around the country.
drum 
                  lessons
teach yourself drums with pro drum lessons online
73. drum tuning secrets: did you 
                  know that most all latin drums are tuned in a circular motion 
                  and not point to point like snare drums or toms on the drumset?
74. drum lessons: a terrific exercise 
                  is this version of "wipeout" incorporating 
                  single, double, and triple paradiddles. repeat over and over 
                  until you build up your speed. this is a great drum exercise 
                  for hand to hand control. 
r l r r, l r l l, r l r l r l r r, l r l r l l, r l r l r r, 
                  l r l l   (capital letters are accented notes)

75. protect your reputation. settle 
                  arguments and debates with your band members as diplomatically 
                  as you can. give 110% to your band and help with all aspects 
                  of the business. if you have a good attitude and are doing your 
                  job, you'll always have a good reputation in the music industry.


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


76. diplomacy is everything! if 
                  you disagree with your fellow musicians about something, bite 
                  your tongue! keep your cool and approach the matter patiently 
                  and with great thought before you speak. don't burn any bridges 
                  by saying the wrong things. you just might have to walk back 
                  over those bridges one day.
77. protect your ears! we can't 
                  stress this enough. most musicians take this for granted. buy 
                  a good set of ear plugs and start using them, especially while 
                  you practice. drums are quite loud and ongoing exposure is detrimental. 
78. think deterrents. keep your 
                  drums hidden and/or covered in your car or van. take extra precaution 
                  at clubs and venues. cover your drumset. make sure someone is 
                  always around when you're not there. don't underestimate the 
                  thief. he's just waiting for you to let your guard down.
79. it's about time. our primary 
                  responsibility before anything else is to lay down a steady 
                  drum beat for the band. this is before drum fills. you should 
                  understand "groove" thoroughly and be able to lay 
                  a backbeat down like nobody's business. drum fills are secondary. 
                  don't forget to use a metronome or drum machine during your 
                  drum practice sessions. this will help ensure accuracy and imporve 
                  your overall time.
80. drum tuning tips: don't be afraid 
                  to crank down your bongos when tuning them. too often people 
                  confuse the sound a bongo should make with congas or djembes. 
                  bongos should be able to pierce above all of the drums with 
                  your fingertips. more on drum 
                  tuning. 
gifts 
                  for drummers
81. don't underestimate posture. 
                  this is one of the most overlooked facets of drumming. 
                  sit up straight when you're playing the drums so your back is 
                  aligned properly. 
82. time management - here is a famous writing that will 
                  inspire you to manage your time more effectively so that you'll 
                  have more time to practice drums.
83. engrave your cymbals and drums. drummers who engrave the bottom of their cymbals with their 
                  phone number or id number if they ever get stolen, this will 
                  increase the likelihood of you ever seeing them again.
84. for those that use a drumset rack: take white gaffers tape and mark each section where a stand 
                  goes with a number. put the stands in sequential order and anyone 
                  will be able to set up your kit effortlessly. 
85. it's rhythm not rythem. 
                  come on guys, we need to know this stuff! 
                  let us help a little: the reason he yearns tonight is his music. 
86. vintage drums are "old" 
                  drums. they make great collectibles and some drummers are real 
                  serious about this hobby. for a great resource, check out "not 
                  so modern drummer" magazine. there is a lot of vintage 
                  drum information there. 
87. do you get a ringing sound from 
                  your cymbal stands when you play? fill the hollow tubing 
                  of the stands with strips of cloth.
88. clave is an instrument and a rhythm. claves are two wooden sticks that are played by striking the 
                  two together. there are many different types of claves (i.e. 
                  rosewood, and now even synthetics.)
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips for playing the drums. do you have tips, drum 
                  tricks, or drum lessons?
                  if you play drums and have a special tip to share, we welcome 
                  your submission.
89. many pro drummers "pitch match" 
                  their drumsticks by holding one in the air and tapping it 
                  with the other stick. they listen to the pitch and then reverse 
                  to listen to the pitch of the second drumstick. if the pitch 
                  is exact (or real close), they buy them. while this drumsticks tip is controversial (some think it goes a bit overboard), many 
                  drummers swear by it. 
90. keep an emergency tool kit (repair 
                  kit) with your drums at all times. this should include things 
                  such as a screwdriver, small hammer, extra snare wires, drum 
                  parts, etc. remember that old boy scout motto: be prepared! 
                  keep an emergency drum repair kit with you. 
91. insurance: you should seriously 
                  consider insuring your drums. you'll then be covered if they're 
                  ever stolen or go up in a fire. check into the "island 
                  marine" policies or attach it to your homeowner's insurance.
92. set up your drums differently 
                  than other drummers. make your own unique statement. maybe when 
                  putting your drumset together for the first time, you can experiment 
                  with different drum set ups. try reversing your toms, adding 
                  a cowbell, timbale, or an extra snare drum. 
93. support female drummers. they're 
                  paving their way in a male-dominated industry. they've worked 
                  very hard and deserve your respect. popular girl drummers of 
                  our time include sheila e., gina schock, maureen brown, cindy 
                  blackman, hillary jones, patty schemel, and numerous others.
94. pay your drum teacher to come 
                  out to the gig now and then and evaluate your drum playing. 
                  this will help your overall growth and drum teachers need an 
                  excuse to get out now and then. ;)
fast tips - most popular drums
                  most popular drumsets are pearl, tama, dw, ludwig, yamaha, sonor, 
                  pacific, and gretsch.
95. true story: a famous drummer 
                  once asked his famous bandleader how to develop perfect time. 
                  the bandleader said, "listen". 
96. subscribe to drum magazines 
                  and drum publications of all sorts. the drum articles, interviews, 
                  tips and drum 
                  lessons contained within are invaluable to serious 
                  and dedicated drummers and all musicians. 
97. put your drumkey on a chain 
                  or rope and wear it around your neck. it helps you to always 
                  know where it is (and it makes great stagewear!). at the end 
                  of the night, you can throw it in your stickbag.
98. equipment maintenance: don't 
                  forget to oil your springs and lugs from time to time. they 
                  can get packed with dirt and prevent your stands, pedals, and 
                  drum gear from working its best.
99. the length of your drumstick 
                  matters! there is a reason they come in different lengths. besides 
                  individual preference, longer sticks usually work best for drummers 
                  with shorter arms, and visa versa. 
100. "memory" is the key 
                  to a lot of things. sharpen your memory and have greater success 
                  on stage and in the studio. there's nothing worse than forgetting 
                  your drum parts. 


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


101. have fun! we all started playing 
                  drums because it was fun (and to get girls). don't lose sight 
                  of this and get jaded. work hard but keep an open mind. keep 
                  playing drums fun! 
102. everything is hard ... until 
                  you learn it. think about it! - playing drums is easy! 
                  practice hard and you'll see just how easy being a great drummer 
                  is. 
103. teaching drums: the best way 
                  to know if you've truly grasped a concept on the drums is to 
                  teach it to another drummer. 
104. practice doubles and single 
                  combinations with your favorite cd. it makes practicing drums 
                  a bit more fun and you'll usually practice for longer periods 
                  of time. 
105. you reap what you sow. careful 
                  how you "sow" though. if you're practicing many hours 
                  but not getting anywhere, you may not be practicing correctly. 
                  set up a game plan and stick to it.
106. disabled drummers alliance 
                  (dda) is an organization to support disabled drummers. more 
                  info can be found by contacting them online. 
107. practice hard! you'll usually 
                  find that in searching for one thing, you'll stumble across 
                  many other great drum ideas during drum practice. so, let those 
                  creative juices flow! 
108. "a prescription": 
                  take all 40 drum rudiments and go through them leading with 
                  your weak hand. write down which ones you struggle with. the 
                  result will be your practicing "prescription".
learn how 
                  to play drums for free, at the drum lessons database.
109. snare wires: don't underestimate 
                  the importance of snare drum wires. make sure they're straight 
                  and well-seated. if not, replace them. 
110. purchase business cards for yourself and hand them out everywhere. this not only gets 
                  your name in front of people but it reassures them of your professionalism. 
                  they'll know you're serious if you've taken the time to put 
                  a calling card together.
111. drumming tips for drum teachers: keep the time signature 2/4 instead 
                  of 4/4 while teaching younger students the basics. it makes 
                  it less confusing for them and allows them to focus on the actual 
                  beat a bit more until they've grasped things. 
112. put address, phone, directions, 
                  etc. in your wallet so you don't forget them. there's nothing 
                  worse than driving halfway to the gig, only to realize that 
                  you don't know where you're going.
113. drum ethics: no matter how 
                  tempting it is, don't take a better offer just because it pays 
                  more. stand by your initial gig and the promise you made to 
                  your band. 
114. after a drum lesson, go home 
                  and practice any drum beats, grooves, or fills right away on 
                  the drums while it's still fresh in your head. otherwise you 
                  tend to forget a lot of what you learned. take lessons seriously. 
                  you're spending a lot of money so pay attention, take notes, 
                  make charts, organize your drum lessons, tape the lessons, and 
                  anything else you can think of to make the most out of it. 
115. the law of reciprocation. if 
                  you help others, it "will" come back to you. try it 
                  and see! do something very special for someone in your life. 
                  this could be anything from helping to teach a lower income 
                  child how 
                  to play drums (for free), to starting a child sponsorship 
                  with a reputable charity. there is a great feeling of self-worth 
                  and dignity that comes from these noble gestures and god mysteriously 
                  has a way of repaying you for each and every one. - life 
                  lessons
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips, drum secrets, drum tricks, or drum lessons with us!
                  if you play drums and have a special tip, we welcome your submission.
win 
                  a free drum t-shirt
116. remember to kiss. (keep it 
                  simple stupid). 
117. drumset players: use a double 
                  tom case (where you put two toms in one case). it'll save 
                  you some time as you'll have less drum cases to carry around. 
118. invest in a small portable handcart for 
                  your drums. this thing can save you a lot of time and 
                  trouble on those gigs where the set up location is far from 
                  your vehicle. 
119. be nice to your soundman/monitor 
                  engineer. they control your mix! 
120. at soundchecks, don't show off. hit the drums one by one and play nice steady drum beats. many 
                  times they just need a line level and don't want you playing 
                  bombastic solos. only play out if they ask you to or if it's 
                  an acceptable routine in your band.


chat about 
                  drums, drumming, drummers, and percussion
                  now featuring "live" chat at drumchat.com tips forum.
121. famous people that were/are also 
                  drummers: bob crane (hogan's heroes), mel torme, jenny jones, 
                  stevie wonder, sammy davis jr., bill cosby, dizzie gillespie, 
                  johnny carson, karen carpenter, doug flutie, donny osmond, gary 
                  burghoff (radar from mash), jerry lewis, dana carvey, craig 
                  ferguson, billy bob thorton, paul mccartney, barbara mandrell, 
                  and emeril lagasse. tipper gore also plays a little drums as 
                  does michael j. fox, and chevy chase. 
122. drum tuning tips - here's a 
                  tuning quote: "tuning a 3 yr. old drumhead is like polishing 
                  a turd. why bother, it'll still be a piece of crap." - 
                  well, kind of an abrupt statement about drum tuning but it gets 
                  the point across about how important it is to spend some time 
                  learning how 
                  to tune your drums properly. there's nothing better than 
                  a sweet sounding set of drums!
123. adopt the "overlearn" 
                  concept. it's often not enough to just practice a drumbeat 
                  or lick for a couple of times on the drums and then think you 
                  have it. to get stuff down to where you can play it on the drums 
                  without thinking about it, you must "overlearn" it. 
124. the money beat: nashville studio 
                  drummer, paul leim often refers to the money beat. the money 
                  drumbeat is 1 and 3 on the bass drum and 2 and 4 on the snare 
                  ("billy jean"). "if you want to make a good living 
                  playing drums in america, make sure you can play this simple 
                  beat with good time and lot's of groove!
125. polyrhythms: there tends to 
                  be an ongoing debate over the actual definition of a polyrhythm. 
                  for the record, webster's dictionary defines it as: "the 
                  simultaneous combination of contrasting rhythms in music".


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


126. for those that study latin percussion in america, it is important to grasp the "big picture" 
                  so as to promote a well-rounded understanding of latin drumming. 
                  in many latin countries, drums are deep rooted in their culture 
                  and there is a lifetime of information to be acquired. pace 
                  yourself when studying this vast spectrum of music.
127. relaxation is the key to a 
                  superior performance on the drums! 
                  practice relaxing during drum practice. the more you do this 
                  during practice, the more it will translate on stage. 
128. warm up before a gig the same 
                  way a gymnast stretches before a competition. you'll be amazed 
                  at how much freer you are on the drums as a result.
129. take the time to tune your 
                  drums before a gig. many drummers tend to let this go but 
                  you would be surprised how out of tune your drums can become 
                  due to playing, weather changes, and the like.
130. as an additional warm-up: before 
                  a performance, listen to music cds or dvds that inspire you. 
                  you will usually play better as a result of the motivation you 
                  feel from the music.
131. consider practicing drums in 
                  15 or 20 minute increments. this will allow you to concentrate 
                  on many areas at once (i.e.: 15 minutes for reading, 15 minutes 
                  for drum rudiments, 
                  etc.)

132. think "out of the box" when creating 
                  your drum sound. get original and aim to produce a unique drumset 
                  sound. practice drum fills and drum beats that have a creative 
                  flair that you can call your own. 




133. drum solo idea: make melodies on your toms (like "taps"). this has been done for 
                  years and makes a good solo that much more entertaining for 
                  your musical audience. find ways to make your drum fills make 
                  a musical statement. learn 
                  more on how to play a drum solo.
134. rim shot: you know that sound 
                  you get when you turn the drumstick upside down and play it 
                  across the snare drum? well, some people call that a "cross 
                  stick" and some people call it a "rim click". 
                  whatever the case, it shouldn't be mixed up with a "rimshot", 
                  "stick click", or "stick shot". thoroughly 
                  confused? 
135. don't forget to practice fast tempos. it's not enough to know how to play drum beats at moderate 
                  tempos. before you know it, someone will throw you a tune that's 
                  blazingly fast. you must be ready when the time comes! work 
                  fast tempos into your drumming practice.

136. many drummers ... just need to work on the 
                  "transition" from one lick to another in a drum solo. 
                  the objective should be continuity from one idea to another.
137. odd time: careful not to put 
                  too much emphasis on beat "1" of every bar when you're 
                  playing odd 
                  time signatures. you don't do this while playing 
                  4/4 and you shouldn't do it with odd time either.

138. practicing drums: it doesn't matter how many 
                  hours you practice your drums but it's what you put into those 
                  hours. think!
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips, drum secrets, fills, drum tricks, or drum 
                  lessons with us!
                  if you play drums and have a special drums tip, we welcome your 
                  submission.
139. wedding drummers: keep a small 
                  tupperware container with you at all times. more often then 
                  not there is plenty of food and cake left over that they'll 
                  offer the band to take home. if you've got a container, you're 
                  going to take home some fabulous grub!

140. double bass pedal. one advantage to having 
                  a double pedal (whether you play it that much or not) 
                  is you'll always have a spare. 
141. are there time problems in your band 
                  and you're not sure why? make sure the band has some of your 
                  hi-hat in their mix. this will help everyone lock in a little 
                  better.

142. rudiments 101: the speed of them is only 
                  as fast as your left hand (or right hand, if you're a lefty) 
                  will allow. practice your weak hand diligently. you'll then 
                  notice all the drum 
                  rudiments becoming easier to play.
143. it's "sextuplet", not "septuplet". 
                  young drummers often get these confused. "sep" is 
                  7, whereas "sex" is 6.
144. to simulate a triangle or chime 
                  sound, strike the butt of the drumstick against the edge 
                  of the cymbal. pro drummers have been doing this for years.
145. need a quick sizzle cymbal? 
                  simply tape 4 or 5 pennies to the back of a 5" strip of 
                  duct tape (about 1" wide) and tape it to the bell of your 
                  ride cymbal. this will allow your cymbal to sizzle as if it 
                  had rivets in it. you can also do this with a bead chain.
146. drum tricks - try this old 
                  trick: to play a melodic tune on the tom-tom, push down 
                  on the drumhead with your hand or elbow while tapping on the 
                  drum. with a little practice, you can come up with numerous 
                  little melodies and melodic drum beats around the drums for 
                  your drum solos. 
147. drum solo idea: play your drums 
                  with your hands. the crowds love it! john bonham from led zeppelin 
                  helped popularize this.
148. put your names on all your drum cases. when you play gigs with other bands (maybe you're opening for 
                  another act), this will prevent them from being mixed up with 
                  the other band's gear.
149. while playing a crosstick, 
                  hit the stick off the first tom rim and onto the snare drum. 
                  this creates an interesting flam effect. 
150. rudiments: -the buzz roll is also called the "multiple stroke" bounce roll, 
                  the "press roll", and the "crush roll".


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


151. feeling uninspired in the practice 
                  room? set up your drumset or percussion set up backwards and play. although a bit awkward at first, it will stimulate 
                  many new drum ideas. when putting together your drumset, think 
                  of different ways to set it up. think outside the box!
152. don't forget; your snare drum makes 
                  a great timbale with the snares off (make sure any dampening 
                  is removed).
153. use your floor tom as a ride! 
                  rock drummers have been doing this for years and it makes a 
                  great alternate riding sound for heavier rock beats or grooves.
154. can't afford a double bass pedal? 
                  put both feet on one single bass drum pedal and go to town! 
                  it takes a bit of practice but it's been pulled off by many 
                  drummers. more 
                  on how to play double bass drum.
155. double pedal hints: you can 
                  angle your left foot and play both the left bass drum pedal 
                  and the high hat at the same time. famous drummer, dennis chambers 
                  popularized this. practice slow at first as it's a little tricky.
free 
                  drum videos  |  drum 
                  tuning tips  |  rock 
                  band drum tips
156. want an interesting drum sound? maybe as just a special effect for a song, play with 2 sticks 
                  in one hand. (ala steve gadd on paul simon's "late in the 
                  evening")
157. play rhythms on the rims of the 
                  drums (ala zz top's "lagrange"). this is a cool 
                  effect that will add a new element to your drum playing.
158. brushes technique: slap the 
                  stick on the rim with the bristles ¼ inch from the head, 
                  letting them bounce rapidly. it creates a great vibrating effect. 
159. drum tricks - old brush trick: 
                  lay one brush down on the snare head and roll it back and forth 
                  with the palm of your hand. this creates a neat flapping sound 
                  that can be manipulated to create even more interesting rhythms.
160. cool bass drum effect: mount 
                  a tambourine to a stand and pack it with cloth. tape a bass 
                  drum mic to the bottom of it. very cool sound. 
161. whoa horsey! it's common for 
                  drummers to practice drum grooves and especially drum 
                  fills too fast. until you can play things clean, you should 
                  keep it at a slow pace. if you practice sloppy, you'll learn 
                  it sloppy. 
162. drum tuning tips: for a quick 
                  muffle ring, cut out the outer edge of an old snare head 
                  and place it on the snare drum to kill some of the overring. 
                  more on how to tune your drums 
                  and different drum dampening techniques.
163. more helpfrul hints: use lithium grease 
                  to lube the lugs of your drums (instead of wd-40). you 
                  can get it at any auto parts store or k-mart. wd-40 doesn't 
                  last as long and it attracts dirt and dust. auto parts stores 
                  have "spray" lithium grease. some companies, like 
                  gibralter, make a bass pedal lube that will work for other stands 
                  too.
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips for playing the drums. do you have tips, drum 
                  tricks, or drum lessons?
                  if you play drums and have a special tip to share, we welcome 
                  your submission.
164. drum teachers: to help your 
                  students understand 16th notes, have them say a 4 syllable word 
                  like "cat-er-pil-lar". the rhythmic syllables help 
                  them relate to the notes. use a metronome so they can see how 
                  it falls in relation to the quarter note pulse.
165. conga drummers and latin players: when using skin drumheads, always tune down after 
                  each use. this prolongs the elasticity of the head and allows 
                  for many more years of drumming from each drumhead. many drum 
                  companies offer synthetic heads. there are pros and cons 
                  to these drum heads so try what works for you. one important 
                  "plus" for synthetic heads on drums, is that you don't 
                  have to tune them down after each use.
166. hang posters of motivational sayings on your walls, even if it means scribbling the words, "practice 
                  hard" on a sheet of paper and taping it above your drums. 
                  anything is helpful and will assist in getting you in that positive 
                  state of mind.
167. practice hitting the center of 
                  each drum (this goes for all drums). this will ensure you're 
                  executing drum fills properly and getting the most tone out 
                  of each drum. occasionally you'll play fills away from center 
                  when you desire a different tone or response from the head.
168. careful with your drum set on light 
                  colored carpet. the metal from the foot pedals will rub 
                  against it and stain it. put an old blanket or some old rags 
                  down underneath the pedals and then set up your drumkit. 
169. beginning drummers always want 
                  to learn fancy drum beats and drum 
                  fills right away. but you must crawl before you can 
                  walk. take the time to get the basics down real good on the 
                  drums and then you can tackle the more challenging stuff. don't 
                  forget to visit a drum forum like drumchat.com to get advice 
                  from other drummers. 
fast tips - most popular percussion
                  most popular percussion brands are lp latin percussion, toca, 
                  and rhythm tech.
170. breathe freely when you play 
                  the drums. otherwise you stifle the flow of oxygen and cause 
                  your body to work harder. this in turn will prevent you from 
                  being fully relaxed. you should be relaxed as possible on the 
                  drums. 
171. the union gets a bad rap sometimes 
                  from musicians, but we're here to tell you that it does have 
                  great advantages. they can provide affordable health insurance, 
                  instrument insurance, audition notices, and even protect your 
                  rights in many difficult band situations.
172. take the time to put together a 
                  professional music resume for yourself. you may need 
                  it one day for that pro gig you've always dreamed of. you'll 
                  want to be ready if it happens.
173. many educators and drum teachers 
                  recommend warming up on the practice pad with metal drumsticks 
                  or heavier practice drumsticks. use caution however and in moderation. 
                  you want to strengthen your muscles, not tear up your bones. 
                  oh, and "never" play with aluminum drumsticks on the 
                  drumset, only on a practice pad. 

174. practice drum rudiments in front of the tv. once 
                  you've practiced a drum rudiment to a certain point where it 
                  simply involves repetition to get it faster, you can certainly 
                  put them on autopilot and practice them while watching your 
                  favorite show. just check your technique now and then to make 
                  sure your rudiments are clean, precise and on track.
175. careful not to use "abrasive" 
                  cleaners on your drums or cymbals. you could end up ruining 
                  the finish. this goes for drum polishes too. be sure you rub 
                  gently to help protect the finish of your drums. if in doubt, 
                  just use soap and water or a glass cleaner. 


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


176. sometimes your snare drum doesn't 
                  sound good because it's sitting on the bottom of the snare 
                  stand and it's being choked. careful because this will also 
                  dent the bottom head.
177. myth: drummers get all the chicks. 
                  not true ... singers do! all the more reason to be a singing 
                  drummer, huh? 
178. ergonomics: the physical aspect 
                  of your playing (posture, how you hit) has a lot more to do 
                  with your playing than you think. when you are properly balanced, 
                  you have a center, and when you are centered you can move more 
                  freely and relaxed without any wasted motion.
179.  myth: pot makes you a better 
                  player. fact: pot makes you a pot head. it eats up your 
                  brain cells and your money. yea, you'll be slightly more creative, 
                  but it's been proven that the same level of creativity can be 
                  acquired drug-free. 

180. size matters! the size of the pillow in the 
                  bass drum matters. if it's larger it will dampen more sound 
                  and if it's smaller, it will allow the drum to resonate more. 
                  also pay attention to whether or not it's touching the heads. 
                  this will also greatly affect the outcome. 
181. myth: neil peart is the greatest 
                  drummer in the world. fact: it's actually ringo.  

182. play your buzz roll on the 
                  side of the snare drum. the head is tighter so the drumsticks will bounce more.
183. slow it down: use a tape recorder 
                  with a pitch control to slow difficult drum parts down. it makes 
                  learn drumbeats and drumfills a whole lot easier to learn. 


184. for motivation and/or a point 
                  of reference, think about what you have succeeded at already. 
                  are you a good swimmer, football player, skateboarder? the way 
                  that you became good is by doing it "all" the time. 
                  think about it; if you applied yourself the same way toward 
                  the drums, you will undoubtedly be equally as proficient. 
185. enter those drum contests in 
                  major drum magazines like modern drummer and drum magazine!. 
                  they often give away huge drumsets and miscellaneous drum and 
                  percussion items. someone's got to win those drumsets and cool 
                  drum accessories. it might as well be you! also, these magazines 
                  are great resources for drum and percussion hints, tricks and 
                  secrets. 
186. "scorewriter" is 
                  a good computer program to use for writing drum/drumset notation. 
                  it is simpler to use than some of the other more sophisticated 
                  music programs. this makes your drum 
                  lessons and transcriptions much cleaner and easier 
                  to read for the recipient. 
187. keep your gigs written in a calendar or logged in a pda so that mistakes aren't made and you won't 
                  forget a gig. be sure to write down setup times and start times 
                  as well as location and relevant phone numbers and emails. you 
                  can also log your drum lessons. 
188. use internet resources to help 
                  you find gigs and keep up with goings-on in the industry. there 
                  are many great music staffing sites as well as valuable indie 
                  sites for musicians. and don't miss all the free drum lessons 
                  on the net that help spark ideas for grooves, drumfills, tuning 
                  and drum dampening techniques and cool drum beats.
 post 
                  drum tips
                  share your tips, drum secrets, drum tricks, or free drum 
                  lessons with us!
                  if you play drums and have a special tip, we welcome your submission.

189. try not to separate your drums and stands 
                  when you bring them home from the gig. you're more likely to 
                  forget something the next time. if you take an item from the 
                  pile, put a note there to remind you not to forget it when the 
                  time comes.
190. new drumheads: take the time 
                  to "seat" your drumheads by pressing down on 
                  the drum after it's tensioned. this allows the head to stretch 
                  slightly and conform to the shape of the drum and makes getting 
                  it in tune a lot easier.
191. drum tricks - soloing idea: an old trick is to hook up a long plastic tube to the vent 
                  hole of your floor tom and blow air through it while you're 
                  playing the drum. this creates a really cool sound effect 
                  and the crowds love it! 
192. sometimes you'll be on the gig 
                  but just don't feel like playing. try to keep a positive 
                  attitude anyway. pull yourself up by your bootstraps (figure 
                  of speech) and play your best. don't slack off at all. it's 
                  murphy's law that the minute you start slacking, you'll see 
                  someone important in the room that needed to hear you at your 
                  best.
193. the spring on your bass drum pedal 
                  will stretch over time. be aware of this and adjust accordingly. 
                  replace it if you have to. 
194. standard drumhead types are single-ply, 
                  double-ply and coated heads. the drumheads you use greatly 
                  affect the drums tone so take the time to experiment with different 
                  configurations. 
195. some drummers sand their drumsticks with sandpaper to remove the varnish. they say it helps make 
                  them less slippery. of course, you can also use stick grip tape 
                  or drumsticks with grips built into them. 
196. make use of the memory locks that 
                  come with your drumset. this helps save time and frustration 
                  when it comes to getting your drums set up the same way every 
                  time. when putting your drumset together, put colored tape where 
                  the memory locks should go. 
197. hey sweaty butt! throw a towel 
                  over that seat to help reduce perspiration slide. slick vinyl 
                  on a drum throne traps water so a moisture absorber of some 
                  sort is necessary. (of course, there is always depends). 
198. ever break your bass drum beater while 
                  at a gig? simply find a screwdriver around the same size, turn 
                  it upside down with the shaft facing upward and screw it into 
                  place. this will definitely hold you until you can buy a new 
                  one. just be careful not to play too hard with that screwdriver 
                  in there or you'll ruin your bass drum head.
199. concentration: we can't say 
                  enough about the importance of concentration. the girl across 
                  the room will catch your eye but you may not want to stare too 
                  long because it will detract from your performance. if you play 
                  music soley to pick up girls then so be it. if you play to be 
                  the best, concentrate on your drumming and give your band 100%.
200. buy your snare drum case slightly 
                  bigger than the snare drum itself so that you can fit some extra 
                  replacement drumheads or zero rings in there. you can do this 
                  with the tom tom cases too.


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


201. success is in the eye of the 
                  beholder. for some, success means playing on television and/or 
                  with a big artist. for others it is the simple attainment of 
                  wealth. websters describes success as eminence, wealth, and 
                  desired outcome. we like to think of success as "the attainment 
                  of goals" and "being happy".
202. roll your drumsticks on a flat 
                  countertop before buying them. this way you'll know if you're 
                  getting a straight pair. 
203. careful not to tighten your wingnuts 
                  too tight on cymbal stands and drum stands. this is often 
                  the cause of them stripping out. most of the time, wing nuts 
                  are designed to work efficiently with only moderate tightening. 
204. if your bass drum head rips where 
                  the beater strikes, do not patch it with duct tape and 
                  continue playing. the beater will play through the tape and 
                  pick up the residue, causing the beater to periodically "stick". 
                  instead, use a piece of old drumhead cut into a square or circle 
                  and tape it onto the bass drum head from the sides. 
205. snare strainers are often held 
                  on by string or strips of plastic. well, if they break, and 
                  old trick is to cut strips of plastic from an old drumhead. 
                  it's just as strong and you won't be able to tell the difference. 
                  have them pre-made so they'll be ready in case of an emergency.
206. do you mic your drums? don't 
                  let the mic cords touch the drums as they hang. this will interfere 
                  with any open tone you're trying to achieve. also, don't let 
                  the sound crew attach mic clips to your rims. ask them to attach 
                  them to the isolation mounts. otherwise it defeats the purpose 
                  of having isolation mounts. 
207. get it where you can: take 
                  the opportunity to make extra money by selling your band's cds, 
                  t-shirts and anything else that might be appropriate (not avon). 
208. put a tip jar in front of the stage. you don't necessarily have to announce but it leaves the 
                  opportunity for gracious fans to donate to the band if they 
                  wish. hey, every little bit helps right? a small amount of tips 
                  can sometimes pay that bar tab if nothing else.
209. creeping bass drums 101: methods 
                  used to stop creeping bass drums on drumsets have included (but 
                  are not limited to) tying a rubber band from the bass drum pedal 
                  to the stool, using carpet, buying the "bass drum stop-creeping 
                  thingy" that they've been selling in drum shops for years, 
                  sharpening the spikes, and more. check out the new trapstrap 
                  product that's newer on the market and for stopping bass drum 
                  creep. 
free 
                  drum videos
210. keep your drum monitor close or 
                  use in ear monitors. it helps keep the overall stage volume 
                  down. 
211. make your own multi rods drumsticks 
                  (similar to promark hot rods) with dowel rods you can pick up 
                  at the hardware store. wrap them with shrink tubing for the 
                  handles and you're set!
212. stencil "lift by handle" on all your drum cases. musicians or roadies helping you carry 
                  your drums love to grab them by the straps which of course ruins 
                  the straps. hopefully "lift by handle" will be a deterrent 
                  when they're helping you with your drums.
213. learn how to spell! commonly misspelled 
                  drum words: zildjian (not: zilgen, ziljian, ziljien or 
                  ziljin). gretsch (not gretch, gretsh, grech, or gretcsh). cymbal (not cymbol, symbol, cymbel or simbel). come on 
                  drummers! 
214. need to get your bass drum foot 
                  faster? play a samba rhythm for long periods of time. put 
                  on a medium fast samba tune that you can play along to and do 
                  this repetitively for a week. you'll definitely notice a difference 
                  in the rest of your bass drum playing!
215. do you break drumsticks? common 
                  reasons drumsticks break are; playing too hard with a thin stick, hitting the rims 
                  too frequently, hitting the cymbals at the wrong angle, using 
                  cheap sticks and often just using the wrong size stick for the 
                  job.
216. did you know.. that cymbals are one 
                  of the oldest instruments in history. they go back thousands 
                  of years and have been used in just about every style of music 
                  imaginable. choosing cymbals can be daunting but you have many 
                  choices so take your time. 
217. selling your drums? - you don't have 
                  to be an expert to sell a set of drums but you will need a few 
                  tips. don't try to price them too high or you'll be sitting 
                  on 'em for awhile. be reasonable about the price considering 
                  the amount of wear the drums have received. if you got them 
                  at a fair price, you should move them quickly. also, some drum 
                  forums have free classified sections for drums.
218. your computer and various software 
                  programs (microsoft office being one of them) offer great tools 
                  to assist you in your music career. there are templates in word 
                  and excell for mileage keeping and student records. there are 
                  staff paper downloads and cd labels software. there are free 
                  metronome downloads, music games and of course tons of music 
                  scoring software available for your computer. if you're not 
                  utilizing your computer in your music career, you're missing 
                  out!
219. practice your double stroke roll inverted. (ex: rllr, rllr, rllr, rllr). and also as triplets (ex. rll, 
                  rrl, lrr, llr). experiment with inverted variations of different 
                  drum rudiments. 
220. practice in front of a mirror. this 
                  will help you check your form on the drums, as well as facial 
                  expression, posture and other bad habits you may have acquired 
                  on the drums.
221. try to use a click track during 
                  your band rehearsals. this helps refine the time in your band 
                  and will point out the weak time keepers. it will also help 
                  you establish the tempos at which each particular song will 
                  groove the best. you don't have to necessarily play with a click 
                  on stage, but practicing with one together helps tremendously. 
222. many drummers play with their eyes 
                  closed. while this is understandable, it's not advisable 
                  to leave them closed for too long. you could miss out on important 
                  visual cues from your band members. 
 drum lessons  |  drum 
                  forum
223. drum teachers: use themes that help 
                  get your students involved. do they play baseball? use drum 
                  analogies that compare to baseball. this is a proven technique 
                  that has worked for many drum teachers through the years!
224. snare drum: turn off your snares when 
                  the other musicians are tuning their axes. the sympathetic buzz 
                  drives everyone nuts. they don't want to hear your drums buzzing 
                  when they're trying to tune up. 
225. do you know how to play "wipeout"? wipeout is one of those songs that goes hand in hand with drums 
                  themselves. audiences just expect us to know how to play it. 
                  (they also think we like it. -ha!) well, just like sax players 
                  know "yakety sax", we need to know wipeout. it doesn't 
                  have to be in your nightly set list. just educate yourself on 
                  the basic form and make sure you have the single stroke chops, 
                  speed and endurance to get through it. there's no greater feeling 
                  than to be able to step up to the plate when your name is called. 
226. mount a cowbell to the left side of 
                  your hi-hat cymbals. while playing a 16th note groove pattern, 
                  put your left hand (or visa versa if your left handed) on the 
                  cowbell and play upbeat 16ths. this creates the coolest funk 
                  groove ever and makes it sound like 2 drummers playing simultaneously! 
                  don't forget to alter those left hand notes to be very dynamic 
                  (soft to loud). 
227. be creative. try not to get too locked 
                  into the same old drum set up and sound. try different drum 
                  sounds for different band settings. experiment with odd size 
                  drums, unique drumsticks, brushes, drumheads, trashy cymbals 
                  and unique percussion instruments. try playing some drumfills 
                  or solos with mallets or put a conga drum or bongos on the left 
                  side of your drumset to add color.
228. start a "practice log" for yourself. include things from your lessons, song and beat transcriptions, 
                  personal goals and drum tips that you've picked up along the 
                  way. you can even include notes that you've taken from clinics 
                  and maybe even pictures of famous drummers that you aspire to 
                  play like one day. get creative with it and use it as another 
                  source of motivation for your drumming career.


drumtips.com
over 2000 tips, tricks, and secrets for drums!
drums 
                      - drumsets - drummers - percussion





to 
                      top of page


229. don't sleep too much. this is a terrible 
                  habit of musicians. i don't mean to spoil the party, but sleep 
                  can work against you. time is precious and the older you get, 
                  the faster time seems to slip by. get up at a reasonable hour, 
                  get on your drums, practice hard... and be successful!
230. support your local drum shop. they're 
                  having to compete against deep-pocketed superstores like guitar 
                  center and it's not easy. do you want your local drum shops 
                  to stick around? then get out of the habit of always wanting 
                  the absolute cheapest price. pay a few more dollars and keep 
                  these guys in business. take drum lessons there and buy your 
                  drum gear there. get to know them on a first name basis. you'll 
                  then have that special shop to go where it's nothing but wall 
                  to wall drums, and drumsets, but more importantly first class 
                  service and close friends!
231. keep your eye on the paper for concerts 
                  and drum clinics put on by your local colleges. they're 
                  often open to the public and for a small fee you can attend 
                  and see some fantastic drummers, and their awesome drumming!
232. get out of the "comfort zone" (with regard to playing in the same band for too long). this 
                  is extremely important. many drummers get burned out because 
                  they just stay in one place too long. they'll outgrow the band 
                  but won't want to leave, either because of the money or because 
                  they're scared and don't know where to go. you've got to keep 
                  pushing forward. keep moving "up", not sideways. try 
                  to always be playing in bands where the other musicians are 
                  better than you. be courageous and take risks. they'll pay off 
                  in the long run. 
233. cheap drumsticks: don't use your good 
                  sticks to practice with (you know those $12 drumsticks you bought 
                  at the drum shop down the road?). buy a pair of cheap drumsticks 
                  to practice with so your good ones will last longer. just make 
                  sure that the cheap ones are straight and evenly matched. 
fast tips - most popular electronic
                  most popular electronic drums are roland, pintech, yamaha, and 
                  hart dynamics.
234. want to go to school for just drums? move beyond standard drum lessons and check out some of the 
                  more popular drum schools include percussion institute of technology 
                  (pit), los angeles music academy (lama), berkley college of 
                  music, drummer's collective, musitech, north texas state university 
                  and university of miami. the expert drummers often come from 
                  distinguished schools such as these. 
235. make your own shaker. simply take 
                  a small recycled can, jar or plastic bottle and fill it with 
                  beans, bb's, rice or pebbles. glue it firmly shut or tape it 
                  real good so that it isn't a hazzard. then experiment. use your 
                  imagination and come up with your own shaker sound!
236. cymbal polish: careful when you're 
                  cleaning cymbals. the "brilliant" type cymbals require 
                  a special non-abrasive cleaner that won't strip the lacquer 
                  coating. 
237. wax those bearing edges. pro drum 
                  techs do this to help the head "seat" better on the 
                  drum. more on drum 
                  tuning. 
238. having trouble coming up with drum fill 
                  ideas? try emulating drum fills of your favorite drummers 
                  off of their cd's. also, take some of the 40 drum rudiments 
                  and divide up the sticking patterns around the drums to make 
                  cool drumfills. you can also take a reading book like the jake 
                  hanna book and orchestra the reading exercises around the drums. 
                  practice these and it will spark many drum fill ideas!
239. if you sit in on someone else's drumset, try not to move things around too much. although they will often 
                  tell you it's ok, keep things as close to where they already 
                  had it set up as possible. if you have to move some of the drums 
                  and cymbal stands, please put them back when you're through. 
                  this is just common courtesy. drummers are usually funny about 
                  their drum set up. 
240. pay attention to your crosstick sound. many drummers don't take it seriously enough. go for that "sweet 
                  spot" on the stick (it's different on every drumstick) 
                  where the sound is warm and rich. it will make that power ballad 
                  sound that much more full and pleasing to the ear. 
241. practice playing softly. we all seem 
                  to know how to play with great force but what separates the 
                  men from the boys (as they say) are those that know how to play 
                  quietly when called upon. 

if 
                  it has to do with drums, you'll find it at drumbum.com.


242. stay with brand name drums and cymbals 
                  if possible. they usually hold up better and have greater 
                  resale value. brand name drums are pearl, tama, dw, and yamaha 
                  drumsets. brand name cymbals are zildjian, sabian, meinl, and 
                  paiste, among others. - more on buying 
                  a drumset
243. if you're a touring drummer, be sure 
                  to take your favorite drumsticks and drumheads on the road with 
                  you. music stores in small towns won't always have the drum 
                  supplies you need. 
244. careful not to grip the drumstick too 
                  tight. you don't want to be too tense when you play. on 
                  the contrary, don't hold the stick too loose. if you're not 
                  keeping your fingers underneath, you're more prone to dropping 
                  your drumsticks on a regular basis. 
245. forget about internal muffling for your 
                  snare drum or tom toms. that muffling technique has been 
                  proven substandard. explore the many external drum dampening 
                  methods including zero rings, duct tape, napkins and drum dampening 
                  attachments. whether you play in a rock band or a mainstream 
                  jazz group, you must learn how to muffle your drums effectively 
                  to get the optimum sound for that specific style of music. 
246. remember to "make music" when 
                  you play. drummers sometimes get too wrapped up in simple 
                  (and sometimes stagnate) time keeping. we have a tremendous 
                  and colorful palette in front of us and we owe it to ourselves, 
                  our bandmembers and our audience to contribute artistically 
                  by coloring the music tastefully. "tastefully" is 
                  the key word here. don't forget that. 
247. get your head out of the chart! it's 
                  great to be a confident reader but trust in your ability and 
                  take your eyes away from the paper now and then. this will allow 
                  you to focus on the groove.
248. how to dress up a drum fill: play 
                  a 16th note fill down the toms (you know, the old 1e&a, 
                  2e&a, 3e&a, 4e&a bit.) now add a flam to the fill 
                  on beats "1" and the "e" of 3. now we can 
                  take it a step further by adding an 8th note triplet on beat 
                  "4". throw in a bit of dynamics and you'll start to 
                  see a simple drumfill come alive! 
free 
                  drum videos       studio 
                  drumming tips       cool 
                  drum fills
249. some drummers struggle with what the 
                  bottom number of a time signature means. they understand that 
                  there is 4 beats to a measure in 4/4 time but don't always understand 
                  the bottom "4" number. well, it simply means "quarter 
                  note" (like one fourth is a "quarter" of 
                  a pie). the bottom number always means a "note" such 
                  as an 8th note (4/8 time signature), 16th note (4/16 time signature) 
                  and so on. there can't be a time signature like 4/7 because 
                  there is no such thing as a "7th" note. - get it? 
250. when you hear the word "waltz", 
                  play in 3/4 time. when you hear "cut time", 
                  play in 2/2. when you hear "slow blues", be 
                  prepared to play in 12/8 time. when you hear "jazz ballad", 
                  consider your wire brushes. when you hear, "country 
                  ballad ", consider a cross stick. 
251. celebrate 'national drumming day' 
                  on november 15th. create your own drum circle or give out free 
                  drum lessons to promote your name. if you teach at a drum shop 
                  or music store, you could have the owners sponsor you and give 
                  a discount for trying out a lesson on that day. for more information 
                  on national drumming day, visit drumming.com.

tips 
                  for winning a drum off competition
 
more 
                  tips here
drumtips.com - 1000's of drumming tips for drums and percussion
                  including drum set lessons, marching percussion, snare drum, 
                  hand drumming and drum tuning. 
                  buying tips, frequently asked questions, information on buying 
                  drums and drumsets (acoustic or electronic drums) including tips 
                  on buying used drums and used drumsets, teacher tips, drum 
                  tricks, double 
                  bass drumming, reading, drum rudiments, drumstick spinning 
                  or twirling, warm ups, drum fills, how to put a drumset together, 
                  cool rock drumbeats, blues beats, shuffles, drum fills, drumstick 
                  tricks, freehand technique, moeller method, and more! you can 
                  take formal drum lessons but you can also teach yourself drums 
                  through helpful tips and links at drumtips.com. this goes for 
                  rock band game drummers too!

                  if you have drum tips, please post 
                  them on our site! 
want to know how to 
                  get better at drumming? - drumbum.com

home   |  1  |  2  |  3  |  4  |  5  |  6  |  7  
                  |  8  | 
                   9  | 
                   10   | 
                   11  | 
                   12  | 
                   13  |  14 
drum tips that "you" submitted. -thank you!
search 
                  drumtips.com...
...and you 
                  may just find tips on carter beauford, adrian young, tommy lee, 
                  neil peart, cindy blackman, buddy rich, matt sorum, tommy aldridge, 
                  zoro, billy ward, dennis chambers, tony royster jr., steve smith, 
                  steve gadd, bobby rock, louie bellson, jack dejohnette, danny 
                  carey, chad wackerman, pat petrillo, virgil donati, ringo starr, 
                  john blackwell, jeff hamilton, chad smith, max roach, tony williams, 
                  rod morganstein, curt bisquera, horacio hernandez, joey kramer, 
                  lars ulrich, alex acuna, art blakey, art verdi, vinnie colaiuta, 
                  kenny aronoff, billy kilson, hal blaine, keith carlock, mike 
                  portnoy, joey jordinson, terry bozzio, will kennedy, paul wertico, 
                  tim alexander, mike mangini, johnny rabb, tom brechtlein, liberty 
                  devito, pat petrillo, mike clark, ndugu chancler, peter chris, 
                  tommy igoe, thomas lang, mickey hart, bermuda schwartz, dave 
                  dicenso, billy ashbaugh, ignacio berroa, roy haynes, clayton 
                  cameron, peter magadini, eric singer, joey heredia, dom famularo, 
                  bill bruford, gary husband, and many more!
  cool 
                  links
more 
                  about drums | drumming  | 
drum 
                  links 



 







 copyright © 
          
drumtips.com - all rights reserved
drum 
          lessons and tips on drums, drumsets, drummers, and percussion 
          visit drumbum.com for more free 
          drum lessons and drums tips









