

inter alia




















    
	inter alia
	
  
{a quasi daily diary of the happenings of my life}





sunday, february 26, 2006



	 
	 hurrayy for gem sweaters!!!
	 
    


well, i was trying unsuccessfully to write a paper tonight... which i had put off during the day... when of course, finny came into the room to distract me even more.  she sends me this link of probably the more disturbing, and yet funny video ever.  seriously people, this music video may actually rival that of the greatest college jam from last year "ma ya hi (dragostea din tei)."the song is called "gem sweater," and upon googling it, i've come to find out some interesting facts.  her real name is leslie hall... hmmm... not so proud to have this last name anymore... apparently this boston art student went home during the summer of 2004, hooked up her apple notebook, began jamming beats out on garageband, and called up some old 'homies from her elementary school days.  oh yeah, she also really likes her jem sweaters.  so anyways, apparently they made a band, filmed a few music videos, and began performing in their local talent shows.  her following is now huge, with devout fans ranging from all across the country.  you can read a more in depth story of her here...as for her music video, well,i hope you get a good laugh.  i know i'll never forget her outfit... whether i want to or not!her group's even been getting a lot of media press!so be sure to check out her website at myspace, and her official website as well, and listen to her other jams, like "beat dazzler" and "gold pants."  it's hilarious!current listening delights {leslie and the ly's obviously!!!}



posted by maggie at 10:42 pm
0 comments






thursday, february 23, 2006



	 
	 centennial 435 update...
	 
    


wow, it feels like forever since my last post!  it's been a fricken week!  haha... well, i don't really feel like studying for my midterm tomorrow, so i've decided to do the next best thing... which is typing a post that only about twenty people are actually going to read.  anyhoo, some crazy stuff's been going on in this room, and i thought it's about time that you all got an update about three annoying athletes... and one hawaiian girl.  so, without further adu... (is that even spelled right?)...first of all, our spoons are gone!  all of them!  and it was a fricken lot of spoons damnit!  so now we're left to eat our rasberry sorbet with forks.  and that's fricken hard... cause sorbet melts quick!  second of all, if you want an easy, and annoying prank to do, simply take a hell of a lot of pictures, (we found out that using a ton of the same picture... say like, a passport picture, works well), cut them out... and put them in the most random places ever to annoy a friend.  so far, finny's found about five of the dozen or so... one in the tea container, one in a notebook, one in a textbook, one in a picture frame, and one in the cd player which made her james blunt cd skip and  repeat... haha...thirdly, annette's becoming a vampire and has begun to actually pin the window blind against the wall to keep the sun out.  hmmm.fourth, annette's sick of my water puddles all over the bathroom after i shower, and i can't stand her fricken hair all over my stuff.  and we all can't stand american idol!!!  it's on all the time!  grrrrr!fifth... japanese candy is great to eat... especially when you can't read the labels and have no idea what you're putting in your mouth.  this led to a late night conversation about countries that eat rats (china), dogs (korea), and lobsters (us).  not sure why lobsters got into there...sixthly... that's not even a word... is it?  creepy todd's been coming around our hall... a lot!  mak, you may be summoned soon to ask him to leave.  he's been spotted on our floor almost daily, drifting up and down the hall looking at the names on the doors.  and he's been stopping at our's the most!  mak... i'm getting kinda paranoid.  he comes up through the stairwell beside our door.  he's realllllyyyy creepy.seventh... it you're annoyed or having a bad day, annette's found a fun way to lighten the situation... go to dictionary.com and look up swear words... and then click on the audio button to listen to the pronunciations.  "fu#k you a$$hole," was the phrase of choice in this room!  last but not least... annette is still trying to find a damn hedgehog for sale!  the oregon pet stores were no help, and rock and i aren't exactly sure that a suspicious box with airholes in it that's been flown in from who-knows-where is going to make it through ra customs.  but you keep looking annette... i'm sure you'll find one.so, that's what we've been up to... not too exciting... but hey, it's been a long week.  so give some of these ideas a try if you're feeling bored, blue, or bitchy.  it works for us!  and come drop by to see us... we love friendly faces... especially annette, and especially when it's to get your hair trimmed!  haha.current listening delights {ryan adams}



posted by maggie at 11:00 pm
1 comments






saturday, february 18, 2006



	 
	 farewell maureen!!!
	 
    


well, the week is over, and by this time, maureen breslin is well on her way to the next chapter of her life.  earlier last week, our assistant coach tearfully announced to our team that in one week, she would be leaving the field hockey team and moving on to her next challenge in life.  maureen breslin is a very amazing and talented individual who has traveled the world and has experienced many things that some of us will hopefully be lucky enough to do as well one day.  after graduating from bucknell university, she entered the peace corp. and moved to china to teach for two years.  after that amazing episode in her life, she settled down to finish her master's degree at american university where she was offered the goalie coaching job for the field hockey team.  and that's where she's been for the last three years.always lending a caring voice at practice, throwing out interesting information and insight into worldly topics during van rides at 5:30 am on the way to marland, baking us goodies and proofreading our papers, she was more than just a hockey coach.  she was a loving person who always tried to find the bright side in any situation.  but after finishing her degree last spring, it was only a matter of time before she had to move on.and that time was now.  today was regretfully, her last practice with us.  suiting up one last time in her goalie gear, she was joined by the senior class in an unforgettable practice of games and competition.  i bet more than a few fond memories were running through her head behind that goalie mask.  when our small group did our last cheer for the day, it was maureen's last cheer with the team.  later in the afternoon, she was destined for bigger and better things on board a train bound for north carolina.that's where the next chapter of her life will take her, as a teacher for the children of performers in ringling bro. barnum & bailey's circus.  for the next few years, she will be traveling all across the country, and probably across the globe with the entertainers as they put on shows for the masses.  no one can ever say that maureen breslin's life was dull, that's for sure!so our hats are off to you maureen.  you'll be widening your life ever more, and we'll still be here with our sticks in our hands at our predawn practices, because life must inevitably move on.  thank you for sharing your life with us, and being a part of our team.  we're all better people because of you.  good luck, and farewell maureen, may your journey be anything but boring!  our next cheer will be for you.  you'll always have a place on this team.  love, aufh.current listening delights {the bourne supremacy soundtrack}



posted by maggie at 1:19 am
0 comments






tuesday, february 14, 2006



	 
	 rant of the day...
	 
    


you know what bugs me?   all those stupid people out on the quad who don't know how to walk with a little courtesy!  i didn't think anyone actually needed to be told these common rules of engagement that are involved when walking on the sidewalk... for most people, you learn these about as early as you start to walk!  but obviously many of the stuckup snobby people here at school either are just plain ignorant and think their lives require more personal space than the rest of us, or they really are as stupid as they come off as.  so, let me explain the rules again... just in case you also are guilty of some of these pedestrian crimes! stay to the right of the walkway!  unless this is cambridge, which i'm pretty sure it isn't, we drive, and walk, on the right side of the road.  granted, you're supposed to walk on the opposite side of the road to be able to see oncoming traffic, but if a street isn't present anywhere within the area, keep to the right!  i'm so fricken sick of having to either go to the left around someone walking on my side, or even walk out into the grass to avoid them!don't take up the whole damn path!  if walking with friends, walk two across, maybe three if you're all super skinny, and simply have the rest of your friends do the same behind you.  there's absolutely no reason that a mob of girls should be striding down the walkway four abreast like the troupe from "mean girls!"  believe me, you're not that hot.walk in a straight line!  either you're drunk, or you simply can't talk on the phone or fiddle with your ipod and walk at the same time.  if this is the case, either don't answer your phone while in stride, or pick a really long playlist to avoid having to change tunes along the way.  i can't count the number of times i've seen people trying to get to class and have politely tried to pass someone dipshitting around only to have that same person (the dipshit) run into them stupidly.in regards to the above rule, if you truly have to answer your phone, stop and talk to someone, or pick a new tune, move out of the way!  take a step to the side and let the masses pass.  i know you just want to look important by making a scene and having everyone pass around you, but miss, i've seen those shades of uggs before, flip phones are old news, and if you're in a sorority, no one cares!  so just go ahead and wear a sweatshirt on cold days, 'cause i guarantee you no one's looking at your sigma chi or whatever matching t shirts!last but not least, for all you hippies on campus, there's this big thing called grass out there to sit on, so don't start doing your homework while sitting cross legged on the cement.  people just think you're annoying.  and if the grass is wet, there's these other nifty little things that dot the whole campus called benches!  or if you're really feeling adventurous, try a table for god's sake!so there's my rant for the day... it's truly been bugging me for a while, so no, i didn't just write it because i want to be bitchy on valentine's day!  i know for certain that these people bug you too!  why they think they are so much better than everyone else, i'll never understand.  so continue holding doors for these people, say "please" and "thank you," and be nice... but if someone truly annoys you and acts ridiculously out in public, be a true dc'er... put your shoulder down, heft up your backpack, and ram 'em into them!  we're all allowed to be bitchy sometimes.  just don't make a habit out of it.  or else i'll soon be writing about you!current listening delights {korn}



posted by maggie at 3:39 pm
1 comments






thursday, february 09, 2006



	 
	 wtf?!!
	 
    


people just seem to get crazier and stupider as the day goes on...hence, post number two for the day.  okay, i'm going to get right to the point in this one.  so here it is... about an hour ago i was checking in on one of my favorite sites to see if there were any updates today, when i came across one of the most bizzare concepts ever!  it's like this, everyone knows how hard it is to lose a loved one... we've all been through that before at some time or another.  most people hold a ceremony and lay their family member or friend in the ground to forever rest in peace, or have them cremated.  that's normal.  but now, you can remember your lost one in a new way.introducing the wave of the future...  putting your deceased's remains into a mold and poof!  you have a genuine diamond magically created out of their ashes!  you can thank lifegem for this crazy gimmick.  so first of all...eww... this is just weird... and gross.  for those of you who think angelina jolie was whacked out for dangling a vile of billy bob thornton's blood around her neck a few years back, then this just should creep you out more.  i mean, the concept doesn't actually sound that bad.  you get to pass along a part of your loved one down through the generations in honor of them.the problem i have with it is the picture of the bedazzled beauty queen princess wanna-a-be that seems to be maxed to the t's in all that glitter.   i wonder how many people she had to whack off to get all that bling?  grandparents, great grandparents... well, maybe not.  maybe she couldn't bring herself to do those kinds of freaky ass acts of weirdness... maybe she went for the more laid back approach and just ran over her dog and sacrificed him for the diamonds.  which is an option by the way... well, the dog part is...but not the "running over part."  i mean, according to the site, it only takes eight ounces to make a diamond... so you figure, a golden retriever's good for at least a dozen rings or so. here woofers!! here boy!whatever happened to scattering ashes over the ocean, putting flowers next to a site, or maybe even getting a tattoo in remembrance of someone?  in my opinion, you should be making the sacrifice and taking the effort to remember them... like driving five hours to their resting place, or enduring the pain of an ink filled needle in your arm.  but adding a piece of a loved one into bling that's probably just going to end up being mugged off of you on new mexico avenue or being lost down the drain seems not only a waste, but a disgrace to the loved one.  i say, quit being a tight ass and fork over the money for a real diamond, from a legitimate jewelry shop, and leave the ashes in the urn on the bookcase where they belong...current listening delights {whatever the hell annette's listening to}



posted by maggie at 8:01 pm
0 comments









	 
	 oops, she did it again...
	 
    


oh britney, what the hell are we going to do with you?  first of all, dating your backup singer while his wife was pregnant was bad enough... then you had to make it worse by stomping around in public bathrooms barefoot.  and over the course of the next few months, you continued your degrading downward slope to the epitome of all out white trailer trash by wearing shirts with no bra, and getting married in track suits displaying such words as pimps, and hot mamas on the back.  then you got "lucky" and got knocked up...and blew up... big time! hmmm... anyone else seeing a trend here?so now you've just proven how stupid you are to us as well, as if we couldn't already decipher that one on our own, by driving with your infant son on your lap!  okay, i get it... you wanted to get away from those damn paparazzi photographers.  but claiming you  drove with 'baby on board' in the front seat with you because you feared what the paparazzi'd do to you?  uhhh... i'm pretty sure those guys can't physically stab you with their cameras... way too expensive for that kind of stuff.  and wasn't your body guard sitting in the passenger seat right beside you?  why didn't he do anything about it if you felt so threatened?  i'm pretty sure you're paying them to, well, protect you, right?   anyways, as "frightfully horrifying" as your ordeal was... i'm pretty sure it was more traumatic for lil' sean.  hey, here's an idea... next time you want to go out braless and barefoot, maybe leave the baby at home with the useless body guard so you can flee even faster!  yeah, that sounds like a great idea... i'm brilliant!current listening delights {britney spears... just kidding... cartel}



posted by maggie at 12:57 pm
0 comments






tuesday, february 07, 2006



	 
	 holy $h*t!!!
	 
    


okay, first of all, the sad thing is that i know this show and have actually seen it before... second of all... even though it's related to gaming, everyone will find this amazing!  so here i was in my room, avoiding homework... as usual, surfing the web for whatever i find to my fancy.  i ended up at your typical stupid video site and found the most insane clip ever!the clip is called "granny gamer," and i've got to tell you, this woman would kick anyone's ass in video games.  living a simple life, she tells the show that she's been gaming for over twenty years and just never seemed able to put down the controller.  while that's not super extraordinary, the kind of games that she plays is!  this granny's tearing it up in gta, resident evil, doom, and just about any other obscenely gory, super scary, extremely difficult game out there.  she's been interviewed on cnn, mtv, msn, and even has her own blog!so what does it take for a lady at this age to be so good at gaming?  from the looks of it, a comfy chair, boring grandchildren that are easily ignored, and tons of droppings of the f* bomb.  while her friends think she's "going to hell," she says, "to hell with them!"  wow... don't think i'd put a real gun in her hand any time soon!  anyways, even if you know nothing about gaming, as an avid player, i can tell you this... some of the games are so realistic that if you play them in the dark you'll have nightmares, they can take forever to beat and frustrate the hell out of you, and cost a lot of money.  so either this lady's crazy, or she's cool as hell.  you make the decision.  i say, rock on!  current listening delights {the transplants}



posted by maggie at 6:27 pm
0 comments






monday, february 06, 2006



	 
	 great new albums!!!
	 
    


hey everyone... well, sorry to say that this is not, i repeat, not one of my typical posts of gut-wrenching stories of practice runs from hell or praise for a talented new university artist. instead, i'm here to give you my review of two great new albums by two very successful bands... ladies and gents, i give to you... yellowcard and cartel.first of all is yellowcard... these veterans of the music scene have been around the block a few times and have matured a lot along the way. while their previous albums dealt with silly songs and teenage romance, their latest album, "lights and sounds," tends to run with the theme of war, death, life, and simply how to accept the inevitable fact that everyone grows up and moves on. anyone not familiar with this band should become familiar with them... quickly! not truly punk, somewhat alternative, and with a little bit of rock and pop, this guitar group sticks it to the competition with classical motifs and violin solos. songs like "sure thing falling," "how i go," "holly wood died," and "city of devils," will be sure to pique your interest. so click on the previews below and give them a listen! three flights uplights and sounds down on my headsure thing falling city of devils rough landing, holly two weeks from twenty waiting game martin sheen or jfk space travel grey words, hands, hearts how i go holly wood died the second album in this review is from a group that i'm fairly new to.  the group calls themselves cartel, and like yellowcard, their second album shows a lot of growth from their early days.  titled "chroma," this album goes hand in hand with yellowcard in their style and grace with powerful lyrics and amazing beats.  many of the songs are fast and upbeat, as in the case of "honestly." but later in the album the songs tend to become more personal and emotional... leading the listener back through the entire album by a creative use of lyrics from the previous songs.  the last three songs in particular can easily be put on 'repeat' for hours without tiring of them... so if you liked yellowcard, or are simply interested in new music like i am, give this band a try too!  say anything (else) honestly runaway matter of time burn this city save us luckie st. settle down if i fail the minstrel's prayer q a current listening delights {yellowcard, cartel}



posted by maggie at 5:31 pm
5 comments











about me

name:  maggie 
location:  washington, d.c., united states 
senior undergraduate at american university studying studio art with a focus in multimedia.
view my complete profile

links

art sites
check out these amazingly talented artists
the art of adi granov
jason chan
digitalkitcken2005
wandbilt
jo chen's manga
the art of todd lockwood
bittorrents
download shows, movies, and music 
torrent spy
torrentz
mp3raid
software downloaders
free popular software and media
tucows downloader
download.com
upload providers
send and receive massive files
streamload.com
yousendit
random fun
links of fun and laughter
new grounds
the best page in the universe
i-am-bored
college humor
albino blacksheep
ebaum's world
homestar runner
ifilm
original ideas
some of the most creative website ideas
graffiti creator
techie diva
couchsurfing
the facebook
underground news
the news in a new light and perspective
the daily jolt
guerrilla news
white house
computer troubleshooting
solve computer problems with simple downloads
quicktime
macromedia flash
adobe acrobat
ad-aware spyware filter
free-codecs.com

previous posts

hurrayy for gem sweaters!!!
centennial 435 update...
farewell maureen!!!
rant of the day...
wtf?!!
oops, she did it again...
holy $h*t!!!
great new albums!!!
artist of the week...
just shoot me now...

archives

february 2006




 







 



