



























nacms | north american center for marianist studies




















skip to main content




















   





search 






 











menutoggle menu visibilityabout uscontact us
visit us

librarydirected research
library catalog
marianist library classification
marianist subject headings
nacms cumulative index

podcastssharing our marianist stories
advent marian meditations
lenten meditations
stations of easter meditations

programsmarianists write now!
msp 2.0
new employee orientation
online marianist history course
online reading and conversation groups
presentations
spirit of saragossa retreat
vowed marianist formation

publicationsbookstore
community meeting kits
e-publications
general chapter of 1981 documentary
marianist heritage virtual tour
newsletter
recorded webinars
copyright policy

 









the north american center for marianist studies provides resources to people interested in the marianist family and to marianist ministries. through programs, publications, research, and a special library collection, nacms strives to link the vision of the marianist founders to the contemporary church and world. nacms is sponsored by the society of mary, a catholic religious order.

















 
bookstore 
   

 
community meeting kits 
   

 
directed research 
   

 
e-learning 
   

 
e-publications 
   

 
program highlight 
   


 




now at nacms





the witness of the first lay marianist consecration


 



              bro. tim phillips, sm offers this reflection on the first lay marianist consecration on february 2, 1801, which marked the beginning of the marianist family.              



read more about the witness of the first lay marianist consecration




podcast - a continental shift: from dayton to rome (bro. dennis bautista, sm)


 



              when he traveled to rome for the society of mary’s general chapter of 2024, brother dennis bautista, sm, did not anticipate being elected to the society of mary’s general administration. in this episode of sharing our marianist stories, brother dennis recounts his initial reactions to his election, the challenges and reflections in his transition period, his emotional farewells with various communities, and his thoughts on the responsibilities that await him.              



read more about podcast - a continental shift: from dayton to rome (bro. dennis bautista, sm)



 











contact us
faq
privacy policy
society of mary, province of the united states
international organization of marianist lay communities
marianist lay communities of north america
marianist sisters
 





        copyright © nacms | website: cedc





