


globallink







 | 
 globallink 
 





                globallink - electronic trading platforms
            



fund connect


 fx connect


 fx connect mtf


 bestx


 currenex


 tradenexus





globallink electronic trading platforms

                increasingly, market participants are battling a complex regulatory and commercial environment, making efficient and comprehensive trading solutions vital for organizations to remain competitive. with a shrinking number of banks offering deep liquidity across a broad range of currencies and products, it is important for both sides of the street to choose their trading partners and related technologies with care. our global suite of award-winning electronic trading platforms is designed to increase transparency, improve trading efficiency and deliver quantifiable execution.

                the buy-side continues to wrestle with pressure on margins, with clients expecting asset managers to prove their trades are being executed at the best possible price, using the most efficient methods. meanwhile, buy-side dealing desks are contending with the fragmentation of liquidity. these dealing desks need to be aware of advances in trading techniques as a result of the continued electronification of trading.

                asset owners have their own challenges, with new regulatory directives in place, demanding that both pension funds and insurers have a better understanding of execution quality.
                we offer unified electronic trading across multiple open-source architecture platforms, backed by proprietary research, aiming to provide you with a better-informed trade execution capability.
we offer comprehensive solutions for every client profile.
globallink digital℠
our open platform unifies the desktop experience to provide easy-to-deploy and customizable trading and workflow solutions, with access to liquidity, financing and asset intelligence. globallink digital℠ allows for best-in-class services, including our suite of trading applications, as well as single sign on (sso) to market-leading partners and clients' internal applications.
view the brochure
fx connect®
www.fxconnect.com
our multi-currency, multi-bank foreign exchange (fx) trading platform offers real-time fx execution, comprehensive trading capabilities and process efficiencies, with integration into confirmation and transaction cost analysis platforms.
view the brochure
currenex®
www.currenex.com
our automated, multi-source fx liquidity/trade matching platform offers anonymous or bilaterally disclosed quotes, as well as digital and fixed-income trading platforms through private label agreements.
view the brochure
fund connect®
www.fundconnectportal.com
our cash management portal connects investors to global liquidity through money market products managed by leading fund providers. in addition to research and analytics on more than 300 funds worldwide, fund connect facilitates automated trade settlement and integrations with third-party systems. private label opportunities are available for qualified financial services institutions.
view the brochure
globallink synergy℠
our outsourced, private label service offers brokers and regional banks an efx trading capability, without the costly investment in infrastructure.
view the brochure
tradenexus℠
www.tradenexussolutions.com
our automated confirmation matching and settlement platform offers straight-through post-trade capability and mitigates operational risk. 
view the brochure
bestx®
www.bestx.co.uk
our innovative multi-asset transaction cost analysis (tca) platform offers pre- and post-trade tca for fx, fixed income and equities transactions. 
view the brochure

what's new
announcing our bestxecutor℠ solution
combining the precision of our bestx tca insights and the power of our fx connect trading platform, bestxecutor is a decision augmentation tool that offers actionable pre-trade analytics to optimize request-for-stream and algo execution.
view the brochure
hear from our experts
awards
we're proud to be recognized as an industry leader across our globallink solutions, partnerships and insights.

globallink digital is recognized as the world's best fx trading technology solution (euromoney fx awards 2024)
bestx recognized as the world's best technology provider for fx data management (euromoney fx awards 2024)
bestx recognized as best execution product of the year (risk markets technology awards 2024)
tradenexus named best bank for post-trade services (fx markets - fx markets asia awards 2024)
fx connect voted best foreign exchange platform (financial news - fn trading tech awards 2023)
globallink digital voted best new product (markets media - markets choice awards 2023)
fx connect recognized as best fx venue for real money clients (euromoney foreign exchange awards 2023)





 globallink email support 

glhelp@statestreet.com, jphelp@statestreet.com (japan only)


 globallink phone support 

 north america :  +1-877-454-3570 



 europe :  +44-(0)20-3395-7864 



 singapore : +65-6826-7166 


 hong kong : +852-2978-9202 


 taiwan : +886-2-2376-1314 


 japan : +81-3-4530-7520 


 korea : +82-2-3706-4520 


 australia : +612-8249-1208 ( toll free: 1-800-glhelp(454357) )








© state street corporation - all rights reserved




 contacts




 legal disclosure




 privacy notice






