





prmwire – press release distribution

































































 









skip to content

 












 












 










home
about us
pricing
newsroom
contact
 








            
                    
                    client login
                                                        












 






 







get featured on: 



fox, nbc, cbs 



and many more high authority media outlets 



your release skillfully crafted by veteran pr writers and then distributed via the best syndication channels the pr industry has to offer. a top tier service at a fraction of the price the big guys will charge you! 





            
                    
                    view packages
                                                        









 



 



 















 







over 15 years of low budget pricing paired with premium distribution channels and the most experienced writers we can get our hands on. 







#1  agency for best pr performance per dollar 



















we follow best practices & industry standards 



each release is crafted so that it meets all the required industry guidelines and best practices. making sure your release gets approved by as many media outlets as possible. 







 



















 



 



 



 







our clients get real results 



achieve big brand exposure by being published on real high authority news outlets across the web. 




 5/5 







get started now























not all pr services are created equal 



to get the same quality writing & distribution via competing agencies you could end up paying anywhere from 2x to 25x more!  



(when comparing options equivalent to our us premium package) 







 



 








competitor one 
$
0








competitor two 
$
0








competitor three 
$
0























									clients & resellers  prmwire								














prmwire is by far the best pr company i’ve ever used and i’ve tried most of them. their customer service is outstanding, their team of writers is extremely dedicated to perfection and their pricing is the best in the business.




                robert clark            

                    pma11                


     












i resell their press releases to my clients and i couldn’t ask for better customer service and my clients love the results. just an all-round great company to work with. i’ll definitely be back for more. thanks again guys!




                sheryll hitzl            

                    make it go seo                


     












my press release was found on over 260 sites and my traffic had a huge spike. i sold 8 units and my website actually moved up a few pages in google….i defintiely give prm 5 stars for their service!




                dan millman            

                    figure 4 llc                


     




















get your brand the attention it deserves today!























 



the pr agency that’ll give you the best industry distribution channels at the lowest prices possible. 







company 






about us




contact




privacy policy




newsroom











services 






pricing




faq's




editorial guidelines




terms & conditions















© 2023 prmwire.com - all rights reserved 















































