






pine island ny chamber of commerce | orange county ny












































 










menuhomeblack dirt feastdirectorybusiness directorycommunity membersjoinbenefits of membershipbusiness member: join/renew onlinebusiness member: join/renew pdfcommunity member: join/reneweventsevents & newsenewsblack dirt scholarship2024 scholarship winnersaboutabout usevent/announcementvisit pine island nyblack dirt regionjobsconnect
 


installation of officers & youth award winner 




join 




black dirt region 




events 




subscribe to our enews 




black dirt scholarship winners 

 


 
welcome!the pine island chamber of commerce promotes and advocates for the businesses and citizens in and around pine island, new york.
we have served this community since 1961. today, with nearly 130+ members, the pine island chamber continues as an organization run by volunteers from our local businesses and individual community members.
visit our directory to find local businesses, and check out our events page to see all we have to offer. joining the chamber is easy. just click here to apply online! 
chamber news 

installation of officers & youth award winnerthis year’s winner is angel gualan.read more 

 


 
member directorymember spotlightwelcome new & renewing members!
learn morelearn morelearn morelearn more


contact us
(845) 258-1469
email us
mailing address:
po box 354
pine island, ny 10969
come to a meeting
meeting location
we typically meet the third monday of the month at 7pm at the pine island firehouse. chamber members and the public are invited to attend. click here for directions.
socialize!
facebookinstagramxsearch our directory
picoc directory
use our directory to find eateries, home improvement specialists, businesses, retailers and so much more. click here for directory.
© pine island ny chamber of commerce
photos: all rights reserved. images may not be copied or downloaded without express permission from picoc.
privacy policy • website accessibility statement
website: devinedesign.com

 menu












please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

