


patterson-modesto hotel | best western plus villa del lago








best western plus villa del lago
































home
rooms
amenities
meeting and events

group bookings



request proposal




things to do 



local events
blog



contact us
hotel gallery


book



















call















home










a gem among hotels in patterson, ca


t: 209-892-5300


book








hotels in patterson, modesto ca

                    when it comes to patterson hotels and modesto hotels that offer ultimate comfort, convenience and excellent service – the best western plus villa del lago inn is at the top of the list. our charming hotel is nestled in a peaceful valley beneath the stunning diablo mountains and has an unbeatable location in patterson, california.
                











comfortable accommodations

                            our modern hotel rooms are designed with our guest’s comfort in mind. enjoy a good night’s rest in plush beds, watch your favorite movies on 40” lcd tvs, take a dip in our refreshing outdoor pool and surf the web with complimentary high-speed wireless internet.
                        







amazing location

                            the best western villa del lago is conveniently located near local central valley vineyards and wineries along with stunning lakes, breathtaking mountains and beautiful parks. there is something for everyone whether you are looking to unwind and relax or an outdoor adventure.
                        







our amenities

                            guests have everything at their fingertips when they stay with us. our amenities include a family friendly outdoor pool, 24-hour business center, complimentary high-speed wi-fi, spectacular
                            on-site dining and so much more.
                        











pet friendly and accessible
we know how hard it is to leave your beloved pet behind when you travel. we are pleased to offer pet-friendly rooms, as well as accessible rooms so that we can accommodate everyone and make everyone feel right at home.
















home
rooms
amenities
meetings & events
group bookings
things to do
local events
blog
contact
gallery
sitemap





                        best western plus villa del lago inn
                        2959 speno drive
                        patterson, california  95363
                        united states 
                    

email: info@villalago.com
reservations: 209-892-5300





facebook






tripadvisor







send us a message





name






email






message





send











villa
rewards
 aaa-caa
 green
 visit


wherever life takes you, best western is there. each best western branded hotel is independently owned and operated.




                   
                 © 2002–2020 best western international,inc. all rights reserved.  
                

terms & conditions
 privacy


website by digital hospitality


























