




home - new home - feedmore wny









































































 


 


    home - new home - feedmore wnyfeedmore wny | more food. more good.  









































search for:


 


search
contact us
careers
for partners 




about us





 


our mission, vision and valuesteamfacilitiesfinancialscontact us 
 

our programs





 


meal servicesmeals expressnutrition assistancesnap resourcesfood farmacyfarm marketnutrition educationcommunity meal servicesrise - workforce training 
 

our events





 


fill the backpackparty at the pierrock out hungercheck out hungerfood 2 familiesspread the lovespring plant salesweet expectations 
 

resources





 


newsblogrequest a speakerfor agency partnersadvocate 
 









donate



volunteer



find food














 




feedmore wny is investing in the future by centralizing its operations to a new facility in the town of hamburg!  







the problem
due to a rapid increase in food insecurity among western new york residents, current feedmore wny facilities are operating beyond their capacity to meet the service needs of the region. 


the solution
to continue expanding regional food programs and providing its current services, feedmore wny will build a 197,700 square-foot facility to centralize its regional operations on a 74-acre site in the town of hamburg.


the need
after reaching nearly two-thirds of its fundraising goal to establish a permanent home for the organization, feedmore wny is kicking off the public phase of its campaign and inviting the community to participate in this critical project.






i want to learn more about the capital campaign and new headquarters!
learn more



i want to support feedmore wny by donating to the capital campaign!
donate










meal services
our expanded meal services deliver more than just healthy food.
read more



find food
locate food pantries and dining sites throughout western new york.
read more



nutrition assistance
learn about ways you can receive additional nutrition assistance.
read more



nutrition education
learn how to maintain a healthy lifestyle through nutrition workshops, cooking classes and more.
read more














spread the love
help us ‘spread the love’ in february!
support feedmore wny by donating urgently-needed peanut butter as part of our spread the love peanut butter drive throughout the month of february. beginning thursday, feb. 1, peanut butter donations can be dropped off to feedmore wny!

donations will be collected through friday, feb. 28.

drop-off hours: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. mondays through fridays and 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. saturdays

drop-off site: feedmore wny warehouse, 91 holt st., buffalo

make a virtual peanut butter donationyou can purchase and donate peanut butter directly to our food distribution warehouse by clicking here. 









signatures needed!
feedmore wny, in partnership with feeding new york state, has been diligently working to set 2025 budget priorities to combat food insecurity across the state. we need your support to reach our goal of 700 signatures on our petition urging governor hochul and nys legislators to fully fund hunger relief. 

access sign-on letter

















feedmore wny reaches major milestone with first steel beams for new campus
feedmore wny’s construction crews began putting steel in ground for our organization’s new unified campus in hamburg on february 4th. truckloads of steel have been arriving over the past several days. the first installation of steel is to erect what will be the commissary for the new building. this milestone is a significant step toward a bigger and more sufficient campus to help us feed our neighbors in need.


learn more









save the date for sweet expectations 2025
sweet expectations 

a feedmore wny benefit 

 

wednesday, may 21st 

5:00 – 8:00pm  

 

  

4:30 vip and sponsor reception 

 

  

resurgence brewing company 

55 chicago st, buffalo, ny 14204




learn more









community feedback
“it’s an amazing gift to know that they’re bringing my dad a hot meal every day,” 
— donna, caregiver of home-delivered meals recipient.


 




























                    feedmore wny
                    100 james e. casey dr.
                    buffalo, ny 14206
                    716-822-2002
hello@feedmorewny.org




contact
careers

for partner agencies




























©2025, feedmore wny. all rights reserved.


privacy policy







 

































