





welcome to sara kristine becker



 

                                                                



                    
                                                                                                 
  




welcome to sara kristine becker's home page! 

   
 
starting on december 3, 2012  i will be seeing patients 
at our oregon city clinic on mondays and thursday at providence willamette falls 
medical building , medical plaza 2, suite 25, 1508 division street, oregon city 
, oregon   97045

i will see patients at my regular office tuesdays and 
wednesday at 3033 se monroe, milwaukie,  oregon   97222
i will do flight physicals at both offices.  i will still 
be seeing patients certain saturdays and evenings

 
please note that all flight physicals must be submitted 
through medxpress (see faa website)
 
after 12 years, i have resigned from the old town 
clinic.   i have been honored to work with a remarkable group of 
dedicated professionals at this clinic dedicated to the poor and homeless.  
they have been compassionate to me and have treated my special group of patients 
with extraordinary care and dignity.  i know they will continue to do so

 
i am please to place this 
announcement on the website.  northwest primary care has sponsored this 
concert series which promises to be one of the premier concert series in the 
united states.  click on the link for more info.  
portland classic guitar concert 
series   

 












 
 
 
 
     
the only thing better than having one 
child graduate from college is to have two graduate.
to my children aaron and alena of whom i could not be prouder
the only thing better than achieving 
your dream is having your children achieve theirs
to my son and daughter who both 
graduated from the university of oregon 
 
-
 


celiac disease presented to the oregon association of licensed 
electrologists    updated 2/20/2007!
 

sara
kristine becker is a board certified family physician who for twenty six years has
practiced family medicine and obstetrics in portland, oregon.  
she obtained
a bachelors of science in computer science at michigan state university where
she taught for two years.  she
graduated from the university of michigan medical school with her md degree in
1977.  her residency in family
medicine was completed in 1980.   
she started her practice in milwaukie,
oregon in 1980.  
she is a diplomat of the american board of family practice and was an
associate clinical professor of family practice at oregon health sciences
university in portland, oregon. she is a 
paul harris fellow in rotary international.   she
is a licensed multiengine; instrument rated commercial pilot and an aviation
medical examiner for the federal aviation administration. 
she is interested in human factors in aviation accidents.  her hobbies are
flying, computers, piano, classical guitar,  growing orchids, walking, and writing.
her
professional interests are general family medicine, aviation medicine, and
hormone replacement therapy. she is a member of the harry s. benjamin
international gender dysphoria
association, the oregon academy of family medicine, the oregon medical
association, the american academy of family physicians, and the civil aviation
medical association. she is on the active staff of providence milwaukie
hospital  and the courtesy staff of portland adventist medical center.  
she is on the volunteer staff at the old town clinic and the outside-in clinic 
where homeless individuals are given free medical care.
                                                                         
                             


 curriculum vitae

 class 2 and 3 flight physicals
 experienced with the special issuance process
 
for once you have tasted flight 
you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards,             
for there you have been 
and there you will long to return. 

-- leonardo da vinci

 
 
northwest primary care group,
p.c. (directions)                               


                                                                                                           
3033
se monroe
milwaukie,
oregon  97222  
office
phone 503-659-4988
fax 503-659-4730                     
office
hrs. m-t-w-t (some saturdays) 8:00 am to 4:30 pm
 


                                  

                                                                  

 



 
 

sara kristine becker, md  all rights reserved.
11/25/2012 06:51 pm


 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 


