

tabletips' sarasota/bradenton/venice florida savvy restaurant-diners society









 
   savvy diners resources

home

join us!

contact us


write a dining review 

read dining
reviews

savvy diners
savings

trivia challenge

our link-partners

sds email news 

ad rates & data


insider tips on sarasota, venice,
    bradenton florida restaurants. menus, contests, prizes; dining reviews 
and email dining news. free to contributing members.


a community of knowledgeable,
    enthusiastic restaurant-diners.
successor to tabletips' popular, pocket-size magazine, for 20 years,
bradenton, sarasota and venice florida's leading dining guide.
restaurant
    reporters wanted!





sponsors

sarasota restaurants




join us! membership is free to contributing
    sarasota,
bradenton venice full-time and/or seasonal residents. 
members who complete critical moment restaurant reviews and contribute to our email news discussions enjoy unique benefits. these active members
    may win dining gift certificates, order menus via email, win trivia contest prizes, save
    money with special sds dining values and more!
if you dine
    frequently in saramana-area eateries and will write to share your dining experiences with
    other savvy diners, you're invited to request free membership in our group!
to subscribe to the
        savvydiner mailing list, enter 
your email address.  * hosted by yahoo! groups

enjoy gala savvy diners dinners
members of our
    community gather to enjoy exclusive
    value-priced dinners at leading area restaurants.
the sds e-mail news
where "word of mouth"
    begins!
where knowledgeable savvy diners
    freely express their opinions, share dining tips and discuss restaurant-dining
    experiences. free to participating members!. to read a recent issue of our e-news, 
    click here

save up to 50% with the entertainment book!

two-for-one dining at scores of the
sarasota-area's 
leading restaurants ...and more!
for up to date information about sarasota restaurants visit restaurantsinsarasota.com
leading restaurants ...and more!



 




hosted by




