


schmitt söhne wines | wine production and export







































by entering the schmitt söhne website, you affirm that you are of legal drinking age in the country where this site is accessed.



yes


no



by entering you agree to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. we advocate a responsible use of alcohol. official member of wine in moderation.

unfortunately, this page is not accessible to you!




© 2025 schmitt söhne gmbh weinkellerei • weinstraße 8 • 54340 longuich, germany • privacy policy  • imprint












about us



family


history


the schmitt söhne team





winemaking



quality levels


grape varieties


wine growing regions


german wine labeling





products


meet the team



jobs/application





contact


events



meet us...


previous events









schmitt söhne family winery




menü
close





search






what are you searching for?
































































all eyes on relax wines / still and sparkling

our „relax range“ offers a wide selection of easy going wines with clean and straightforward labels. with its modern design and approachable taste profile, the relax range appeals to a broad spectrum of wine drinkers. the name relax and the motto “refresh! relax! repeat!” perfectly convey what the wines are all about. enjoying them, you can just lean back and relax.
to the collection






all eyes on schmitt söhne family wines

one of germany's most successful riesling ranges for export. from the mosel-saar-ruwer as well as from the rheinhessen region and available as qba dry, qba, kabinett, spätlese and auslese.
to the collection






all eyes on fünf wines

translated from german, “fünf” literally means five. after all, most fun starts at five o'clock, doesn’t it? fünf makes wine fun and easy. with a friendly price-point and easy-to-open screw-top, fünf complements schmitt söhne's line as an everyday wine for wine lovers and casual consumers alike.
to the collection






all eyes on thomas schmitt private collection

as a fourth generation wine specialist, thomas schmitt has travelled the legendary wine growing regions of his country. through these journeys he has collected some of the most superb wines for his own enjoyment as well as that of his family and friends, and of course for our valued customers.
to the collection






all eyes on mosel selection

mosel wines grow in the slate-soil that is typical for the region. this has a special advantage: the soil stores the heat of the sun during the daytime and gives it back to the vines at night. growth is therefore stimulated in a natural way. the mosel region has a temperate climate, with warm summers and mild winters. mosel wines are mostly pale in color, light bodied with a lively, delicate fruity acidity.
to the collection






all eyes on rhine selection

sheltered by the surrounding low mountain ranges, this region is favoured by mild climatic conditions. the clayish slate soil produce wines with lively acidity. riesling, müller-thurgau and kerner grow best on these soils. rhine wines are mostly fresh, fragrant and show a fruity acidity.
to the collection






all eyes on global roaming

our global roaming wines are sourced from premier wine growing regions from germany and all over the world. the selection includes white, rosé and red wines of well known grape varietals. enjoy!
to the collection










































welcome
schmitt söhne family winery




during its evolution from a small local winery to one of the leaders in german wine exports, schmitt söhne has never lost sight of its focus: to produce wines of first-class quality that meet modern customer as well as market requirements and developing innovative projects in line with the spirit of the times.

more about our history





our “thomas schmitt private collection” estate bottled wines are made from the finest mosel rieslings and an exceptional mosel pinot noir. specifically collected for our valued customers who appreciate exquisite wines. this collection offers a qba, kabinett, spätlese and auslese, as well as a qba-dry and a pinot noir. “extraordinary,” “classy” and “first-class” are the flattering characterizations given to these wines by our fans/customers.
our “relax range” offers a wide selection of easy going wines with clean and straightforward labels. with its modern design and approachable taste profile, the relax range appeals to a broad spectrum of wine drinkers. the name relax and the motto “refresh! relax! repeat!” perfectly convey what the wines are all about. enjoying them, you can just lean back and relax.
the “schmitt söhne family-series” is the success story of schmitt söhne in the usa. this series was first introduced in 1996 in the distinctive blue bottle to create a new market trend. the grapes for these wines are grown in the slate soil typical to the mosel valley of the mosel-saar-ruwer region as well as in the rheinhessen areal. today, these wines are the most successful german rieslings in north american and in a great number of other countries as well.
the “fünf” label is a delightful wine developed for a generation that’s open for fun. fünf wines consist of a riesling from germany, a moscato from italy and a refreshing and fruity sangria from spain. these wines became an instant hit among younger wine enthusiasts.
the “global roaming” selection is dedicated to wine lovers who prefer dry wines. none of the wines in this category (global roaming riesling, global roaming pinot grigio, global roaming cape rosé and a global roaming pinot noir) contain more than 9g/l residual sugar. these wines are selected from growing regions all across the world, starting with germany and south africa.











any questions? send inquiry









© 2025 schmitt söhne gmbh weinkellerei • weinstraße 8 • 54340 longuich, germany •




privacy policy


imprint


jobs













privacy policy


imprint


jobs










