






home page




















-
f52f00bd0209f415a064e8edb0744e8d

 ?xml version="1.0"?>

-
f52f00bd0209f415a064e8edb0744e8d



























welcome








home


carrbridge


about us


menus


contact us


how to find carrbridge


pictures of the area




home page



 

 


carrmoor guest house



our family run non-smoking licensed guest house and 
restaurant is set in the beautiful cairngorm national park 
in the centre of the scottish highlands (inverness shire). 
carrmoor guest house is over 100 years old and set in a 
peaceful friendly atmosphere where your comfort and 
satisfaction is our priority. guests return time and time 
again to carrmoor and a warm welcome awaits them. all 
accommodation is en-suite.





 carrmoor guest house inverness shire is situated 
in the cairngorms national park. in september we 
have the chainsaw carvings and we also have the 
world porridge making championship in october 
in the village. 


carrmoor guest house in inverness shire is a very good base for touring the highlands of scotland. you 
might want to tour a distillery on the world famous whisky trail or visit culloden battle field. loch ness 
is a great day out and you might even see nessie. if you prefer golf we have a very good choice from 
carrbridge itself or boat of garten, grantown on spey, kingussie and many more. aviemore and the 
cairngorm mountains are a short drive away with beautiful scenery and with the funicular railway up the 
mountain its easy access for everyone. landmark outdoor centre is 2 mins walk away and has something 
for all ages to enjoy also we have lovely walks in the village and maps are provided or you may want to 
walk further and we can offer some of the best areas to go to. 



if you would like information regarding the area we would be happy to help suggest walks, golf course, 
cycles, horse riding and more or if you just want to sight see we can recommend places of interest.
all in all we hope you will enjoy your stay with us, and if we can arrange any trips for you or any information 
you require we will be more than happy to help, and we hope like so many of our guests you will want to 
return again and again.
 a warm welcome awaits. 















 
2020
recognition of excellence  carrmoor guest house 
hotelscombined 
 9.8
 rated by guests   carrmoor_guest_house








check availability










  the following
text will not be seen after you upload your website, please keep it in
order to retain your counter functionality free
trackers help 







e mail





local visitor attractions

















our family run non-smoking licensed guest house 
and restaurant is set in the beautiful cairngorm 
national park in the centre of the scottish highlands 
(inverness shire). carrmoor guest house is over 100 
years old and set in a peaceful friendly atmosphere 
where your comfort and satisfaction is our priority. 
guests return time and time again to carrmoor and 
a warm welcome awaits them. all accommodation is 
en-suite.


 carrmoor guest house inverness shire is situated in the 
cairngorms national park. in september we have the 
chainsaw carvings and we also have the world porridge 
making championship in october in the village. 


carrmoor guest house in inverness shire is a very good 
base for touring the highlands of scotland. you might 
want to tour a distillery on the world famous whisky 
trail or visit culloden battle field. loch ness is a great day 
out and you might even see nessie. if you prefer golf we 
have a very good choice from carrbridge itself or boat of 
garten, grantown on spey, kingussie and many more. 
aviemore and the cairngorm mountains are a short drive 
away with beautiful scenery and with the funicular 
railway up the mountain its easy access for everyone. 
landmark outdoor centre is 2 mins walk away and has 
something for all ages to enjoy also we have lovely walks 
in the village and maps are provided or you may want to 
walk further and we can offer some of the best areas to 
go to. 


if you would like information regarding the area we 
would be happy to help suggest walks, golf 
courses,cycles, horse riding and more or if you just 
want to sight see we can recommend places of 
interest.
all in all we hope you will enjoy your stay with us, and 
if we can arrange any trips for you or any information 
you require we will be more than happy to help, and 
we hope like so many of our guests you will want to 
return again and again.
 a warm welcome awaits. 


contact information
 christine & michael stitt
etta richmond
 telephone 
 +44 (0) 1479 841244 
 postal address
 carrmoor guest house, 
 carr road, 
 carrbridge, 
 inverness shire,
 scotland, 
 ph23 3ad. 





 
2020
recognition of excellence  carrmoor guest house 
hotelscombined 
 9.8
 rated by guests   carrmoor_guest_house




 

 

 

 

 

 

 


we have free wi-fi for the 
use of our guests. 




check online
for
availability




e mail


 


carrmoor guest house



local visitor attractions






























home

carrbridge

about us

menus

contact us

how to find carrbridge

pictures of the area













