







dolomites - ski resorts, holidays in the dolomites italy




























deutsch
italiano
nederlands




    



holiday destinations


holiday destinations


south tyrol
val gardena 33
alta badia 0
seiser alm 0
kronplatz 0
trentino
val di fassa 1
province belluno
arabba 1
cortina d'ampezzo 1

localities 

selva di val gardena 25
ortisei val gardena 5
santa cristina in val gardena 3



corvara in badia 0
colfosco 0
la villa 0
san cassiano 0
badia 0
la val 0



castelrotto 0
alpe di siusi 0
siusi allo sciliar 0



bruneck 0
st. lorenzen/s. lorenzo 0
san vigilio (marebbe) 0



canazei 0
sèn jan di fassa 0
vigo di fassa (sèn jan di fassa) 1



arabba 0
livinallongo del col di lana 1



cortina d'ampezzo 1


accommodations 


accommodation in val gardena 31
hotels in val gardena 10
apartments in val gardena 17
garni (b&b) in val gardena 10
restaurants in val gardena 2




hotel in selva val gardena 6
apartments in selva val gardena 13




hotels in ortisei 3







accommodation in alta badia 0



































accommodation in val di fassa 1











accommodation in arabba 1









hotels in cortina d'ampezzo 1





accommodations 
accommodation in the dolomites
hotel in the dolomites
holiday apartments to rent
bed & breakfast (garni)
chalets & lodges
accommodation with breakfast
accommodation with half board
hotels with full board
ski in - ski out - hotels
sellaronda hotels
sella ronda
dolomites cycling holiday
dolomites summer
how to get to the dolomites
restaurants & pizzeria
south tyrol


 accommodation dolomites 
 hotels dolomites 
 sellaronda ski route 
 arrival dolomites 
search



















































 previous 

 next 

dolomites - ski resorts & holidays
where are the dolomites? information for ski, hike, cycling holidays
scroll down 

top-selection



hotel valpudra
selva val gardena






garni crepaz
selva val gardena






villa erna
selva val gardena






chalet elisabeth dolomites alpin & charme
selva val gardena



where are the dolomites? information for ski, hike, cycling holidays







 hello from the beautiful dolomites italy, europe!
when you go back to the beautiful scenery of the stunning dolomites mountains in italy, a paradise in the northern italian alps, you come to realise the immensity of these majestic mountains. many marvellous accommodations are located in the best travel region, vacation destination and charming ski resorts and places of the dolomites alps of italy.
on june 26th 2009 unesco listed the dolomites italy as a natural unesco world heritage site to protect the highly distinctive mountain landscapes that are of exceptional natural beauty. one of the best wintersport and ski area for ski holidays and walking, hiking and biking areas for summer holiday in the dolomites, part of the alps in northern italy.
this travel guide offers valuable travel information, the list of beautiful hotels in the dolomites, the updated dolomites weather report for the dolomites ( in italian: dolomiti ) and south tyrol as well as travelling tips concerning the italian dolomites area and the individual tourism and travel areas of the provinces of bolzano, trento and belluno.
a novelty is the interactive ski map of the sella ronda ski circuit over the gardena pass, sella pass, campolongo and pordoi in the dolomites of italy.on the ski map, you can find your own location and the names (and numbers) of ski slopes, lifts and cable cars nearby.... you can see the animated course of the green and orange sellaronda with the lifts, including the location of the accommodations and the restaurants in the dolomites mountains.

the best dolomites ski resorts, ski areas, hiking and cycling areas
 val gardena 
 alta badia 
 val di fassa 
 arabba 
 seiser alm 
 cortina d'ampezzo 
winter - are the dolomites good for skiing?







 this awesome mountainous paradise in the heart of the alps has the best ski resort in italy, the best skiing areas, with valleys connected to each other and amazing ski slopes in winter, offering a breath taking scenery from many different angles.
the winter season normally starts the first weekend before december 8th ( * ) (some ski ares one week earler) with the super premiere ( ** ) ski-opening offer, usually until the first weekend before christmas ( ** ).
the wonderful alpine mountains and the possibility of skiing and snowboarding in winter (dolomiti superski area with its 1,200 km of slopes, 12 valleys, and 450 modern lift facilities with one skipass), wintersport and cross country skiing will make your stay in this region an unforgettable experience.
the winter season usually lasts until the beginning of april ( * ) if the snow conditions are good (some resort remain open after this date). the christmas and new year's eve period is ideal for those who love the christmas atmosphere and want to celebrate new year's eve in the mountains. january, february (carnival) and march for couples, groups and families. february, march and april are very popular by the sun lovers, because of the longer days.
( * ) note: the start and end of the ski season may vary and depend on the snow conditions. we cannot guarantee that all lifts will be open during the indicated period and until the end of the season and all ski slopes are open. )( ** ) note: detailed information about the offers can be found on the dolomiti superski website with news for the 2024/2025 ski season.


summer in the dolomites italy







 the best time to visit the dolomites in summer, to explore and enjoy the alpine regions of the dolomites in europe for a vacation, leisure activities between the snow-capped peaks of the trentino - south tyrol region (alto adige), depends on the needs of travelers, hikers and mountain bikers.
when can you hike the dolomites? in spring the hiking and cycling season begins around early june. sometimes the peaks of this mountain range in this holiday region are still covered by snow. the blooming meadows and the longer days of june attract the hikers, climbers, mounatin biker and cyclists with the well marked footpaths, hikes, trails, roads and vie ferratas. july and august are highly appreciated for a summer holiday in the dolomites (unesco world heritage site in italy). september and october offer a colorful and peaceful landscape; ideal for a travel trip to the dolomites, trekking and walking holiday, cycling and mountain biking holiday in the italian mountains.
noteworthy destinations for a trip are also all the passes and the lakes such as the lake prags (lago di braies), lago di fiè, lake of sorapis, misurina or carezza and near the dolomites the lago di caldaro, lago di monticolo, lago di anterselva and in about 2 hours driving time lake garda (lago di garda) as well as cities with their old towns and arcades for a sightseeing tour, tour of art, culture and history or shopping such as bolzano, trento, bressanone, brunico, merano and cortina d'ampezzo.


holidays in the dolomites italy







 are you planning a trip or looking forward to spending your holiday in the italian dolomites?
if so, then you should definitely consider staying at one of the accommodations in italy.
there are many accommodations, from luxury resort or beautiful hotels in the dolomites, luxury, design or wellness spa hotels with indoor and outdoor swimming pools, infinity pool or for adults only hotel, ski-in ski-out hotel to cozy holiday apartments, flats or residence, chalets, lodges, garni or bed and breakfasts. or luxury chalets and lodges.
some of them offer great view, while others provide access to to slopes, lifts, hiking trails for beginners, cycling routes and mountain bike trails and other outdoor activities, family-friendly activities and sport.
find out about this area on this website and let us show you different accommodations in the towns of the beautiful dolomite mountains. you may display and refine your selection and list on the dolomites italy map.


where are the dolomites located?







 the dolomites are a wonderful mountain range of about 16,000 km² located in the eastern italian alps, south of the main chain of the alps in italy.
they are extending over the three northernmost regions of italy: trentino - alto adige (south tyrol), belluno and friuli - venezia giulia.
how to get to the dolomites » by car, train, bus, flights by air plane or helicopter.
the awesome bright colour and the red reflection of the dolomite rock (dolomitic rock), admirable mainly during the sunset, are caused by the high content of the mineral dolomite camg(co3)2. this name is due to the french geologist and mineralogist déodat gratet de dolomieu (1750 - 1801) who discovered and studied this unique rock.


what are the highest mountains and peaks of the dolomites italy?







 the rays of the morning sun shining on the dolomites mountains in italy, forcing the wonderful alpine flowers into bloom on the surrounding pastures and in winter shining on the snow covered peaks and beautiful slopes.
the final sun rays in the evening create a symphony of colour resulting in a rosy alpenglow, typical of a sensational sunset in the northeastern side of the italian alps.
the highest peaks of these impressive italy's dolomites, a unesco world heritage site, is the marmolada (3343 m - 10,968 feet), also called the "queen of the dolomites".
other well-known mounts and peaks and photography spots of the dolomites in italy are:

the sassolungo:sassolungo (3181 m - 10,436 feet), punta grohmann, also called "sasso levante", torre innerkofler, dente del sassolungo, punta delle cinque dita, cima dantersass, sassopiatto, spallone del sassolungo
the sellagroup:piz boè (3152 m - 10,341 feet), the famous torri del sella, piz sëlva, piz gralba, piz miara, le mëisules,, piza vallon, piz rotic, ciampanii de murfreit, torre de murfreit, piz lastiës, piz ciavazes, piz da lech, sass dles diesc, sass dles nu, col turond, col alton, sass de pordoi, piz beguz, piz ciavazes, pisciadù, dent de mesdì, sas de mesdì
the odle (geisler spitzen) near seceda:sas rigais (3025 m - 9,925 feet), pitla fermeda, gran fermeda, gran odla, sas de mezdi, furchetta, sas dal ega, sas dla porta, col dala creusc, odla de valdusa, piz duleda
the tre cime di lavaredo (drei zinnen):cima grande (big peak) (2999 m), cima ovest (western peak), cima piccola (little peak), punta di frida
the catinaccio:catinaccio d'antermoia (3.002 m), cima catinaccio, croda dei cirmei, cima di larsec, cima scalieret, torri del vajolet, croda di re laurino, cima sforcella, roda di vaèl, pizzo di valbona, cima delle poppe, croda davoi, crepe di lausa, cima di mezzo del principe, cogolo di larsec, punta emma, torre gardeccia
the sciliar (2563 m)
the civetta-moiazza:monte civetta (3220 m), piccola civetta, monte coldai, torre coldai, torre d'alleghe, torre di valgrande, punta civetta, cime di mede, torre venezia, cima delle busazze, monte moiazetta
the monte pelmo (3168 m)
the monte antelao (3264 m)

 
[ dutch: dolomieten, dansk: dolomitterne, spanish: dolomitas, norwegian: dolomittene, swedish: dolomiterna, icelandic: dólómítafjöll, finnish: dolomiitit, greek: δολομίτες (ιταλία), czech: dolomity, polish: dolomity, russian: доломитес / доломитовые альпы, chinese: 多洛米蒂山, japanese: ドロミーティ (イタリア), korean: 돌로미티산맥 ]
 

stay connected with the latest news and updates from the dolomites by following us on instagram. share your experiences and videos with us using #dolomitesworld

 

share onfacebook twitter linkedin










 




holiday destinationssouth tyrol
val gardena 33
alta badia 0
seiser alm 0
kronplatz 0
trentino
val di fassa 1
province belluno
arabba 1
cortina d'ampezzo 1



most famous ski route
sellaronda

information
how to get to the dolomites
summer holidays
mountain bike holidays
restaurants & pizzeria
south tyrol
 weather forecast



accommodations
accommodation in the dolomites
hotel in the dolomites
holiday apartments to rent
bed & breakfast (garni)
chalets & lodges
accommodation with breakfast
accommodation with half board
hotels with full board
ski in - ski out - hotels
sellaronda hotels


follow us
instagram




© 2001-2025 tibiweb web design vat id. it02215620218 impressum & privacydeveloped by 
to view and use the web site properly, please enable javascript and reload this page.


deutsch
italiano
nederlands




0 
 directenquiry 



