












structural steel house framing – supaloc steel frames






































 
















						skip to main content
					























primary menu


the supaloc system


company information


the supaloc system


technology & manufacture


faqs


our values




builders using supaloc


news


contact us


1300 303 444
















insist on supaloc® steel frames
supaloc® is the industry-leading provider of innovative, australian-made, structural steel house framing products.
find out more













the supaloc® building system
discover the unique nature of supaloc® and the benefits it can deliver home builders.







the supaloc® system
comprised of a series of patented connections, the supaloc® system is engineered to be unmatched in strength and performance. in contrast to traditional building methods of hammer and nail, each and every component in the supaloc® system connects seamlessly, and is bolted together for the ultimate level of structural integrity.
find out more





technology & manufacture
supaloc® steel frames are manufactured using bluescope truecore® steel. with its 95-year history and countless years of practical experimentation, truecore® steel has been modified to be perfectly suited to even the harshest of australian conditions.
find out more











 

safe and secure
from the roof to the wall to the slab, supaloc® steel locks the whole thing together.





 

termite proof
1 in 5 homes suffer termite attack – protect your biggest investment with supaloc®.





 

fully engineered
with the unique, factory-fitted connections of supaloc®, there’s simply no room for error.





 

straight and true
unique to supaloc®, interlocking brackets give you straight walls and ceilings – every time.





















follow us on facebookfollow us on youtubefollow us on linkedin










copyright © 2024 supaloc steel building systems australia pty ltd. abn: 93 107 106 445proudly part of nex building group.



























