




healthy communications | health and wellness























							email: shelley@healthy-communications.com, helthcom@aol.com, healthycom@yahoo.com   |   
							phone:310 457 5176

connect with shelley














aboutspecial topicsnewsletterpublicsright2know.organdrew sean kramerlinks and resourcesmalibu garden clubviolet firegeoengineeringwatchfine impressionistic artshelley marks krameracrylic paintingsmosaic artdigital artwatercolor paintingsjewelryembroiderymasks by shelleypuzzles by shelleyhealth wellnesspure-havenmodereamega-zero-point-energyessential-oils-pure-unadulterated-from-naturecantron-and-its-healing-powerschi-machinelinks and resourcesvideoscontactinterior-flowers-and-plantscapescancer preventiondr-samuel-s-epstein-md-and-cancer-prevention-coalitioncpcpresentation on chemicals in everyday productsyourrighttoknowhealth alertdetoxificationflouride-pagematerial safety data sheetshow i can help you with your health product decisions 








×






go






 





healthy communications
your right to know!
about









healthy communications
your right to know!
about






previous



next






upcoming announcements

|



purehaven.com/shelleykramer has the greatest clean, effective products, especially the ones with the cbd oil, purehaven.com/shelleykramer, i love these products, takes away skin issues. helps with wrinkles anti aging. cbd comfort rollerball oil for aches, pains, rashes, skin issues with frankincense, helichrysom, lavendar, and more. 


read latest news on publics right to know page. news of the day from shelley. senior citizens may be treated to a fun dance exercise class led by me, shelley kramer at the malibu senior center. look for announcement as to time and day. 


 check malibu garden club.org when our meetings will resume. 
meanwhile, visit organicgardenclubofventuracounty.org for their zoom meetings 


new info coming soon. progress in getting nasty chemicals out of daily used products. ewg.org.


 










publics right to know -your right to know the facts!
here’s how i can help you
my name is shelley marks-kramer and i have been successfully self-employed, starting and running several of my own businesses for more than 3/4 of my life. i am constantly appreciative of learning new health modalities, and hold several college degrees, years of hands on experience and certifications in nutritional consulting and memberships in many health and wellness organizations and associations. i am also an impressionist artist creating art with many different mediums. currently making mosaic artwork see more on link below.
read more









health & wellness
treat yourself with love and affection and learn how to live a healthy life with safe, pure and trusted products for body and home.

  read more





impressionist art
i am an impressionist artist creating art with many mediums, concentrating on mosaics and digital art.

read and see more





cancer prevention
providing health awareness seminars educating the public on awareness of avoidable risks of cancer and illness from environmental toxins

  read more







more businesses from shelley




modere info page

clean, healthy, non toxic, anti aging, biocell,liquid collagen, weight management, exceptional nutritionals.

  read more





interior flowers and plantscapes
creative environments, flowers and plantscapes providing clean air, beauty, peace and tranquility for your eyes and soul.

  read more





pure haven info page
safe, trusted pure, organic, non toxic personal care, beauty cosmetics, home cleaning products.

  read more





 





free tips from shelley









sign up!








abouthealth wellnesspure-havenmodereessential-oils-pure-unadulterated-from-naturecantron-and-its-healing-powersamega-zero-point-energychi-machinefine impressionistic artshelley marks krameracrylic paintingsmosaic artdigital artwatercolor paintingsjewelryembroiderymasks by shelleylinks and resourcesvideoscontactspecial topicsnewsletterpublicsright2know.organdrew sean kramerchildren's topicsmalibu garden clubgeoengineeringinterior flowers and plantscapescancer preventiondr-samuel-s-epstein-md-and-cancer-prevention-coalitionpresentation on chemicals in everyday productshealth alertyourrighttoknowmaterial safety data sheetsdetoxificationflouride-pagehow i can help you with your health product decisionssite map
        © 2025 all rights reserved. healthy communicationsdesigned & developed by
        digitalvertex

















