













children's cardiology insights pediatric heart doctors - kidsheart.com



















































 

























contact us
children’s healthcare of atlanta cardiology 
language





english


español (spanish)





search



 




search


submit















connecting families sharing stories & providing expert resources 
							 


a leader in pediatric cardiology for over 30 years 
							

 



trust your child’s heart to a team committed to caring for children 
							
 


your child's heart is precious and where you take them matters 
							

 









children’s cardiology insights




the heart of a fisherman never gives upwhen children’s cardiology said that 10-year-old grayson would need a pacemaker, one of his parents’ most pressing concerns was whether he’d still be able to go fishing. grayson loves playing baseball and football, showing livestock, camping and playing with his…



advocating for other heart warriors helps jameson’s family thrivebeing diagnosed at two days old with tetralogy of fallot right as the covid-19 pandemic begun caused jameson’s parents a great deal of fear and anxiety. since those early days, jameson’s mom, jamie, has managed the fear by educating herself…



kids at heart connects families who “get it”in the mid-1990s, a small group of heart parents seeking community with one another started a potluck dinner in the egleston hospital conference room. what began as a simple desire to get to know other families traveling on the same…



physicians with heart: dr. dongngan truongher enjoyment of the study of the mechanics of the heart and how it makes sense to her is one of the factors that led pediatric cardiologist dongngan truong, md, msci, to focus on the cardiac specialty when she became…



my child fainted! what do we do now?q&a with dr. brandon harden, pediatric cardiologist & member of the children’s cardiology syncope team fainting or chronic dizziness in children and adolescents is often a sign that something’s not quite right, and if it happens frequently, they will be…



grief companions: supporting families through child lossafter i lost my 17-year-old daughter in a car accident in 2021, a friend said the news of our tragedy had traveled through our close-knit community like an “earthquake.” that imagery has stuck with me. the loss of a child…



down syndrome awareness month: trisomy 21 and its effect on the heartoctober is down syndrome awareness month! children’s healthcare of atlanta cardiology’s pediatric cardiologist, rachel mckay, md, took a few minutes to discuss how trisomy 21 (t21) affects the hearts of some patients. q: what is trisomy 21? a: trisomy 21…



physicians with heart: dr. michael lopezborn, raised and educated in miami, fla., with a large population of spanish-speakers, michael lopez, md, appreciates the nuances that he can pick up when speaking to a heart family in their own language. when cyrus samai, md, chief operating…



supporting a heart warrior family: how can i help?when a family is confronted with a serious health diagnosis for their child like a congenital heart defect (chd), it can feel like the whole world has suddenly shifted beneath their feet. they are often thrust into a new way…



what is cardiomyopathy?cardiomyopathy is a broad term that encompasses many different diagnoses. when broken down to its most basic form, cardiomyopathy is a long word that means “heart muscle disease.” this disease of the heart muscle makes it harder for the heart…




page 1
page 2
page 3
page 4
…
page 11
next






get latest post by email





												first name											







												last name											







												email address											











 subscribe! 






	recent posts
cardiac educationkids at heart connects families who “get it”january 16, 2025my child fainted! what do we do now?december 11, 2024grief companions: supporting families through child lossnovember 5, 2024all education postspatient storiesthe heart of a fisherman never gives upfebruary 11, 2025supporting a heart warrior family: how can i help?september 19, 2024a heart warrior mom’s message reminds others to stay hopefulmay 29, 2024all patient stories postsphysicians with heartadvocating for other heart warriors helps jameson’s family thrivefebruary 4, 2025physicians with heart: dr. dongngan truongdecember 19, 2024physicians with heart: dr. michael lopezoctober 2, 2024all physicians with heart poststeam of expertsgenetic counselors serve as valuable resource on a heart warrior’s journeyjune 25, 2024nurse practitioners with heart: heather jordanjanuary 31, 2024a career switch allows social worker to make a difference at children’s cardiologymarch 21, 2023all team of experts postsshare your story







contact us
careers
find a location 
schedule your child’s appointment 
referring provider resources
accessibility

pdf downloads

authorization to release phi - english (pdf)
authorization to release phi - español (pdf)
authorization to obtain phi - english (pdf)
authorization to obtain phi - español (pdf)


about children’s cardiology insights features thoughts and perspectives from our team of cardiac experts. this content does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.

connect with usfacebooklinkedinyoutube





©2025 children's healthcare of atlanta cardiology, all rights reserved.





back to top



search



submit
















english


español (spanish)
































