









home - sande shurin acting studios









































twitterlinkedinfacebookyoutubehome
about us

about us
media / appearances


class schedules
online classes
resources

sande’s books
articles
yearly messages
video archives
radio shows


inspiration
testimonials
contact us





menu


menu

 






previousnext123now available...online acting classes!
“stop acting! be your unique self… everything you need is within you.”


sande’s yearly holiday message 2023





class updates from sande:
september acting classes
mon-sept 11-18-25  at 5:30
thurs sept 7-14-21 at 6:30

october
acting classes
mon- oct. 2 at 5-30. oct 16th 5:30, oct 23- 5:30
thurs-oct 5-6:30. oct 19, at 6:30, oct 26
break-thru-tues oct 3rd 2:30sat oct 14 1;00
november
acting classes
mon-nov 6th,13th, 20th at 5:30
thurs-nov 2nd, 9, 16
break-thru
tues nov 7-2:30
sat nov 11-1:00
december
acting classes
mon- dec 4, dec 11, dec 18 all at 5:30
thurs dec 7,14,21 all at 6:30
break-thru
tues dec 5 at 2:30
sat dec 9 at 1pm
january 2024
acting classes
mon jan 8, 15, 22 at 5:30
thurs jan 11,18,25 at 6:30
break-thru
tues jan 9 at 2:30
sat jan 13 at 1 pm
holiday message on mon dec 18 at 5:30. for all to attend.


in 1980, sande shurin changed the direction of teaching acting with her new “self and character” based technique called transformational acting. focusing on the uniqueness of each actor and developing their ability to be “prescenced”, to use their current emotions, and to transform who they are into the written character. she coaches the actor to take bold actions, take risks, and continually move past their limitations. she does this in her nyc and woodstock ny acting studios. sande also private coaches in person and on skype.
shurin’s coaching has appeared on oprah, as acting coach on america’s next top model and many other reality shows. she has directed on and off broadway, and also on the tv series: “working actors”, and for film: “true love” and “museum scandals ” sande is the author of 2 books: “transformational acting – a step beyond” and “star power – defining your individual signature”.


“i think it’s safe to say that my acting has exploded and expanded beyond anything i could have imagined!”
anthony rapp, star of broadway & film (rent, six degrees of separation, a beautiful mind), charlie brown if /only, star trek discovery
“sande is an incredible teacher. her techniques are so good i use them in my life as well as work.”
casey nicholaw, tony nominated director (the drowsy chaperone), tony winner director (the book of mormon), aladdin, something rotten
“my name is william sanderson and you may know me as sebastian in blade runner, larry in newhart, sheriff bud in true blood, or e.b. franum in deadwood.  sande shurin is a wonderful director and acting coach. i got my first agent in the mid-1970’s after appearing in the play “insect comedy” which she directed. she knows how to light a fire in actors — she threatened to fire me if i didn’t come up with something more inventive. i talk about sande in my memoir yes, i’m that guy: the rough and tumble life of a character actor.”
“sande is amazing. her acting technique and ongoing workshops have guided me, throughout the years, to live and create outside the box.
lisa d’appolito – emmy award nominee for love, gilda
“life has become richer, sweeter and far more vivid for me under sande’s guidance.”
christianne tisdale, broadway, beauty and the beast, triumph of love, on a clear day, les miserables, many national tours, west end and toronto. blacklist recurring, law and order. award winning web series wallflowers. currently on b’way in wicked and producing ghost lights:reclaiming theatre in the age of aids.
“with sande i ‘stopped acting’ and was able to have real emotions and experiences on stage. acting returned to the incredible rush it had been earlier…that sense of flying.”
annie edgerton, mamma mia, kinky boots, good people, host broadway buzzed
“sande is a treasure.”
richard waites – broadway actor, dreamgirls, chess
“sande’s technique has not only helped me as an actor but now as a casting director i constantly see her technique inspiring and shining through her students at auditions.”
bob lambert, emmy-award winning casting director and winner of a drama desk award for gypsy.
“sande is beyond extraordinary.”
tripp hanson – broadway actor, manhattan rhythm kings
“sande shurin whose visionary acting technique lifted my career,  is an acting icon. “everything starts with you in acting and in life”
robert fowler, broadway the producers, beauty and the beast, nh theater award nominee best featured actor memphis..tony award for broadway voices.
see more testimonials


upcoming events:
performing arts of woodstock produces the moors by jen silverman, directed by sande shurin… more information here.
sande shurin transformational acting studios
new york city, ny / woodstock, ny classes
let’s connect
www.twitter.com/sandeshurin
www.linkedin.com/in/sandeshurinactingstudio
www.facebook.com/sandeshurinactingstudio
www.youtube.com/user/sandeshurin

  


 © copyright - sande shurin acting studios - site by interage
twitterlinkedinfacebookyoutube






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy
accept settingshide notification only











