









the lodge doolin - bed and breakfast and self-catering apartments.

















































bed and breakfast, b & b guest accommodation, doolin b&b, accommodation, b&b doolin lodge, clare, ireland. 







home 
bed & breakfast 
self catering 
activities 
about us 
 book b&b 
 book apartment 
 


























 








welcome to the lodge, doolin                                    
choose from a twin, double or family room for b&b or choose an apartment for up to 10 people – self catering or catered. make the lodge, doolin, your base for your holiday in ireland 2022 
                                        explore                                    









enjoy the lodge, doolin                                    
all rooms at the lodge, doolin have been upgraded over the past 2 years. we offer free wifi, underfloor heating, great views and a great welcome 
                                        book now                                    









book the lodge, doolin today                                    
centrally located in doolin, between the villages of fisherstreet and roadford, all bars, restaurants and shops are within easy walking distance. 
                                        book now                                    























the lodge doolin 









visit the lodge, doolin. 





the lodge doolin is a family-run failte ireland approved bed and breakfast with self-catering apartments. an idyllic greenfield location in the heart of doolin village on the burren way. within minutes you can be ambling along the doolin to the cliffs of moher coastal walking trail or boarding a boat to the aran islands. 







about us





















b&b rooms 









explore our amazing 
bed & breakfast rooms. 





our 10 bed and breakfast ensuite bedrooms are bright and spacious and finished to a high standard and have been newly refurbished in 2020/2021. 







explore our b&b rooms
























‹
›




























‹
›









apartments 









you will be impressed by our
 self-catering apartments. 





the lodge has 4 purpose-built self-catering apartments which can accommodate from 2 to 10 guests in spacious newly refurbished surounds. 







find your apartment



















our b&b rooms & apartments 









plan your stay with us, visit now. 












 



b&b rooms 







book now








 



apartments 







book now



















activities 









plenty of local activities to do in doolin. 





doolin is centrally located on the burren way marked trail. the burren way always captivates its visitors in that it involves a hike along the spectacular cliffs of moher with views to the aran islands. the trail is dotted with archaeological remains and many of the burrens rare flora can be seen on route. doolin makes an ideal base for walking enthusiasts.  

















visit cliffs of moher 





visitors are left grasping for superlatives when they witness the unimaginable beauty of the cliffs: ireland at its most natural, rugged, panoramic and majestic – the vista is incomparable. 

















take a trip to the aran islands 





open skies and surrounding landscape are a haven for birdlife, wildlife, flora, and fauna that include puffins, guillemots, dolphins, basking sharks and a vast limestone plateau in this unesco geopark on the wild atlantic way. 

















visit doolin cave 





visit doolin cave and explore the burren landscape above-ground and under-ground. doolin cave is one of europe’s most compelling cave attractions. it is a truly authentic experience.  











view all activities



















testimonials 









don’t just listen to us. here are what people say about us. 












charming & cozy!

 


a wonderful family run business, with an amazing irish breakfast. conveniently located near wonderful pubs and the cliffs of moher. the rooms were spacious, bright, and recently remodeled. i would definitely stay here again.

 

claire k - feb 2020

















just a beautiful place to stay at

 it was fabulous. big room (compared to the rooms at the hilton, clayton). windows that actually open. view of rolling hills, ocean in the distance, horses in the field. yet walking distance to o’connor pub. 5 minute walk. great experience at the pub. 4 guys sitting in a booth singing and playing instruments with everyone singing along. breakfast prepared for you and included. price was really good 

darlene m  - 2018

















a pleasant surprise

the price was right, so we agreed and settled in for the night. our room offered a spectacular view to the south and west. in a field adjacent the lodge, were cattle and horses, a lovely sight. 

jonathan g

























book the lodge, doolin 









start your holiday planning today.. 





the lodge, doolin is the perfect location for exploring the burren, experiencing the wonder and awe of the cliffs of moher, as a base for visiting the aran islands on a day trip or viewing the cliffs, sea stacks, the sea and birdlife from the cliff base by boat. great restaurants, vibrant pubs and a history of the best in traditional irish music await you and your friends and family. 











book your b&b now














book your apartment now
































 


follow us

 

find us 

 








© the lodge doolin 2025 








navigationhome
bed & breakfast
self catering
activities
about us
 book b&b
 book apartment
 

contact us
+ 353 65 707 4888
 info@doolinlodge.com
 the lodge, doolin
b&b doolin,co. clare,
ireland.

 





 

find us 

 








 








