









home - dco energy






















































about
portfolio
services
energy efficiency
community connection
affiliates
sustainability
news
careers
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










powering our communities sustainably








dco energy (dco) is a nationally recognized developer of sustainable and renewable energy facilities that enriches the communities it operates by partnering with contractors, businesses, and talent. dco energy applies robust and innovative design, construction, and operation methodologies resulting in sustainable and safe solutions for owners in different industry sectors.



our services

asset management and operations
project development and facility ownership
engineering, procurement and construction
renewables and energy efficiency
microgrids and combined heat, chilling and power


click here








our promise
dco energy is committed to collaborating with our clients and partners to improve the communities in which we operate through sustainable, cost-effective, resilient energy solutions and local, long-term career development.

click here












employee ambassadors
dive deeper into dco energy’s sustainability commitment! meet our employee ambassadors – engineers, construction managers, and operations specialists – in a video series. these passionate individuals will share their unique insights on how dco prioritizes a greener future through innovative solutions and strong community partnerships. see how dco builds a sustainable tomorrow together.
































experience modifier rate (emr) the number determines a companies overall safety risk based on worker’s compensation claims. an average rating is 1.0, which includes the consideration of the following: number of incidents, type of events, and amounts paid out. dco energy is in the top 4% of engineering and construction contractors in the united states.



safety matters
dco energy maintains the highest commitment to the safety and health of our employees, subcontractors, and vendors throughout our construction and operations work. our policies and procedures are proven practices that we utilize daily on the job.















featured projects








								montclair state university							







								rutgers cancer institute of new jersey							







								atlanticare regional medical center							







view all







our clients



















































licenses and certifications























in the news












								dco energy soars by ranking 145th in engineering news-record (enr) top 400 contractors rankings and fortifies rank 15th in power in all of the united states!							

jun 6, 2024lawrenceville, new jersey – june 6, 2024 – dco energy (dco) is thrilled to announce its ranking of 145th out of 400 top contractors in all of the united states.  engineering new-record (enr), a notable industry-leading publication in the united states, published...






								dco energy and jersey city public schools embark on energy savings improvement program project – largest project approved by the new jersey board of public utilities to date							

oct 23, 2023new jersey-based dco energy and jersey city public schools embark on energy savings improvement program project – largest project approved by the new jersey board of public utilities to date  community-enriching $122 million project will develop a renewable...






								vauban infrastructure partners announces the signing of an agreement for the acquisition of a leading district energy platform in the us							

jan 5, 2022vauban infrastructure partners (“vauban”) announced today that on december 30, 2021, it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the entire stake in db energy assets, llc (“dbea”) and beacon energy holdings llc (“detroit thermal”) (together, the “company”),...






view all



 











aboutportfolioservicesenergy efficiencycommunity connectionsustainabilityaffiliatescareerscontactdco energy © 2024.all rights reserved.legal notice:transparency coverage notice 





























