



garlic barrier: natural garlic extract used to repel insects.
































































































america's premier natural insect repellent for
						vegetable gardens, flowers and farms.




garlic barrier is a very strong liquid garlic extract that mixes with water and is sprayed on farm and garden plants to keep insects off. the garlic used in garlic barrier is a very powerful variety which is much more potent than the garlic found in grocery stores (in fact, our lab people here refer to it as "super garlic"). there is a huge list of insects that it works on and you may see them by reviewing our label on this web site (see link to label info at page bottom). one gallon, properly mixed with water, covers 10 to 12 acres of row crops or 5 acres of orchards. it imparts no garlic taste on any crops or plants that are sprayed. the odor of garlic in the air or on the plant disappears in about 30 minutes. garlic barrier is listed by omri as suitable for organic farm use. it's marvelous for farm, home garden and lawn care use and completely safe around people, pets, animals and fish when used as directed. as you read and learn about garlic barrier, please make sure you scroll down to the bottom of this page where you will find additional links and information about our product.



birds and fruit trees




garlic barrier does a wonderful job of keeping birds from eating fruit crops like cherries, pears, apples, figs and berries. in cherry trees, dilute one gallon of garlic barrier in 300 gallons of water and spray the solution on the trees to keep birds away from your fruit for a week. only spray the trees when the fruit begins to ripen and the first birds appear. garlic barrier leaves no taste in the fruit at all and there is no re-entry time so you can spray up to the day of harvest.

							the usda wildlife research center evaluated the effectiveness of garlic oil used as a repellent. click here to read the publication. 



para ver este sitio en español, chasque aquí.






								 











order!
to place an order on-line right now, click here!








for dealer or distributor pricing of garlic barrier, click here!



								
								
								 



























select state
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
connecticut
delaware
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
vermont
virginia
wisconsin
 
select your state from the pull-down menu
															 and click the find retailer button.
															(if you use a pop-up blocker, you may
																need to disable it.)

























							 





 



							 



							 



							 























 



							 



							 

 



 
 
 


 




							 



							 




							 




bookmark this site now for easy future reference.
return
                                          to top



























want to buy some garlic barrier right now?
								click here to make an immediate on-line purchase.







if you're in canada, you can purchase garlic barrier directly from our canadian distributor by clicking here.



customers in india can purchase garlic barrier products directly from our exclusive distributors in india by clicking here.




































site and contents ©2025 garlic research labs, inc. privacy policy

garlic research labs, inc., 624 ruberta road, glendale, ca 91201 / 800-424-7990 / email: info@garlicbarrier.com

										this website was last updated on january 8, 2025









chat with us, powered by livechat


