




 



trusted knots by netknots | how to tie the right knots | animated knots for fishing, scouting, boating, climbing, survival





































welcome to netknots.com | the most trusted knots on the net.


























tweet

 






fishing knotsall fishing knotsline to line knotloop knotsterminal connectionsbeginner fishing knotsfly fishing knotsmiscellaneoussaltwater fishing knotstenkara knotsrope knotsrope knots listbendsbinding knotshitchesloop knotsarborist knotsboating knotsclimbing knotsrescue & survival knotsscouting knotsspecial purpose knotstop 10 rope knotsother knotsnecktie knotsscarf knotspocket squaresfly tying video instructionall fliescaddis fliesdry fliesemerger fliesmidgesnymph fliesstreamer fliesterrestrialswarm water fliesflies by tyershopknot cardsknot appsmoreadvertiseblogcontact usearn free knot cardstestimonialswholesale knot cards









 


 
teaching the world to tie knots since 1993!
for over 30 years netknots has provided helpful information about fishing knots and rope knots with easy to follow step by step knot tying illustrations and animations for tying over 180 of the most popular and most useful knots. we continually update the site with new additions and more knot tying tutorials so bookmark us and check back often! the fishing knots section contains the most fishing knots on the internet and they are clearly displayed in sections by type for loops or line to line knots and terminal tackle, and also as selections for beginners, fly fishing, salt water, even tenkara!
the rope knots section includes handy selections of camping knots and knots for boating, climbing, arborist, search and rescue, survival and other outdoor pursuits.
all of our knots are clearly illustrated with step by step instructions and animated for you to sit back and watch. you can pause and rewind the animation while you practice tying for yourself. it makes learning easy and fun! new additions to the site include a fashion section for neckties, scarfs and even pocket square folds.
and if you are a fly fisherman or woman, don't miss our new fly tying section! we have fly tying instruction videos by some of the biggest names in fly tying such as the late, great shane stalcup and some super fish-catching patterns.
as the famed knot tying expert clifford ashley noted in his 620 page knot tying trove "the ashley book of knots", “a knot is never ‘nearly right,’ it is either exactly right, or hopelessly wrong.”  a common phrase in knot tying communities such as the international guild of knot tyers is that it is better to know a knot and not need it than to need a knot and not know it! so while using this resource remember that it is more important to learn a few knots well
than to half-learn all of the knots. thanks for making us the go-to tying resource of the internet for over twenty five years - enjoy!
 
 

fishing knots
netknots has the most extensive library on the internet! over 65 fishing knots - from the alberto to the world's fair and everything in between.
fishing knots



rope knots
over 90 knots to chose from, from the alpine coil to the zeppelin bend, you should be able to find it here and learn to tie it right.
rope knots















 


 



 


 











 


this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. learn more


                ok            












site features

fishing 
rope
neck ties
pocket squares
scarfs
fly tying
apps



cool stuff

knot cards
apps
free knot cards
blog
happy customers



about us

wholesale
contact us
advertise
copyright
privacy



like and share us










receive notices of new info and products








 















disclaimer: any activity involving rope can be dangerous and may even be life threatening! knot illustrations contained in this web site are not intended for rock climbing instruction. many knots are not suitable for the risks involved in climbing. where failure could cause property damage, injury, or death, seek professional instruction prior to use. many factors affect knots including: the appropriateness of knots and rope materials used in particular applications, the age, size, and condition of ropes; and the accuracy with which these descriptions have been followed. no responsibility is accepted for incidents arising from the use of this content.







©2018-2020 netknots.
all rights reserved
privacy policy
copyright



  













