















franz bakery | family owned since 1906





























since 1906




















previous



next











have you heard the news ... ? 

          find franz organic items under the naked bread organic brand at a retailer near you!



































explore the world of franz
from wholesome organic loaves to mouth watering cookies, there’s a perfect franz product for every occasion!

view products



view products









recipes for success
the sky’s the limit when using bread that tastes this good alone. check out our recipes and submit your own for a chance to be featured on our instagram page!
view recipes





118 years of deliciousness
franz has come a long way since delivering bread by horse in the 1920s. learn more about the rich history of the company!
our story





it's a family affair
have you met the rest of the franz family? click an icon to learn more about each of our regional brands!





















































































stay up to date on all things franz
follow us on social media to keep up with the latest contests, recipes and more. tag us in your franz related content for a chance to be featured on our facebook and instagram pages! interested in collaborating with the franz family of brands on instagram or tik tok? fill out our form here.





sign up for our newsletter!






 












franz bakery foundation
the franz bakery foundation mission is to support families, youth development and hunger reduction in the areas that franz and our family of bakeries serve.
              
            our foundation is committed to helping organizations make a positive, impactful difference giving everyone the chance to succeed.  together we are strong.
apply for a grant










franz fanz



just wanted to say how much we love seeing your trucks all over!! it is my daughters true highlight when she spies them.
- kaitlin




i love your seasonal products and can't wait for my favorites to come back around each year!
- georgie























