











marketing and advertising to boomers+ ⋆ inspired ideas. extraordinary execution. market momentum.

















































 





menu








 
 

home
marketing to baby boomers

a business case for boomer marketing
boomer marketing successes

bestlife magazine
my plan after 50
natural home magazine
therapyzone
crest fruit direct mail
orange glo – oxiclean
maroland llc


aging and market value


marketing to active men 55+

marketing men’s products
single active adult men
collaboration men + women
metrosexual men and marketing
generation men: marketing webinar


generation reinvention

introduction
generation reinvention and business
book reviews


generational marketing keynote speaker + speech training

power-packed presentations with purpose
generational marketing speaker presentation videos
generational marketing presentation topics
speaking accolades from clients


bg&a company profile

bg&a team


contact us
 




award-winning advertising & marketing insights and traininggenerational marketing speakerboomers blog

 

the power of generational marketinginspiring boomer business



 



				generational insights


					what makes boomers tick and buy.				





 



				marketing strategies


					applying generational insights to business.				





 



				strategies to tactics


					transforming insights into winning tactics.				





 



				communication training


					helping executives motivate audiences.				

  remembering boomers' formative years1969: are you still listening?tested generational marketing authoritymarketing to boomers at every life stage for 40+ yearsthe impact of generational identityin a national study, the pew research center concluded that boomers have the most pervasive sense of generational identification when compared with three other living generations: the silent generation, generation x, and millennials or generation y.baby boomers, ages 60 - 78level of generational identificationgeneration x, ages 45 - 59level of generational identificationmillennials, ages 29 - 44level of generational identificationsilent generation, ages 79 - 98level of generational identification    changing the meaning of aginginspired by a true storytestimonials from our clients 

				brent’s presentation was among the best in the history of our six-year chamber university program which has served more than 3,500 business and association executives.
			







												vicki vega					


						vice president, greater sarasota chamber of commerce
					


 
 

				brent’s integration of multimedia throughout the presentation captivated the audience and contributed to an outstanding presentation that was so well-received by attendees.
			







												erin e. doherty, csa					


						society of certified senior advisors
					


 
 

				it was my good fortune to have the chance to work with brent green. his contributions were enormous. his two-hour presentation inspired us and generated a great deal of thought and ideas.
			







												joe small					


						president, ahi travel international
					


 
award-winning marketing strategies & creativeover 50 awards for creative excellence









								reinventing reinvention

							
















								creating motivations

							
















								culture-changing observations

							
















								thought-leading books

							
















								business triumphrant

							
















								research driven insights

							
















								connecting direct

							
















								inspiring boomers

							







go back 





brent (at) bgassociates.com 


















						copyright 2023, brent green & associates, inc.					


 
 












