


wildlife orphanage, inc. - news and events





















    about 
                    us | conflicts & resolutions 
                    | how to help | news 
                    & events | home















newsletter

                    click here 
                    to sign up for our free newsletter!







donations

you can help out now with a secure online donation. 
                  































 
quicklinks
 







contact information

the humane 
                    alternatives to animal control

eliminating 
                    the problem with human behavior modification

purdue university - fur 
                    trapping 101???




 











 


 




dedicated
                    to the welfare of native wildlife 
the humane way…
if
                      you’ve spent anytime at all watching and enjoying
                      animals, you are aware that they are wonderful silent communicators.
                      they have their own unique body language and can show a
                      range
                      of emotions. animals are intelligent and worthy of our
                      respect. they can love their young, and at the same time,
                      can be very
                      protective and territorial. 
read more in about us >>


 







 




wildlife
                    conflicts and resolutions
typically, wildlife and human
                      conflicts are often handled by targeting the symptoms
                      rather than the root cause of the problem. to illustrate, simply
					removing
                      a squirrel from an attic, while neglecting to seal up all
                      entry points into the attic, does nothing more than just 
					provide another opportunity for another animal to take 
					residence in your attic. the best way to resolve issues like 
					this is to prevent them from ever starting in the first 
					place. this means sealing up any possible entry points into 
					your home or building. read more in conflicts & resolutions >>



 







 





you
                    can help the animals, too.
educating oneself on animal issues is the most effective
                      manner in which to help animals of all species. anyone
                      unable to obtain specific information on any animal-related
                      topic is encouraged to contact the wildlife orphanage,
                      inc., wildlife assistance hotline (219)362-6999, or e-mail
                      us at laura@wildlife-orphanage.org
read more in how to help >>



 







 





purdue 
                          university - fur trapping 101???
for over 20 years, purdue university has supported the
                        trapping of wild animals through its participation in
                        the furbearer management course offered annually in northeastern
                        indiana. their endorsement of this course can only be
                        interpreted as explicit approval of fur trapping, thereby
                        diminishing purdue's stature and reputation within the
                        world of academia.
read more in news & events >>



 








 










  about 
                us | conflicts & resolutions 
                | how to help | news 
                & events | home














call 
          the wildlife assistance hotline at (219) 362-6999
wildlife orphanage, inc.
          dedicated to the welfare of native wildlife
          post office box 0945
          chesterton, in 46304
          (219) 362-6999
laura@wildlife-orphanage.org



 


 



 






