










































mechanical engineering















          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
mechanical engineering





search this site

submit search



menu
homeacademics & admissionscareer optionsundergraduatemajorsbachelor biomechanical engineeringbachelor mechanical engineeringminorhonorscotermcoterm admissionsgraduatemaster’s programmaster's admissionsadding an me degreedoctoral programphd admissionsadmissions faqsdirectors of academic studiesstudent services officefinancial aidme 2024 commencement and diploma ceremonyresearch & impactresearch areascomputational engineeringdesignhuman healthsustainabilitylabsstudent research opportunitiesgraduate research assistant positionsaffiliate programsour culturedirectors of academic studiesdiversity, equity, and inclusionstudent organizationsour historypeoplegroupsbiomechanical engineering programdegree programscoursesoffices and labsaffiliatesfaqstaffdesign grouplocationstaff and contactadministrative staffinstructorsalumnidegrees associated with the design groupoffices and labsbuilding 550job posting servicein memoriamindustrial affiliatesindustry affiliate program for teaching design thinkingcdr affiliates programme design project opportunities for industrymake a giftstudent awardsprofessor james l. adams creativity awardphilip barkan memorial awardernest g. chilton awardhenry o. fuchs memorial awardrobert h. mckim product design achievement awardjohn mcmordie memorial spirit awardmanufacturing systems engineering outstanding service to program awardflow physics and computational engineering groupstaffmechanics and computation groupcurriculumprospective studentsresearchstaffthermofluids, energy, and propulsion systems groupresearchrecent thesesstaff & contact usget involvedvisitcontactgiveaffiliate programsbiomechanical engineeringcenter for design researchteaching design thinkingthermal & fluid sciences affiliates programalumniwork here



     mechanical engineering
    



















 



























main content start



 



through deep scholarship and hands-on learning and research experiences, we pursue societal benefits in sustainability, mobility, and human health.
visit our research & impact page





 



our student-led conference





 






 














graduate students showcased revolutionary robots, biomedicine breakthroughs, and innovations of all kinds on may 9 at the revitalized stanford mechanical engineering conference.


            read about mecon
          








 



academics





 






 














undergraduates
we aim to give students a balance of intellectual and practical experiences that enable them to address a variety of societal needs, and prepares students for entry-level work as mechanical engineers or for graduate study in engineering.


            kick off your journey
          










 














graduate students
our goal is to align academic course work with research to prepare scholars in specialized areas within the field. areas of specialization include automatic controls, energy systems, fluid mechanics, design, and more.


            learn how you fit in
          








 



our people





 






 













bsme biomechanical engineering 2019
michelle xiao
"omaha native michelle xiao grew up dreaming of playing professional soccer. after several bumps along the way, her dream ultimately came true – in the middle of medical school."

          read the article
        









 













assistant professor, mechanical engineering
michaëlle mayalu
"my dad was my first introduction to the field of engineering."

          read michaëlle’s story
        







 






 













assistant professor, mechanical engineering
matthew edwards
"i’m interested in the ability of high-powered lasers, with their extremely bright light, to help us develop new devices and new types of technology."

          read matthew's story
        









 













phd candidate, mechanical engineering
skyler st. pierre
“i study how we can use neural networks and machine learning to better understand the mechanics of biological tissue and how the body works.”

          read skyler’s story
        







 



read all stories from the me community





 








 
























 






research themes

we work with an emphasis in four major research themes that together reflect the department's focus and methodologies.
 computational engineering
design

 human health
sustainability
















    back to top
  







resources for current students, faculty & staff (intranet)




for students
for faculty
for staff
dei resources
for design group

intranet












stanford

 
engineering




        web login
      



address

building 530
440 escondido mall
stanford, ca 94305
united states



visit


campus map


contact us


open faculty positions






stanford facebook





stanford instagram





twitter





linkedin





youtube






resources


apply


collaborate


give




information


news


events


university covid-19 updates













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






