






musiciansbuyline online source for useed musical instruments


















musicians buy line






musicians buy line & musicians garage sale are here to help you find the perfect used musical instrument to fit your wants and needs. you are our number one priority. thank you!

 our vintage musiclal instruments, drum sets, snare drums, hardware, drum parts and cymbals are stored in a climate controlled, secure warehouse and all music gear is 100% guaranteed and shipped free!

we are an appointment only used or vintage instrument store and drum shop, featuring good quality vintage musical instruments, drum sets, snare drums and vintage drum parts. we buy and sell drums. all of our instruments and drums are 100% guaranteed and most are shipped free.

musicians garage sale has sold used and vintage instruments online since 1997. we are an online source for vintage musical instruments, vintage drums, hardware and drum parts.

musicians garage sale is an online source for used and vintage drums and other used musical instruments. all of our instruments, including ludwig snare drums hardware ludwig drum parts are stored in a climate controlled warehouse.








>



product spot light


simmons sd350 electronic drum set
 




information


top 10 reasons to buy used musical instruments



        1. as wood ages the tone of the instrument becomes better.
				2. no trees are harvested when a used musical instrument changes hands.
				3. you can own and preserve a piece of music history.
				4. buying used musical instruments is usually a better bargain.
				5. a quality vintage musical instrument is a good investment. 
				6. vintage instruments were produced by skilled craftsmen.
				7. early instrument production methods were better.
				8. quality raw materials were more abundant.
				9. vintage drums have a warm, melodic tone.
				10. visual or stage appeal » "the cool factor".
buying pre-owned or used musical instruments is a great way to help save the planet. purchasing a used musical instrument keeps it from ending up in a landfill and not only helps save the planet, it can help save you money. 



used gear for sale



links
accessories
cymbals
drums
guitars
pro audio
reverb store
music store




contact



contact information
hours & address
map
email
pn: 903-826-8149





about us



pre owned
electric bass guitars
electric guitars







used
pro audio gear
electronic drums







vintage
ludwig drums
slingerland drums
zickos drums



why buy used music gear?



find out how investing in vintage instruments can increase your wealth.
buying pre-owned or used musical instruments is a great way to help save the planet. purchasing a used musical instrument keeps it from ending up in a landfill and not only helps save the planet, it can help save you money. 
buying used instruments will keep them from ending up in a landfill, it helps save the planet and saves you money. 
so you see, you can find almost any kind of quality name-brand musical instruments and musical equipment that are for sale pre-owned. musiciansbuyline.com has offered a venue for musicians to buy musical instruments and to sell musical instruments online since march, 1997.  whether the musical instruments are used, or vintage, you can more-than-likely find it here.
thanks for visiting musicians buy line. 



 








 we buy and sell good used musical instruments.used musical instruments for sale by owner



top ten reasons to buy used musical instruments




			1. as wood ages the tone of the instrument becomes better.
				2. no trees are harvested when a used musical instrument changes hands.
				3. you can own and preserve a piece of music history.
				4. buying used musical instruments is usually a better bargain.
				5. a quality vintage musical instrument is a good investment. 
				6. vintage instruments were produced by skilled craftsmen.
				7. early instrument production methods were better.
				8. quality raw materials were more abundant.
				9. vintage drums have a warm, melodic tone.
				10. visual or stage appeal » "the cool factor".















the fender stratocaster is an electric guitar that belongs to the fender stratocaster series. it is a popular choice among musicians and is known for its versatile sound and sleek design. fender is a well-known brand in the musical instrument industry and has been producing quality guitars for decades. the stratocaster is a classic model that has been used by many famous guitarists throughout history.


famous lies of rock and roll famous musician quotes musicians garage sale 




we buy and sell used musical instruments.if you have a good used instrument for sale please,contact us.watch for more cool used music stuff.  check back often! thanks!  musicians buy line ©  all rights reserved | musicians garage sale ©  all rights reserved





