







the kunta kinte-alex haley foundation – the genealogy experience




















































































 the genealogy experience 


facebookxinstagramflickryoutubehome
the foundation

mission & vision
board & advisors
activities, research, & preservation


the memorial

artists
original arrival plaque
compass rose
sculpture group
story wall
leonard a. blackshear walkway


the inspiration
tours & resources

virtual tour guide
additional resources
online library catalog


news, events, blogs, & continuing research

news
conferences & events
blogs
continuing research


participation & engagement

contribute to the foundation

purchase: bates high school, center of excellence documentary


donors & sponsors


multimedia

photo gallery


donate now
contact us
search




menu


menu

 






previousnext

link to: the foundation

the foundation
the kunta kinte-alex haley foundation is a 501(c)(3), non-profit, tax-exempt organization dedicated to the exploration, rediscovery, and preservation of alex haley’s symbolic journey of african american history, genealogy, and cultural pride and heritage.


learn morelink to: the memorial

the memorial
the kunta kinte-alex haley memorial, located in historic annapolis, maryland portrays in word and symbol the triumph of the human spirit. it is the only monument of its kind in the united states,  commemorating the actual name and arrival place of an enslaved african.


learn morelink to: the inspiration

the inspiration
the memorial is inspired by alex haley’s 1976 pulitzer prize-winning novel, roots: the saga of an american family, which explores the lives of kunta kinte, an 18th-century african, and his descendants who were captured, sold into slavery, and taken to the united states.



learn more
welcome
the kunta kinte-alex haley foundation is the world’s premier organization for african americans and all others to come to for a fuller awareness and appreciation of their history, the universality of human experiences, and a deeper understanding of slavery and its impact on race relations in america today.
our mission is to spread alex haley’s vision of a world that celebrates ethnic diversity while honoring humankind’s common, universal experiences. through educational and cultural programs, public forums, and research, the foundation is dedicated to stimulating greater interest in african american culture, history, art, archaeology, anthropology, and genealogy, and to encourage people of all ethnic backgrounds to search for their own “roots.”
you too can be a part of the foundation’s legacy,  as there are many ways to participate in the work of the foundation. we invite you to explore our website to find out how you can discover the roots of your heritage.


latest news, conferences, events, & blogs
january 16, 2025/by alex haley foundationa recap: the 25 year anniversary celebration of the alex haley memorialnovember 8, 2024/by alex haley foundation25 year anniversary celebration of the alex haley memorialfebruary 27, 2023/by alex haley foundationcelebrate women’s history monthjanuary 26, 2021/by alex haley foundationfoundation announces genealogy supportoctober 31, 2020/by alex haley foundationmaryland emancipation day 2020september 21, 2020/by alex haley foundationfoundation’s annual commemoration ceremony

continuing research
march 20, 2023/by alex haley foundationfoundation highlights local african american female pioneers, volume ivoctober 4, 2021/by alex haley foundationfoundation highlights local african american female pioneers, volume iiijune 23, 2021/by alex haley foundationfoundation highlights local african american female pioneers, volume iimarch 9, 2021/by alex haley foundationfoundation highlights local african american female pioneers, volume i

click below for more on
 continuing research
 latest news
 conferences & events
 blogs


link to: original arrival plaque
1767year kunta kinte arrived in the united states after being  enslaved

link to: the inspiration
37number of published languages for the award-winning novel, “roots”

link to: the memorial
23number of years to complete the kunta kinte-alex haley memorial

link to: tours & resources
1,000,000number of visitors to the kunta kinte-alex haley memorial per year



  

the kunta kinte-alex haley memorial located in historic annapolis, maryland, the kunta kinte-alex haley memorial symbolizes the triumph of the human spirit. it conveys alex haley’s vision for national racial reconciliation and healing, and stresses the importance of strong family connection and the preservation and honoring of cultural history and heritage.
dedicated to our african ancestors whose names are forever lost in the oceans of time, and to any peoples that arrived in the new world in bondage, whose unpaid labor forged the foundation of this nation’s rise to greatness. also, to the descendants of these ancestors who strive to foster a nation that celebrates ethnic diversity within the spirit of brotherhood, mutual respect, and understanding.

kunta kinte-alex haley foundation the kunta kinte-alex haley foundation, inc. was incorporated in the state of maryland in 1995, as a tax-exempt, 501(c)(3) nonprofit profit organization.
our mission is to spread the vision of alex haley, a world that celebrates ethnic diversity while honoring humankind’s common universal experiences.
the foundation is dedicated to stimulating greater interest in african american culture, history, art, archaeology, anthropology, and genealogy, and to encouraging people of all ethnic backgrounds to search for their own “roots.”
 contribute to the foundation

contact information  mailing address
kunta kinte-alex haley foundation, inc.
asbury united methodist church
87 west street, 2nd floor
annapolis, maryland 21401
 telephone
410.295.9395
 e-mail
info@kintehaley.org







© 2025 the kunta kinte-alex haley foundation | all rights reserved 
facebookxinstagramflickryoutube






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
accept settingshide notification only






































