










custom optical design, manufacturing and consultancy - resolve optics

















































 


 












+44 (0)1494 777 100
sales@resolveoptics.com



facebook




linkedin




youtube


 





facebook




linkedin




youtube



subscribe to bi-annual newsletter
 












home
about

about resolve optics
oem design & manufacture
exhibitions
careers (1)


products

zoom lenses
optical modules
uv, ir and swir lenses
radiation resistant lenses
lens adapters
other lenses


capabilities
case studies
resources

technical notes
articles and white papers
interviews
videos
newsletters
newsletter subscription
resolve optics brochure
space ready optics


press

news
social media


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














custom optical design,manufacturing and consultancy

resolve optics ltd has for over 20 years developed oem quantity special lenses and optical designs for small and large high technology businesses. our customers have benefited from our novel and economic optical solutions. several are currently world leaders in their niche high technology markets.
resolve optics has developed the rare capability to produce small quantities of high performance, mounted lenses with the professional look, feel and quality equivalent to the best professional photographic and broadcast tv lenses.
drawing upon our experienced team of optical designers we are able to quickly gain an understanding of the basic physics of the technology associated with each customer’s product enabling us to propose novel solutions.








spotlight on oem design & manufacture
designing an optical system for high temperature applications
for high temperature applications, optical systems need to be designed to ensure performance is maintained at the application operating temperature.
more information…








spotlight on radiation resistant lenses
cmos sensor optimised non-browning lenses.
many applications in nuclear plants and reprocessing facilities incorporate remote monitoring cameras to assist in ensuring safe and productive operation.
more information…








case studies
rugged uv lenses key to smart ballistics detection system
an automatic return fire system or gunfire locator is a system that detects, conveys and automatically returns a ballistic response to the location of gunfire or other weapon fire using optical sensors.more information…









inside resolve optics
resolve optics ltd has for over 20 years developed oem quantity special lenses and optical designs for small and large high technology businesses. our customers have benefited from our novel and economic optical solutions. several are currently world leaders in their niche high technology markets.
resolve optics has developed the rare capability to produce small quantities of high performance, mounted lenses with the professional look, feel and quality equivalent to the best professional photographic and broadcast tv lenses.
read on…



























a comprehensive service
resolve optics designs, develops and manufactures bespoke optical systems. we react quickly to the initial enquiry, whilst ensuring we understand the customer’s application and requirements and at the same time, we ensure that the customer understands our specifications and designs making the whole process as simple and clear as possible.
the design, manufacture and testing of our products is carried out at our chesham facility, utilising up-to-date 3d cad software, laboratory environment production facility with a cleanroom maintained to iso  standards and state of the art mtf testing equipment.
we ensure our customers security of supply.  as long as the customer requires a lens resolve optics will continue to manufacture and supply those lenses.














latest news from resolve optics











highly efficient image intensifier relay lenses

jan 16, 2025resolve optics is a leading supplier of application optimized relay lenses that improve the efficiency of image intensifiers. an image intensifier is a device for increasing the intensity of available light in an optical system to allow use under low-light conditions,...
read more




compact lens for operating in high radiation areas

dec 12, 2024the model 390 is resolve optics most compact radiation resistant lens. measuring just 21 x 14mm – the model 390 is the perfect non browning lens for small sensor cameras operating in high radiation areas. designed to maintain high clarity up to a total radiation dose...
read more




athermalized lenses offer wide temperature range operation

nov 19, 2024resolve optics is a specialist supplier of athermalized lenses designed to maintain focus over a wide temperature range. standard, off-the-shelf lenses developed for imaging applications perform well in temperature-controlled environments or where temperatures vary...
read more





read more



 








terms & conditions
data protection statement
quality statement
environmental policy


 office hours
monday to thursday: 8.00 – 5.30
friday: closed (see contact page for details)


      



home
market sectors
products
news
terms and conditions
 






facebook




linkedin




youtube


copyright resolve optics limited 2025 






































