




kurt ribak, singer / bassist / songwriter / bandleader:
      recordings, live videos, and other stuff









 


 
photo by
              clifton romig

 kurt
          ribak (pronounced ree-bok, like the shoes)
 
 
 

 
site















































































                      map     





















































                        kurt's gigs      




















































                  contact       presspage   
  



recordings

 
 
 








 recordings - we have five
                  recordings.  
                  our records are played on kcsm-fm, san diego's jazz
                  88, pri's "jazz after hours" (syndicated on 70
                  stations), kpfa, kzfr, kkup, kzsc, krcb, 
                  soulandjazz.com's "the creative source" and more.


the newest record, "onward"
                features greg
                  sankovich, ross



                  wilson, lincoln



                  adler, russ
                  gold, alan hall, michaelle goerlitz, myles boisen, and kurt.  
                it's our best record yet.  it was recorded at fantasy studios in
                berkeley by adam muñoz
                and produced by greg, lincoln, and kurt.


 
 purchase: you





























                can buy kurt
                  ribak's cds, downloads, etc. online on itunes, apple music, amazon
                and all the other usual online sources.  
                try this songwhip
                link for streams and downloads of the kurt ribak
                recordings, and this other











































                    songwhip link for recordings of the kurt
                  ribak trio. 

stores that carry our cds include bird
                    & beckett books & records, 653
                  chenery st., san francisco, and down home music, 10341




              san pablo avenue, el cerrito, ca.


                    streaming: you can also stream us on
              spotify, apple music and pandora, as well as other
              sources.  try this songwhip
                  link for streams and downloads of the kurt ribak
                  recordings, and this other











































                      songwhip link for recordings of the kurt




                    ribak trio. 



 

 
upcoming


                              release

                      we plan to have a new record featuring some of my
                      tangos, rumbas, boleros, a cumbia, and other tunes
                      out by may 17 of 2025, when we
                      play the joe henderson lab at sfjazz. 



                      recording is already underway.
tickets
                      are currently available only to sfjazz members at
                      this time.  they will become available to
                      non-members in the future.  the joe henderson
                      lab only seats about 107 people, and tickets are
                      already being reserved, so i encourage folks to
                      get tickets early.
    

kurt ribak
                            interview

 



 kurt was interviewed
              by bandleader / singer/songwriter / guitarist george
                cole for his hot jazz network podcast - you
              can find the podcast on spotify, amazon,
              podtail,
              apple






                  podcasts, and elsewhere.



 






 sfjazz wrote some really
                                  nice stuff about my band:
  
 “joyous,











































































                              grooving, bluesy, sophisticated and
                              masterful" could all be accurately use to
                              describe bassist and composer kurt ribak’s
                              music, but perhaps an assessment is best
                              left to the man himself, who calls his
                              rollicking mix of bebop sophistication and
                              body-moving grooves “charles mingus meets
                              the meters.” ribak brings his superb
                              working quartet, performing music from
                              their most recent album "onward."
  
 a berkeley
                      native, ribak parlayed his formative musical
                      experiences as a cellist and member of the san
                      francisco boys chorus into a passion for the bass,
                      studying at cal berkeley and boston’s berklee
                      college of music before returning to the east bay
                      and establishing a well-deserved reputation as one
                      of the most respected creative forces on the
                      scene. at the top of his creative game, ribak
                      suffered a devastating injury in a 2012 car
                      accident that shattered his left arm and led to a
                      dozen surgeries, leaving the bassist’s musical
                      future in serious doubt. through extensive
                      physical rehab and endless persistence, ribak
                      re-learned to play and eventually returned to the
                      bandstand, and it is this hard-won struggle to
                      reclaim his life and career that led to onward,
                      his most personal statement to date. with a
                      renewed sense of urgency and the accompaniment of
                      his telepathic quartet, including saxophonist
                      lincoln adler and keyboardist greg sankovich, kurt
                      ribak is back for the long haul."
  
there's also a blog post sfjazz
                  asked me to write about my injury and recovery here: https://www.sfjazz.org/onthecorner/kurt-ribak-interview/.


                      also -


"kurt's ability to
                  take you on a journey from the deepest waters of the
                  caribbean to the funky alleys of the urban jungle in
                  one listening makes him a truly gifted original in my
                  book." - chris cortez, kcsm fm announcer 
 



 videos - we have a youtube



                                            channel

haven't seen us
                        before and want to see if it's your
                        thing?   or revisit some of our
                        shows?  check out our youtube channel,
                          or watch the selected videos below.  the
                          youtube





























                              channel features a bunch
                          of performances from our freight & salvage
                          shows and a yoshi's show. 
        


curious what you missed last
                        time at the freight & salvage?  want
                        another chance to see last year's show?  
                      check out our youtube




























































































                          channel.  it features a bunch of
                      performances from our freight &
                          salvage show last year.

interviews of kurt ribak
              these video interviews were made by lincoln adler - www.lincolnadler.com.
              lincoln plays with us often and is the saxophonist of times 4, the
              jazz-funk group greg
                sankovich also plays in.




   





gig mailing list
                to join the mailing list, you are welcome to
                click on subscribegiglist
                and include the address where you want to receive the
                mail in the body of the message. we'd love it if you
                mention how you heard of us.
                to leave the mailing list, just click unsubscribegiglist
                and include the address you want dropped from the
                mailing list in the body of the message.
 
site
                          map page

 



