






product handling design, inc. – overhead crane systems – phd crane systems




































 
 







skip to content







home
overhead systems
service
contact us
gallery
menu 



search for:











 
phd-8250more 



 





 

 


 


					products				

at product handling design we provide total solutions for your material handling applications by engineering a custom, quality system for your application. phd offers top/under running bridge cranes, monorails, jib cranes, gantry cranes, patent track systems, jib cranes. phd can also handle your material storage needs with rousseau cabinets, workstations, drawers and parts storage.

					see our systems 


 

 


 


					service				

safety comes first at product handling. we provide specialized maintenance services and spare parts for all types overhead cranes, work station cranes, and fall protection systems to ensure that your phd system is safe and working efficiently. with our years of experience with oshaa inspections, preventative maintenance, retrofits, modernizations, and general parts, we are ready to get your system back up and running as soon as possible.

					support 


 

 


 


					contact us				

with over half a century in the material handling industry, product handling design is ready to create a system designed for your operations. please send us an inquiry via email through the link below to contact one of our expert crane advisors regarding your material handling needs.

					contact an expert 


 






 why phd?

we at product handling focus on creating the best system for your material handling needs. in our years of experience we have created numerous overhead cranes and complete systems all over the world and have been able to build fully automated systems. we have the ability to design and fabricate columns, runways and girders in house. through the years we have had the chance to create great relationships with our component partners to get you the best components on your system. product handling has been give opportunity to work with customers like quantas in sydney, fiat in brindisi, alfa romeo in napolia, eva in taipei, gates rubber in chengzhou and many others across the globe.
 about us


  
founded in 1964, product handling has been built by focusing on creating the best system for your material handling needs. in our years of experience we have created numerous material handling systems all over the world. we also have the ability to design and fabricate columns, runways and girders in house to exact specifications for your custom system. more recently, we have created fully automatic crane systems that put us ahead of the competition.
through the years we have had the chance to create great relationships with our component partners to get you the best components on your system. our systems can be found all across the globe. product handling has been given the opportunity to work with customers like nasa in louisiana, quantas in sydney, fiat in brindisi, alfa romeo in napoli, eva in taipei, gates rubber in chengzhou and many others across the globe.








 







a siteorigin theme






