  iceboat.org: the world's most comprehensive source about ice boat sailing.  
           



homejoinaboutofficers & history4liyc honor rollbuy & sellsailing safenational iceboat authorityweatherregattasregatta schedulenorthwest regattainternational skeeter associationrenegadewi stern steerers associationdn senior shuffledn regattasarchivesisa news & viewsphotoscontact
select page
welcome to iceboat.orgthe four lakes ice yacht club is one of the most active iceboat clubs in north america. we’ve been building and racing iceboats for over 100 years in madison, wisconsin, usa.get started iceboatingice is never 100% safe.our ice reports are strictly for iceboat racers. recreational iceboaters, kite boarders, cross country skiers, and ice fishermen should not rely on our ice reports. we have safety equipment. do you?learn aboutsailing safebuy or sell your iceboatone of the best pages in north america to buy or sell iceboats and their parts. there’s also a complete list of vendors who will supply iceboats, sails, and their components.classifiedscommon questions:how can i get started? how fast can they go? how much do they cost? is it safe?faqregatta watchinformation about the isa, niya, wssa, nite, and dn regattas.regatta datesiceboat classeslearn about skeeters, dns, stern steerers, renegades, nites, and ice optimists.an explanation of iceboat classesthe rules.the purpose of iceboat racing rules is to prevent collisions.the racing rulesice yacht clubsthe best way to learn about iceboating and make life long friendships is to join a local club.contact us to find a club in your areawhy we sail.“if all our ice were glass, slightly wet, and all our air reasonably steady with lifters just where needed, sailing would be perfect. sometimes we do find this, and it is worth waiting years to have. meanwhile we must accept the more ordinary ice conditions, ordinary weather and wind, and gracefully accept snow, sometimes for weeks. our ideal comes from time to time, the great maker gives only so much of the very best.” charles h. johnson.donateiceboating for kidsice optimists were created specifically as a youth trainer, designed to be easily built using commonly available materials, and to keep costs to a minimum.learn moreupcoming:4liyc meeting : feb 12 meeting is postponed – next meeting tentatively feb 19.dn world & north american championship: feb 2 – 8 more informationinternational skeeter association regatta: tentatively called on for  feb 14 – 16. next update feb 12northwest regatta: sailed @ winnebago january 24 – 26. more informationsenior shuffle dn regatta: postponed more information4liyc shipstore: order custom iceboat shirts, hats, and gear. more information.burgee: order your 4liyc burgeepay your dues online
regatta watch: 2025 isa & renegade championship postponed to feb 21 – 23by deb whitehorse | feb 12, 20252025 nite nationals. photo: will johnstonthe isa race committee has postponed the 2025 annual championship to february 21, 22, 23, 2025. (along with the renegade championship.)the snow falling right now, along with the forecast for much additional snow friday has put the regatta on hold for now. all possible locations are affected by the snow.the next decision will be on sunday the 16th, when the snow results will be known. there is a lot of regatta condition ice under the snow, so we are still early in the season and may yet see it melt off.steve schalksecretary/treasurerinternational skeeter associationlike this:like loading...
in the news – again! milwaukee journal sentinalby deb whitehorse | feb 11, 2025
great article about our sport including recognition for minnesota’s sam bartel, a young man who is bringing new sailors into the sport.iceboats can go 80 mph on wisconsin’s frozen lakes
iceboats, some a century old, are the speedsters and yachts of frozen lakes.
by rick barrett
milwaukee journal sentinelcrivitz – on lake noquebay in marinette county, the ace of spades, miss jane ii, rosemary, and other iceboats gather for a regatta on ice where the wind has cleared much of the snow. continue reading.like this:like loading...
in the news: the 2024 northwestby deb whitehorse | feb 11, 2025
minnesota station kare joined us at the 2024 northwest in waconia, minnesota last season. check out their coverage at the 8 minute mark. watch here.like this:like loading...
regatta watch: 2025 isa & renegade championship tentatively called on for feb 14 – 16by deb whitehorse | feb 9, 2025photo: marcus berghahnthe isa championship regatta is tentatively on for february 14th – 16th, 2025. multiple locations are under review including madison wi and lake city mn.the final call will be made by noon on wednesday february 12th. check back here at that time.steve schalksecretary/treasurerinternational skeeter associationlike this:like loading...
a family legacy on ice: uw student eden milan and the mary bby deb whitehorse | feb 9, 2025for uw-madison student eden milan, a simple connection to madison’s frozen lakes turned into an unexpected discovery of their family’s deep ice boating history. milan’s great-grandfather, carl bernard, was one of madison’s most accomplished iceboat skippers, winning numerous championships—including nine titles aboard the legendary mary b. though originally from seattle, milan had no idea they were connected to such a significant piece of madison’s ice boating legacy until they arrived at uw.this past weekend at the frozen assets festival, milan had the rare opportunity to ride aboard the mary b, experiencing firsthand the ice yacht that helped define their great-grandfather’s legacy. if you haven’t seen this historic iceboat in action yet, there’s still time to visit the mary b set up in front of the edgewater.on a chilly weekday morning in february, eden milan pulled a pair of ice creepers over their shoes (rubber grips with small spikes at the bottom) and walked out onto the frozen lake mendota.on the lake, a group of enthusiastic ice boat sailors worked to reassemble the boat milan’s great-grandfather collected so many of his trophies with, a boat that continues to represent madison’s history as an ice boating haven. continue reading.full circle on the ice—eden milan rides aboard the mary b, the same legendary iceboat her great-grandfather, carl bernard, once raced to victory.like this:like loading...
4liyc racing & celebration on lake mendota for feb 8 – 9by deb whitehorse | feb 7, 2025hundreds of people watch as fireworks launch into the night sky above an inflatable replica of the statue of liberty’s head, arm and torch on frozen and ice-covered lake mendota during the conclusion of the wisconsin union’s winter carnival on feb. 11, 2023. the event was held along the shoreline of the memorial union terrace at the university of wisconsin–madison. the lady liberty tradition began with a prank in 1979 by the pail and shovel party which made a campaign promise. read moremadison celebrates on the lake mendota ice this weekend.
this weekend, four lakes ice yacht club (4liyc) sailors are shifting gears a bit to focus on promoting the sport of iceboating while taking advantage of great conditions. instead of official club racing, we’re focusing on a fun sailing day on saturday, february 8, as part of the uw winter carnival and frozen assets celebrations at the memorial union and edgewater. it’s also a good opportunity to see the mary b set up at the edgewater. stop by and say hello to 4liyc members from the iceboat foundation who help preserve this boat.if you want to sail on lake mendota, you can set up at lot 60 or brearly street and sail toward the edgewater and the union to give spectators a close-up look at the sport. if conditions remain favorable and the snow holds off, we may also hold 4liyc club racing on sunday, february 9, on lake mendota. we’ll have more information on possible 4liyc racing on saturday, february 8.bucky’s new ride, the mary b  like this:like loading...
lake winnebago – the place to be for ice sailingby deb whitehorse | feb 6, 20254liyc commodore daniel hearn takes first in silver at the dn worlds.not pictured, second place dave elsmo.  photo: anna suslovalake winnebago – the place to be for ice sailinglake winnebago has been the place to be for ice sailing this season. from the northwest regatta to the wisconsin stern steerers association regatta, the dn western region championship, and now the dn world and north american championships, it has been an incredible stretch of racing on one of the best venues in north america.it’s great to be back on winnebago for the dn worlds and north americans and even better to drive on the ice, making race logistics easier for sailors and officials. these back-to-back regatta weeks can be exhausting, but ice sailors have been waiting for years for this kind of ice. beyond the racing, seeing everyone socializing at the hotel and gathering for a banquet at sunset on the water has been fantastic.dn world championship recapthe world championship is now complete, and congratulations to five-time champion matt struble. watching the best ice sailors in the world at work is always incredible. right behind matt, the polish sailors continue to be a massive force, along with the swedes and estonians, who have all shown their skill and consistency. the top swedish sailors in this competition have a long history with my brother, ron rosten, who has followed their progress from junior racing all the way to the gold fleet. ron attends the junior world championship held in europe every year, and it has been amazing to see these young sailors grow into top competitors.north american championship beginsnow, the focus shifts to the north american championship, where four races have been completed. every race has been like a high-speed chess match, where every move counts, and the slightest mistake can cost positions. the competition has been fierce, with no easy wins.today’s forecast calls for strong winds, and i’m sure pro pat heppert is already driving to the lake to check conditions as i type this.4liyc sailors at the dn world championshipcloser to home, our four lakes ice yacht club (4liyc) sailors had strong performances at the dn world championship, battling through some of the toughest competition in recent memory. the silver fleet raced at a gold fleet level, and bronze felt like silver, making every finish hard-earned.chad atkins finished 14th in gold fleet4liyc commodore daniel hearn won the silver fleet, securing an automatic spot in the gold fleet for the championshipdave elsmo was right behind him, taking 2nd place in silver fleetdale gordon finished 20th in the bronze fleetgreat racing from our club members—congratulations to all!it has been an incredible week, and we are hoping to finish out the north americans with a complete seven-race series. stay tuned for updates!stay updated with the latest results, photos, and behind-the-scenes coverage:website – visit idniyra.org for official announcements, race updates, and results.website – visit the new england ice yachting association for race updates from the new england contingentevent photos: anna suslova gallery. link password: sailgretchen dorian photo galleryinstagram – follow @idniyrafacebook – idniyra – dn north america for live updates, videos, and community discussions.2025 north american championship results – view the full competitor list and follow live results2025 world championship results – view here.new to iceboat racing? – learn how it works by watching this short video:- how ice boat racing works.for media inquiries – please contact secretary.idniyira@gmail.com. or text 608-347 3513 photo gallery by anna suslova – gallery link password: saillike this:like loading...
regatta watch: 2025 isa & renegade championship postponed to feb14 – 16by deb whitehorse | feb 5, 2025
via isa secretary/treasurer steve schalkthe 2025 isa and renegade championship has been postponed until february 14 – 16. the weather forecast of little to no wind on friday, with a full day of vision blocking snow on saturday made the decision to postpone clear.the next update will be posted here on sunday, february 9.like this:like loading...
wisconsin stern steerers association 2025 regatta results & photosby deb whitehorse | feb 5, 2025don ward flying start trophy. photo gretchen dorian.results
the 2025 wisconsin stern steerers association (wssa) regatta took place on lake winnebago in fond du lac, wi february 1 – 2.
wssa secretary/treasurer andy gratton shared, “we had the first race for the don ward flying start trophy, to be sailed for by d stern steerers only. joe terry is the winner.”
photos: gretchen dorianlike this:like loading...
regatta watch: 2025 isa & renegade championship tentatively called on for feb 7-9by deb whitehorse | feb 2, 2025greg mccormick sailing a renegade on lake monona, feb 2, 2025. photo: marcus berghahnvia international skeeter association secretary/treasurer steve schalkthe 2025 international skeeter association and renegade championship regattas are tentatively called on for the february 7 – 9.
primary site is lake monona, madison, wi. secondary site is lake pepin, lake city, mn. final confirmation will be made by wednesday, february 5, by noon.steve schalk
secretary / treasurer isalike this:like loading...« older entriesget started iceboating

donate to the 4liyc

iceboat.org archivesfollow us
instagram   
facebook   online ship’s storeregatta dates 2025dn western challenge
december 6 – 8, 2024
informationdn western region championship
january 4-5, 2025
informationinternational skeeter association regatta
informationdn world & na championship
february 2 -8, 2025 informationdn european championship
february 22 – march 12, 2025 informationdn & ice optimist junior championship
february 7 – 16, 2025
informationnorthwest regatta informationnite nationals informationwssa championship regatta
information.subscribeenter your email address to subscribe to iceboat.org and receive notifications of new posts by email.

email address						





 
subscribe						
join 283 other subscribersnational iceboat authority web page4liyc governing documentsby laws & racing rules4liyc iceboating rules graphicracing rules animation4liyc race results2023-20242022-20232021-20222019-20202018-20192017-20182016-2017click for 4liyc meeting dates2024-2025january 2 thursday
honor roll nominationsjanuary 15
deadline for by-law or racing rules amendment submissionjanuary 29february 12 business meeting february 26march 12 last meeting of the seasonlocation:
in person at the elks lodge
711 jenifer st, madison, wi 53703time: 6:30 pmyou are skipper number 
to round the mark since november 1999.iceboat clubsboe-craft skeeter associationchickawaukee ice boat club, mainedn america forumdn grand masters europedn europedn north americadn world portalfond du lac ice yacht club
fond du lac, wi
920-376-3026green lake, wi
ice yacht clubgrand traverse ice yacht clubgull lake, mi
ice yacht club4liyc ice optimist youth sailinghudson river ice yachtinghudson river ice yacht preservation trustice boat foundation – mary binternational skeeter associationlake hopatcong, nj facebooklake ronkonkoma long island, ny long branch ice boat club, nj
international nite class associationinternational renegade associationmenekaunee ice yacht club,
menominee, mi
phone 906-290-0047minnesota iceboating.netnew england ice yacht associationnorth shrewsbury, nj ice yacht clubnorthwest regattapaul goodwin idniyra sitesouth side ice yacht club, oshkosh, witoledo, oh
ice yacht clubwisconsin stern steerers associationyankee ice yacht associationremote control ice boats facebook groups4liycgreen lake iycgull lake iycidniyraidniyra europelake hopatcong, nj iycmn ice boatersnorth shewsbury iyctoledo iycice cam linkscanyon ferry, montanageneva lake, gordy’s boat sales, fontana, wi look for webcam link upper right cornerlake geneva yacht clublake mendota todaylake mendota, center for limnologyaos roofop: lake mendota, mallets bay, lake champlainlake minnetonka, minnesotalake winnebago, neenah, wigreat lakes modis satellitesentinel satellite lake access permitsa year-round permit required for designated launch sites in the city of madison and dane county parks. locations include:lake mendota
warner park
mendota county parklake monona
tonyawatha tr.
olin parklake waubesa
goodland parkpurchase lake access permit online.searchrecent posts
sold! february 11, 2025: c stern-steerer in wi
february 15, 2025
regatta watch: 2025 isa & renegade championship postponed to feb 21 – 23
february 12, 2025
in the news – again! milwaukee journal sentinal
february 11, 2025
in the news: the 2024 northwest
february 11, 2025
sold! december 9, 2024: arrow in pa
february 11, 2025
february 10, 2025: renegade in wi
february 10, 2025
october 9, 2024: krueger-whitehorse rumble-seat skeeter lana in wi
february 10, 2025
sold! october 9, 2024: mattison-krueger rumble-seat skeeter in wi – whitehorses
february 10, 2025
sold! december 3, 2024: class a skeeter in mn
february 10, 2025
regatta watch: 2025 isa & renegade championship tentatively called on for feb 14 – 16
february 9, 2025share this:facebooktwittermoreprintlike this:like loading...contact us+1 608-347-3513
email us translatesearch
search for:

about usthe four lakes ice yacht club is one of the most active iceboat clubs in north america.
we've been building and racing iceboats for over 100 years in madison, wisconsin, usa.
we sail on lake kegonsa, lake monona, and lake mendota. we also join with other ice yacht clubs to compete in regattas on lakes around the world.

facebook


x


rss
copyright 2020 four lakes ice yacht club
madison, wisconsin, usa                                    %d






























































































































































































 

