     zumbrota ford dealer in zumbrota mn | rochester red wing pine island ford dealership minnesota                                               




















zumbrota ford







sales
507-732-5127



service
507-732-5127

parts
507-732-5127



1660 main street zumbrota, mn 55992
                                 







service







map







contact





















zumbrota ford




      call 507-732-5127   directions    
             home   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   2024 ford maverick     used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service   order parts   quick lane     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator     work with us   work with us   careers     about us   our dealership   our mission   meet our team   testimonials     contact us   dealer information   leave us a review   referrals   hours & directions   ccpa                      home   new   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car   2024 ford maverick     used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   schedule service   order parts   quick lane     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator     work with us   work with us   careers     about us   our dealership   our mission   meet our team   testimonials     contact us   dealer information   leave us a review   referrals   hours & directions   ccpa               







    inventory search 176 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used    any year  any make  any model search     new used    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       














get pre-approved











schedule service











view specials










     search new inventory     search used inventory        

welcome to
zumbrota ford
in 1903, the first ford model a made its way out of the factory and onto the road. ford quickly became a driving force in the auto industry, and over 100 years later ford is still going strong. while we haven't been around for quite as long here at zumbrota ford, we're still proud to be part of this illustrious brand, and we're here to help drivers from all over the rochester, owatonna, red wing, and faribault areas with anything ford-related. with our wide selection of new ford vehicles, knowledgeable salespeople, and excellent customer service, we have something for everyone.
more about us


     select a body style




truck





hatchback





minivan





cargo van







wagon





sedan





coupe





suv



                      follow                                                      

ford dealer in zumbrota, mn
welcome to the best place to get a ford in minneapolis: zumbrota ford. our business is not really about selling cars, but rather finding solutions for frustrated shoppers who don't want a car or deal they'll end up hating, or are stuck with one now. you won't regret working with us!


a dealer for the people
since steve johnson founded zumbrota ford in 1999, our dealership has put advising customers first. no matter what vehicle you need or your credit history, we believe you should be able to get a modern, high-quality, well-equipped vehicle in great condition. we specialize in special financing, using multiple tactics to get you approved for credit, guaranteed. on top of this, we listen to your concerns and answer every question, because a deal is only a good as you are comfortable with it.
with so many dealers in the zumbrota area, you should only trust the few who repeatedly earn awards and accolades. our honest and encouraging sales approach has earned us the dealer rater award for dealer of the year nine times in a row! this award is given to dealerships who have numerous glowing reviews from customers on the dealer rater website. before, during, and after the buying process, we care about your automotive needs and go out of our way to help.
giving back to minnesota
we believe a great business helps not only itself and its customers, but also its local community. to that end, zumbrota ford has supports various charitable groups including future farmers of america. we have also supported the jeremiah project, an organization that lifts poverty-stricken families into comfortable and successful lives. lastly, we have supported minnesota technical colleges, the essential link to many of our young adults getting a great start on their future careers.


diverse ford inventory
from the f-150 to the ecosport and escape, zumbrota ford keeps a large and varied inventory of new ford models. we also offer plenty of focus and explorer models, along with everything else in ford's current lineup. take a look at our new vehicle inventory and search by whatever you wish, including model, trim level, mpg rating, engine, price range, body color, and so much more. more interested in a pre-owned vehicle? we keep an even broader collection of vehicles from ford and other makes, all in great condition.
you can also easily schedule a test drive for models that catch your eye during your search. getting a quick quote or appraisal for your trade and checking up on manufacturer incentives are all just as breezy. for used vehicles, we have handy subcategories such as vehicles under $15,000, certified pre-owned ford models, and models with only one past owner. our site lets you fully prepare and research your options before you call or visit.
why get stuck with a car you hate, or a deal you wish could be better when something perfect for you is truly possible? call or contact us today and we'll make it our goal to find you the best ford or other vehicle, all with no headaches or games.

                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy  | do not sell my personal information  | zumbrota ford | 1660 main street , zumbrota, mn 55992 | sales: 507-732-5127 |                



















        