


ionc · home












































						ionc
					

						international organization of nutritional consultants




							(519) 304-7002						


							info@ionc.org						








					(519) 304-7002				




					info@ionc.org				









homebenefitsjoinblogdirectorymember login






menu





homebenefitsjoinblogdirectorymember login










 


					supporting your wellness and the wellness of the world
				


























					ionc vision				


				who we are and what we're about			










					ionc designations				


				certifications and standards			










					welcome medical professionals				


				ionc advanced registered orthomolecular health practitioner rohp (t) designation for healthcare professionals			












hope for world peace

				let us send wisdom to each of the leaders in war-torn countries.
				may they each begin to reach for peaceful solutions to the issues instead of exhibiting aggressive behaviours.
				killing resolves nothing as it fuels more hatred and cycles of violence.
				we are all created equal with inalienable rights while on this planet.
				every life is sacred.
				none should be enslaved by another, be it the misuse of hierarchy, the abuse of economic structures or the distortions of religious teachings.
				may new choices rather than reactive choices be made in the best interests of all humanity and the planet.

			



















what are the main differences between nutritional consultants and dieticians?

read article













raise your cellular vibration

read article
more articles










				professional scope of practice for rohp/rncps
			

				as an rohp/rncp, there are ethical and legal obligations that are crucial to professional practice.
				professional practitioners have the duty to be honest with clients, provide quality service and work within the following safeguards outlined below.
				these principles of ethics and conduct are essential to the process by which you govern your practice to help legally protect yourself and your clients.
				
read more











				become an ionc professional member
			

				provided you meet the ionc educational requirements from an approved orthomolecular and holistic nutrition education training provider and supply all required documents, you may apply to become a registered orthomolecular health practitioner (rohp) or registered nutritional consulting practitioner (rncp). your level of training will determine the professional designation awarded.
				
join today








ionc supporting your wellness and the wellness of the world





it starts with staying true to ourselves and being in alignment with nature.
our bodies are always signalling and informing us as to how well we are living in accordance to our true nature, which is pure love. pure love conditions and optimizes our biology and it is our true source of immunity.
clean food, nutrition, environment and lifestyle of course plays its part but this requires us to reverse the corruption of our food chain, the poisoning of our water supply and its ill effects on our intestines and minds.
if we can move forward together in agreement with nature, standing strong and not falling prey to external suggestions that lack integrity, nurturing what is right and dispensing with what is wrong, then wellness can return as our natural, more comfortable state of being.





power of choice
			we must always retain the power of choice to direct our wellbeing and how we care for our own bodies.
		


our presence
			we should be able to choose the way our societies function, not by rules and regulations that ignore our presence – our feelings, opinions, and preferences.
		


unbound by rules
			we have become contaminated by the unhealthy control and power of agencies, agendas and propaganda that discriminates, divides and turns us against one another, saying one thing is better than another.
		


nature's laws
			we have our own self-governing, self-regulating mechanism which is our source connection with nature’s laws – don’t destroy nature, don’t kill and tell the truth!
		






meet the executive team






lisa pigott
rohp
executive director

						
			lisa pigott currently holds the position of executive director of the international organization of nutritional consultants.
			she is a long standing professional member of the ionc and has previously served as board member and vice president.
			lisa has been in private practice for over 25 years and has extensive experience in alternative wellcare for the family.
			lisa supports ionc members and believes that orthomolecular nutrition holds the key to unlock optimal wellness in our world!
							





catherine carleton-fitchett
r.ac, rohp
general manager

						
			catherine carleton-fitchett has extensive comple­mentary and preventative healthcare experience.
			she has been in private practice for over 30 year and holds professional memberships in orthomolecular nutrition, bioenergetics (formerly kinesiology), and traditional chinese medicine acupuncture.
			she brings a wealth of clinical knowledge with her, in various leadership roles for ionc.
			she has been a long standing member, past vice president of the board of directors and currently holds the position of general manager.
			catherine is a visionary and a proponent of prioritizing, promoting and propagating the truth as a way forward in creating meaningful change in healthcare and the world.
							





bob johnston
b.a., d.c., d.hom., rohp
president

						
			bob has over four decades of experience in the healing arts as a chiropractor, homeopath, classical and auricular medicine acupuncturist, orthomolecular nutrition, functional medicine practitioner, dark field microscopy and teacher of certified nutrition.
			he is now living holistically off the land on vancouver island in british columbia.
			he is involved in various organizations that are geared for the betterment of humanity and the planet.
			he understands the world needs strong leadership at a time when there is division and polarity creating conflict.
			bob has the integrity to lead a parallel health system that embraces and elevates orthomolecular nutrition to its rightful place in wellness.
			it is time the world acts in truth, with no harm to all, including mother nature.
							





liz cotman
rhop, r. bie, dip. n
vice president / treasurer

						
			elizabeth cotman has practiced health care for over 40 years, first as a registered nurse and now as a registered othomolecular health practitioner.
			from the beginning, nutrition has been an integral part of her practice.
			her passion is life long learning for herself and her clients, believing that knowledge is power and that understanding is key to making enduring life style changes.
			
			she believes that engaging ionc members is essential to the well being of our organization as we work to navigate the current health care environment and make changes that will sustain us for the long term.
							














ionc


the international organization of nutritional consultants (ionc) is the founding registry, established in 1983, to ensure advanced standards of education and practice efficacy for nutritional consultants (rohps, rncps).




info@ionc.org





(519) 304-7002





4 ada avenue, brantford, on, ca






become a member
•member benefits
•member discounts
•member insurance

approved schools
educational standards
scope of practice










				copyright ©2025 ionc
			



privacy













