










home - houston defense attorney

































































































home
contact us
privacy policy
about us
blog
 










get a quote












send now










1111

























defence attorney
we are houston criminal defense attorney

reach us 

























1111
















our features
we work to get our clients the best criminal defense representation they deserve!






24/7 client support
it is a long established fact that we provided 24 hours a day and 7 days a week






criminal charge related cases
beginners to the criminal charge related cases get ever-increasing difficulties. they do not have to face this stressful situation alone.






risk manager
though they get an idea to fight their own in the court, they have to be conscious about loads of complicated and challenging things involved in the criminal case.






certified criminal attorney
they can contact and hire a certified criminal attorney in their region at any time they require the safe and successful method to deal with the criminal case.












1111
















let’s start now
we can give the best facilites for business







an experienced criminal defense lawyer provide the personalized legal service for your case







many people experience quite distress when they come to know they have been charged for a criminal case and you may not guilty.







you have to understand and remember that every person deserves a fair shot at legally defending themselves






personal injury law services
we also partner with many personal injury attorneys to give our clients the representation they need. 

































our team










hyacinth redman
lawyer











avais
advocate











michael harrison
trial lawyer, attorney & counselor











peter janssen
lawyer and solicitor 






























 


















our features
				

don’t forget to check your
website score. it’s free!
			

































latest article





11 nov 2019

                            by: edith newman 
are you going to choose a criminal defense lawyer? then have a look here

0
29
38






















contact us
have questions in mind?  let us help you!




 










name*






email*






message*













































































this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 





























