



s&d kennels




















































s&d kennels - le mars, iowa












home




our dogs




puppies




about the breed




trips-delivery




faq




directions




contact us























































welcome to s&d kennels!we specialize in top quality miniature australian shepherds and aussiedoodle puppies for loving families. we are a small kennel located in the midwest just 1 hourfrom mn, ne and sd border. our dogs love children, other dogs, horses and are well rounded and socialized.




call us: 712-540-9596


























































about us





scott and dena have lived on an acreage near le mars, iowa for 20 years. we specialize in miniature australian shepherds and aussiedoodles. we never considered a second breed because we have been spoiled with the intelligent and smart mini aussies. we love the impressive size of the standard poodles and how smart they are, more like humans than dogs. in addition we love the non shedding factor!



























































puppies





in addition to breeding miniature australian shepherds, we breed aussiedoodles from a purebred akc standard poodle and a asdr miniature australian shepherd. the first cross is called an f1 (50/50) and our opinion produces the best of both breeds. all our puppies are well socialized, healthy and happy along with beautiful low shedding coats. they come with a 1 year health guarantee, microchip is inserted that you register to your name, shot and worming records, bag of science diet puppy, literature on potty training and a puppy toy.



























































our mottowe breed for quality, notquantity.  all our breeding dogsare our pets and hold a specialplace in our hearts forever.












































lots of puppy love!


















































































































































































































































































































































































call us: 712-540-9596























































