




 



james j. burnett - attorney and counselor at law



































  call me: 281.703.9097
                        








 free consultation 







menu

  home  
  about me  
  practice areas  
  do i need a lawyer?  
  getting started 

contact



















 practice overview 





 business litigation 
 trials, appeals, and adr 
 for over thirty years, james burnett has represented business and individuals in state and federal court, and before local, state, and federal administrative and regulatory agencies.  his focus on cost-efficient, innovate case development serves to present your claim or defense in the most effective manner possible. 







 protecting trade secrets 
 guarding your intellectual property 
 your intellectual property deserves protection. james burnett has a long affiliation with technology clients and he can work with you to determine what method (copyright, patent, trademark, etc.) will protect your interests best.  the same applies to the agreements to market and license your technology. 







 cloud computing 
 keeping your interests safe online 
 the cyber-world is a constantly, rapidly changing one.  many attorneys don’t stay current on the developments in this vital business field.  whether you work with iaas, paas, or saas, james burnett can help you advance your enterprise and safeguard your interests. 







 personal legal services 
 attorney and counselor at law 
 though his practice is predominately commercial, it is not exclusively so.  he believes that clients should integrate their legal counsel, not only in their business, but in their personal legal matters as well.  whether you need legal documents for estate planning, for changing family situations, or for other personal matters, james burnett is here to help you. 



 the law office of james j. burnett 

 i have practiced law in the houston, texas area for more than thirty years. i have represented individuals and business entities ranging from small, closely-held companies to large enterprises with national and international operations. i have handled cases throughout texas, in state and federal court, and in federal courts in arizona and california. 





  faq's 


 is there any charge for the initial consultation? 


                                        no. your first consultation is free and you are under no obligation. if you wish to retain me, we will discuss how that works at that time. 
                                    

 will my case be confidential? 


                                        absolutely. the code of professional responsibility mandates that attorney-client communications are confidential. i will protect all confidential information you provide to me to the greatest degree permitted by law.
                                    

 how do you bill? 


                                        i handle most commercial cases on an hourly fee. i bill in increments of one-tenth of an hour. i do not add any “cost-plus” factor to expenses you may incur in your case. in some cases i represent clients on a contingent fee basis. this means my fee is a percentage of the amount i recover. 
                                    







  testimonials 



                            			"testimonials go here."
                            		



                            			"more testimonials."
                            		



                            			"more testimonials."
                            		






  subscribe to the newsletter 

















 when truth & 
  
 justice call 











 law office of james j. burnett 
attorney and counselor at law 

 i have practiced law in the houston, texas area for more than thirty years. i have represented individuals and business entities ranging from small, closely-held companies to large enterprises with national and international operations. i have handled cases throughout texas, in state and federal court, and in federal courts in arizona and california. 





contact details

 phone:  281.703.9097 
 fax:  281.340.2005 
 email:  jburnett@jamesburnett.com 
14090 southwest freeway, suite 300, sugar land, tx 77478





 overview 

  about me  
  testimonials  
  our policies  









james j. burnett © all rights reserved | not certified by the texas board of legal specialization 

 sitemap 
 privacy policy 
  terms & conditions 
 disclaimer 









  







































