




frank viola | beyond evangelical




























































   

































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footerfrank viola | beyond evangelicalofficial blog of author & speaker frank viola. digging below the surface and moving beyond the shallows in today's christianity.menucontact
books
samples
podcasts
articles
courses
speaking
youtube
faq
about


there really is more to the christian faith












join my thursday unfiltered email list and get two books and an audio seminar free.

sign me up


join an uncommon tribe of readers who know in their bones that there has to be more. the insurgence has begun, don’t miss it!


hey. i’m frank
i’m the wall street journal (wsj) and christian book association (cba) bestselling author of insurgence: reclaiming the gospel of the kingdom, from eternity to here, and 48 laws of spiritual power. i write about radical discipleship and give practical advice on the common struggles that we christians face today.
my work has been described as provocative, iconoclastic, uncovering “the hidden obvious.” some people think i need a brain transplant. others say i saved their spiritual lives. you can check out my blog articles, podcasts, and books — then decide for yourself.

read my articles
hear my podcasts
view my books





latest articles
an overlooked device of the enemy
dreams in dissolution and time lost
stunning wisdom in the age of the internet
discipline, consistency, and impact: part 3
who is ruling the world, really?
what the book of revelation really says (excerpt from the new book)


popular courses





living by the indwelling life of christ
10 sessions







scribe training for authors
11 sessions







surviving your storm
34 sessions









frank’s unfiltered thursday articles can change your life.
just click the button and sign up. it’s free and you’ll receive two books and an audio seminar as a “thank you.” welcome to the deeper journey!

sign me up










frank viola
frank is a bestselling author, speaker, podcaster, and blogger. he helps serious followers of jesus know their lord more deeply so they can experience real transformation and make a lasting impact. his blog – frankviola.org – is regularly ranked in the top 5 of all christian blogs on the web and his podcast – christ is all – has ranked #1 in canada and #2 in the usa on apple podcasts. he and his conversation partners also host the insurgence podcast. frank’s books have sold over 600,000 copies and they’ve been translated into many languages.

learn more about frank



bookspodcastsarticlescoursesspeakingfaq

privacy policy
terms and conditions

copyright © 2025 · frank viola · designed by stormhill media





 


















privacy policy - terms and conditions

