




thealmightyguru.com















navigation


artwork
ask a guru
atheism
blasphemer's bible
boffer guide
books
film
flags
games
game fonts
game music
halloween
humor
knowledge
music
pointless
publications
quizzes
rom detectives
secular music
the guru
wiki
writing
links
old news
contact


 






what a minute... hold on! there are ghosts... and goblins?!

feeling:  okay
2024-02-14


new video game fonts include dig dug, ghosts 'n goblins, and inferno for arcade, dragon warrior for the nes, and ultima: 
		runes of virtue for game boy. also, with there now being 1,000 files in the archive, i've decided to split out the fonts by platform.

russia is trying to cause another nuclear meltdown at the chernobyl power plant.
trump continues pushing his ethnic cleansing of gaza and invasion of allied nations.
17 republican states are suing the federal government because they want to be able to go back to the good old days when they could discriminate against 
		disabled students.
florida republicans to decide to cripple their own state's workforce while also greatly increasing their incarcerated 
		population. good luck with that!
because republicans are trying to bring about the handmaid's tale, they made it legal for republican states to extradite doctors who provide abortion even when it's legal where they live. louisiana republicans are 
		demanding new york hand over one of their doctors to be imprisoned in louisiana because they provided abortion pills, which is legal in new york. thankfully, new york governor kathy hochul 
		is refusing.
in his effort to replace the christian god with himself, trump signed a statue of a goat covered in fake $100 trump bucks, each has written on them 
		"in trump we trust."
trump appointed himself the chairman of the john f kennedy center for the performing arts by firing everyone and appointing his own 
		board of loyalists, i guess the president of the usa has tons of free time to be making decisions about stage plays. this has caused a lot of the existing talent to resign in disgust, and now many of planned shows 
		are canceling their appearances.
jack posobiec is a white supremacist who, in addition to saying he would "completely overthrow us democracy," creates republican propaganda professionally. he's just been invited to join pete hegseth, unqualified 
		head of the pentagon, on an overseas trip. maybe he'll get a 
		military fort named after him?
the stonewall inn is a famous gay bar where the lgbt liberation movement turned violent against government oppressors. it has since become a national landmark, but, because of that, it's under government control, so 
		trump is stripping away any mention of transgender people.
with rfk jr in charge, expect there to be a war on fluoride, so it will do you good to know the facts before the propaganda hits.
the various strains of bird flu still aren't doing much damage to people, so we don't yet have to be worried about it, but trump is firing everyone who 
		monitors and researches it, so...

it's fantastic that the protein folding problem may have be largely solved, but the usa won't be putting any money toward researching the results, so we'll 
		have to rely on civilized nations to apply this to medicine.


you guys know any lamassu?

feeling:  okay
2024-02-13


i beat axiom verge 2.
girls had another snow day, and they have tomorrow and monday off! five-day weekends make me miss being a kid! all i get to do is shovel the driveway for the third time in 18 hours.

many political pundits are saying the usa is facing constitutional crisis because of the the trump administration, and, shockingly, the trump administration agrees! except, not so shockingly, they are saying the 
		crisis is because the judicial branch is standing in the way of them violating the constitution.
tesla has been doing poorly because of elon musk's poor leadership and highly controversial actions, but his nazi salute at a trump rally really set the company floundering. rather than have private companies compete 
		for a government contract, trump ordered the us state department to buy $400,000,000 worth of tesla 
		vehicles as a personal favor to keep musk company from failing, all paid for by us taxpayers.
there was never any doubt, but it's still surreal to even imagine. rfk jr, the man who doesn't believe in science, medicine, or even the germ theory of disease, is now running the 
		department of health and human services. you may not even be able to obtain medicine for the next four years, so, i hope you're 
		stocked up. we're already seeing outbreaks of measles so bad children have to be hospitalized, and it's only going to get worse.
trump's pick to run the department of education, linda mcmahon (former executive of world wrestling entertainment) said she wasn't sure if she would let schools teach black history, and might 
		make it illegal.
missouri republicans are suing star bucks for not hiring enough white men.
the republican law which they claim it to prevent voter fraud (there is almost none, but the majority that does exist is committed by republicans) is going to make it harder to vote for the women who changed their 
		last name after they got married.
when you let a nation commit genocide, even when they have eradicated the group they hate, they won't stop, they'll just increase the scope of who they hate, and 
		expand their genocide.
even churches are now realizing they're not safe from trump and his administration is now being used by 27 religious 
		organizations.
despite devolving into obscurity with trump's latest selection of clowns, republican ted cruz reminds us that's he's still a complete moron by claiming that solar eclipses are a part of scientist's 
		woke agenda.

when priests aren't raping children they're torturing pets.


do you ever watch kung fu?

feeling:  okay
2024-02-12


i've vectorized the logo on the nes usa box of jackie chan's action kung fu.
new video game fonts include chip 'n dale: rescue rangers 2, marble madness, and where's waldo for the nes, poolshark for 
		arcade, and bank panic for the sega sg-1000.
why are they naming a winter storm after my daughter?

part of an ethnic cleansing is permanently removing people from their homeland, and trump has made is crystal clear that's what he intends to do 
		with palestine.
the biden administration successfully decreased the rampant unemployment and inflation caused by trump. but, with trump back at the helm for only a month, inflation is 
		already increasing.
by cutting funding to the nih, trump has caused serious long term damage to all science research in the usa, and that could dethrone us as the world leader.
trump is blocking reporters from official white house events because they won't refer to the gulf of mexico by the stupid name 
		he wants to call it.
fully incompetent pete hegseth visited a military base only to be booed and watch the crowd 
		walk out in protest. more of this please.
under trump, the usa has gotten worse in the corruption perceptions index, falling four points to 65 
		out of 100. this puts us below the united arab emirates, but above lithuania. are we great yet?
in yet another example of republicans are just not taking leadership seriously, republican buddy carter has introduced a bill to rename greenland to 
		red, white, and blueland. this is the sort of thing the onion would come up with.
it would be nice if democrats stopped trying to make everyone happy, and just did what's right.

in honor of darwin day.
two children froze to death in a detroit parking lot even though the mother called the city's homeless response team 
		three times.
looking at the uniqueness of fingerprints.


love being a girl-dad

feeling:  okay
2024-02-11


i've added a page for cpus.
new video game fonts include the bios and marble madness for the master system, felix the cat and kickle cubicle for the 
		nes, and 005 for arcade.
while republicans in the usa are trying to block it, happy international day of women & girls in science! i'll keep raising my girls to be curious about learning, 
		especially the stem fields.

it doesn't surprise me that trump is calling for an ethnic cleansing.
self-proclaimed "law and order" republicans keep breaking the law, then refuse to follow a judge's 
		order.
after years of saying they would never do it, google is now using it's ai technology for weapons and surveillance.
republican bill cassidy said the us actually has a very low number of women who die while giving birth... if you 
		exclude black women.
elon musk appointed big balls as the senior adviser at both the state department and the department of homeland security. gee, having my homeland controlled by a 19-year-old boy named big balls doesn't make me 
		feel secure. neither does having musk in charge of anything.
so much for the free press. trump is now demanding $20,000,000,000 from cbs claiming, without evidence, that cbs did an interview with kamala harris and made her answers to questions 
		sound too good.
wouldn't it be great if politicians actually stood up to trump?
republican turned democrat eric adams is the mayor of new york who has been indicted in a series of bribery, fraud, and corruption charges, but trump has ordered his justice department to tell new york to drop all 
		the charges. why? because adams is anti-immigration, and, while trump doesn't really care about political parties, he certainly 
		hates migrants.
proud to live in one of the states suing trump over his destruction of the national institutes of health 
		and the department of health and human services. i just wish there were more lawsuits against him, because nearly everything he's doing is illegal.
how hollywood is lying to you about renewable energy.
kid rock threw a tantrum on stage when not enough people in the crowd clapped along to him singing a cover song. he yelled at the crowd, stopped the song, and ran off stage like 
		a spoiled brat.

can you make a death cult around the concept of rationality?


my babies keep me sane

feeling:  okay
2024-02-10


over the weekend, i took my girls to the sloan museum for their 2thextreme exhibit.
new video game fonts include ultima i and ultima iv: the quest of the avatar for commodore 64, tetris plus for arcade, 
		bubble bobble for the nes, and bomb jack for the sega sg-1000.

trump says he is committed to committing war crime by displacing gazan refugees in order to buy 
		and own their homeland. maybe they can colonize mar-a-lago?
elon musk hired a bunch of very young men to operate the unofficial department of government efficiency giving them access to all the personal information of every american. it didn't take long 
		before the identity of these men was brought to light. one of them is edward coristine, who just graduated high school, and goes by the name 
		"big balls." another is marko elez, who had to quit after it turned out he is a white supremacist who posted online things like, "i was 
		racist before it was cool," "you could not pay me to marry outside of my ethnicity," "normalize indian hate," and "i would not mind at all if gaza and israel were both wiped off the 
		face of the earth." this is not the work of someone who is serious about running the usa, and, thankfully, a judge has 
		temporarily blocked doge from accessing sensitive us treasury records.
yes, ice is arresting and deporting people who have a legal right to be in the usa.
trump was duped by an online conspiracy theory which led him to cancel government subscriptions to legitimate news organizations. the result will be, federal workers won't have as much access to necessary information 
		with which to do their jobs.
after russian invaded ukraine in an attempt to genocide the region, the biden administration, while it didn't directly attack russia, began hitting them in several indirect ways. they gave defensive military weapons 
		to ukraine, issued sanctions against russia, and froze the international assets of several russian oligarchs and opened investigations on them. however, trump has always been beholden to russia. in addition to trying to 
		pull promised military funding from ukraine (which got him impeached), trump is now ending the investigations on all the 
		russian oligarchs.
further emboldened by trump, american white power terrorists in ohio held a nazi rally in lincoln heights, a city with prominent black population. the nazis threatened the locals with guns and shouted racial slurs at 
		them, and they were protected the whole time by a police escort. however, when a large group of ohio citizens arrived to confront them, the nazis fled in fear because they're cowards. the police tried to protect the 
		nazis as best they could, but ultimately their swastika flags were stolen and burned. another group of nazis showed up in 
		howell, michigan.
trump ordered his lawyers to lie for him so he could keep top secret documents he stole from the white house, but, sure, revoke 
		biden's security clearance.
the consumer financial protection bureau exists to ensure for-profit corporations don't use predatory tactics to trick us citizens into loans which will keep them in debt for the rest of their lives. trump, who 
		profits off people remaining in perpetual debt, and whose campaign was financed by similar people, just 
		shut it down.
i'm happy to see the workers unions involved in trump's defending on the us government are suing him. it's particularly 
		important to continue funding usaid which was feeding staring people.
trump has always thought of himself, not as a leader, but as an actor. despite his inability to act or even understand why people treat acting as an art, he is firing the board members of the john f. kennedy center 
		for the performing arts and appointing himself as the chairman. his goal, like the u.s.s.r. before him, is to eliminate any plays, musicals, or other stage performances that show minorities in a positive light, or 
		challenge his autocracy.
under biden, the us department of agriculture offered grants to farmers to invest in their farms. while the farmers had to pay for these investments upfront with their own money, they would be paid back by the 
		usda over the next few years. however, farmers became fearful of accepting these grants because, while campaigning, trump said he was going to make massive cuts to all areas of the us government, but trump reassured them 
		saying his cuts wouldn't affect individual farmers. so, a lot of farmers put themselves into debt under the promise their investments would be paid back in grant money. as anyone who is paying attention could have 
		predicted, trump lied to them and ordered the usda to stop paying out grant money, and now these farmers might have their farms repossessed.
trump made it crystal clear during his campaign ramblings, and in his previous term, he will deport anyone he can if they look brown. and yet, a lot of central and south american immigrants still backed him, telling 
		themselves, surely he means all the other immigrants, not those like me who have tps protection. no, he 
		meant you too. when people bare their racism to you, believe them.
how to fight against rfk jr's anti-science grift.
yes, republicans plan on cutting medicaid.
yes, trump was lying about reducing the cost of groceries.
trump rolled back another initiative to reduce plastic pollution.
in order to comply with trump's executive order against diversity, the fbi painted over a wall which listed its core values including words like 
		"leadership," "compassion," and "fairness."
north dakota republicans are trying to pass a law saying the usa has a king.
my only post about the super bowl is that the nfl, in order to endear themselves to trump, removed the phrase "end racism" 
		from the super bowl field, and that is particularly fitting.

how far can you zoom in when it comes to magnification?


video games help keep me sane

feeling:  okay
2024-02-07


i vecorized the logo used on the epyx release of the original rogue.
new video game fonts include bad dudes and three fonts for lemmings for the nes, ultra tank for arcade, and submarine attack 
		for master system.

trump is dragging the usa further into israel's genocide and urging the usa to commit war crimes
in the process.
in 2018, trump's speech writer, darren beattie, was caught speaking at a white nationalist rally, so trump reluctantly fired him. in 2019, beattie was 
		hired as an advisor for disgraced child-sex-trafficker matt gaetz. in 2020, despite his racist ties, trump appointed beattie to 
		head the u.s. commission for the preservation of america's heritage abroad, a major part of the job is protecting jewish-american heritage, which resulted in condemnation 
		from american jews. in 2025, trump appointed him to the 
		state department, and, while serving as the under secretary for public diplomacy and 
		public affairs, he posted online, "competent white men must be in charge if you want things to work," and "130+ iq white males under the age of 20 is pretty much the 
		only demographic that matters."
linda fagan is a four-star admiral and the first female commandant of the us coast guard. unwilling to see women in positions of power, trump not only fired her, but gave her only three hours to before she was 
		evicted from her home.
it still amazes me how trump can fail at literally everything he said he'd do, but his supporters still think he succeeded.
michigan patriots gathered around the state capitol to peacefully protest trump's unconstitutional and unethical acts. republican matt maddock couldn't help himself from trying to crash the protest by entering the 
		crowd while recording with his phone, hoping to get some footage to use against them. 
		he didn't.
to see just how ridiculous gun control laws are in the usa, terry sutherland applied for a license to carry a concealed hand gun was granted one. just one problem... 
		he's 
		blind.
the irs had a way for individuals to easily file their federal taxes online for free. elon musk said he just eliminated the entire system. why would he 
		do this? because tax filing companies like h&r block and quicken hated the irs program because it made it much harder to profit off of people who didn't know how to file their taxes. no doubt, there is some money being 
		exchanged over this.
a tennessee republican women's group was caught promoting hitler in their newsletter. though they didn't include and specific book written by hitler, just after quoting 
		proverbs 22:6, which talks about the importance of training young children to coerce them into following a parent's views rather than figuring out their own, the 
		republicans describe hitler as an "intelligent leader" for likewise training children at a young age. either 
		they didn't see the corollary between their holy book and hitler, or they definitely saw it. either way, even if this were an stupid accident, it's probably not best to describe hitler as an "intelligent leader."
the uk government is demanding apple decrypt all of their user's private cloud data so the government can view it at their leisure.

another catholic priest is in jail for assaulting a 13-year-old girl, though, 
		perhaps in a first, not sexually.
understanding what is inside a manhole.


vidja games

feeling:  okay
2024-02-06


new video game fonts include castlevania and double dragon for the nes, frogger for arcade, bad dudes vs. dragonninja for 
		commodore 64, and mountain king for atari 5200.

trump says he might use the us military to forcibly remove palestinians from their homeland so that the usa and israel can annex their land. this is not just highly immoral, it's also a violation of international law 
		and a war crime.
trump said, "if [i] had the legal right to do it," he would send us citizens to foreign countries where their human rights would probably be violated, 
		"in a heartbeat," rather than allow incarcerated americans to stay in the country. that pesky constitution foils his plans 
		again.
trump continues to weaponize the us government to destroy law makers and law enforcement agencies that aren't 100% loyal to him.
trump is going to sign an executive order to offer special protections to the nation's largest and most deeply entrenched religion, which just so happens to be the one he says he follows, 
		christianity.
republicans sent marco rubio to panama to threaten them into surrendering one of the most valuable parts of their country to the usa, but they somehow forgot how just how unintimidating rubio is, so panama wasn't 
		frightened at all. in order to save face, republicans at the us state department started claiming that panama would no longer be charging us ships tolls to pass through the panama canal, to which president josé raúl 
		mulino said us ships would still be charged tolls, and the republican claims were "based on lies and 
		falsehoods." a succinct description of republicans.
amazon-owned whole foods is trying to nullify a newly-formed workers union because trump has dismantled the 
		national labor relations board.
fueled by trump's racism, a driver for rorher bus put up a sign on their bus which read, "no speaking spanish on this bus!" rorher bus issued a statement saying they have 
		suspended the racist driver. he must have watched this training video 
		on how to eliminate dei.

is fire so conductive you can get shocked though it?


still ready to be done

feeling:  okay
2024-02-05


i've vectorized the logo used on the home computer releases of the video game shanghai.
new video game fonts include the bugs bunny crazy castle and super jeopardy! for nes, space tactics for arcade, kid icarus: 
		of myths and monsters for game boy, jackie chan's action kung fu for turbografx-16, and sega-galaga for sega sg-1000. and, with that, my video game font collection has reached 300 fonts!

trump is helping israel finish their genocide in gaza by saying the palestinian survivors should be 
		permanently removed from their homeland so that the usa and israel can takeover their 
		land. and, if they won't, the usa might send in the military to forcibly kick them out. then, the trumps can develop 
		the land to become even richer. other major nation's are denouncing 
		trump's genocide, but that many not be enough.
the fbi has handed over information about those people who investigated trump's crimes on january 6th. trump has vowed to punish all these people for daring to stop his failed criminal attempt to overthrow the 
		country, and now, with a weaponized fbi, he'll be able to do so.
trump's executive orders have banned federal agencies from celebrating black history month, women's 
		history month, mlk jr day, and observing holocaust 
		remembrance day.
it's pretty rich for republicans to claim they want a meritocracy when everyone trump hired is a family member, mega donor, or just some rando he saw on tv.
maybe we shouldn't be letting a handful of teenage hackers gain control of every cent the usa has?
trump caved on his tariff wars and put a hold on those for mexico and canada all the while claiming victory, but only succeeding in 
		destabilizing the usa.
trump said whoever made the previous trade deals with mexico and canada was a terrible negotiator! and, who was that stupid president? oh yeah, 
		himself.
trump once again severed ties with the united nations human rights council, an organization which promotes basic human rights 
		for all people.
trump's personal lawyer pam bondi has been approved by republicans to be the next attorney general.
another one of the january 6th insurrectionists trump pardoned in back in jail, this time for rape.
trump's hatred of refugees and love of deporting hard honest workers has led to a rash of criminals impersonating 
		ice officers.
a web site has popped up calling itself the dei watch list. it lists a bunch of federal workers, mostly black people, who it identifies as 
		"targets."
one nice thing about the usa's decent in fascism, it's causing other nations to steel themselves. greenland, for example, is passing a law to ban foreign political donations in order to prevent us oligarchs from 
		buying political influence.
after the white folks at myers park baptist church began feeling uncomfortable because preacher ben boswell wouldn't shut up about refugees and queer people being abused, they stopped coming, so the church 
		fired boswell.

zip codes are far more complex than you realize.
how internet enshittification continues unabated.


ready to be done

feeling:  okay
2024-02-04


i beat the game sheepy: a short adventure.
new video game fonts include boxer and cutie q for arcade, guerrilla war and jackie chan's action kung fu for nes, bubble 
		bobble for apple ii, and pachinko ii for sega sg-1000.

trump is planing to dismantle the department of education. so much for public schools.
when you start a tariff war with several nations at the same time, they each see a small increase in the cost of imported goods, but you end up seeing a large increase because they're all targeting you. this is why 
		trump's plan is so unwise, and why costs for a vast assortment of goods are going to reach record highs. the tariffs have been paused for mexico and canada, but china has already instituted a 
		15% increase.
trump has cut funding to any research projects in the national science foundation which were learning about clean energy, human gender, helping anyone who isn't american, or the importance of 
		racial diversity.
despite his claims to the contrary, trump actually had a diversity program during his first term. but, now that he's changed his mind and says diversity is the enemy for his second term, he is punishing anyone who 
		attended the diversity training courses he endorsed in his first term.
chris wright, the ceo of a fracking company, has been confirmed to run the department of energy. 
		might as was have put an arsonist in charge of the fire department.
it's tragic that once respected news journals have been purchased by rich cranks who are turning them into propaganda machines, but in addition to the washington post, if you own a subscription to the la times, you 
		may want to reconsider who you give your money to.
republicans, realizing that their states' law enforcement can't possibly accomplish trump's horribly misguided plan to round up and deport all the migrant workers, are turning to unregulated 
		bounty hunters. we don't need their scum.
a conservative student group is suing the university of california saying black and hispanic students are given an unfair advantage in admissions, while white and asian students are being 
		discriminated against. 
		however, if you look at the schools demographics, black and hispanic students make up 31% of the student body, while white and asians 
		make up 57%!
as google becomes more evil and buddies up with trump, also consider using alternatives to their maps.

a nice time line of us history.
how do fish show up in isolated lakes? poop!


over it

feeling:  okay
2024-02-03


i finished reading tuck everlasting.
new video game fonts include bubble bobble, castlevania: the adventure, and mega man: dr. wily's revenge for game boy, n-sub 
		and starship 1 for arcade, and mike tyson's punch-out!! for nes.

trump's last tariff war was a massive failure which cost americans an estimated $230,000,000,000 and didn't increase us 
		manufacturing jobs (they actually decreased slightly). despite his failure, trump is doing it again, this time with even 
		higher tariffs than before, and the tariffed countries are, as predicted, responding with 
		their own tariffs on us exports, so costs are expected to go up even more, particularly the price of 
		automobiles, food, and gas. luckily, nobody in america needs those things. so, with all his claims about bringing down 
		prices being his number one priority, trump is now admitting his second even bigger tariff war will 
		cause americans "pain."
elon musk hired teenagers to take over several federal agencies including the us treasury, the office of personnel management, and the general services administration. senior managers are being locked out, and musk's 
		very young tech bros, one who just graduated and goes by the online name "big balls" are now in charge.
israel is blowing up buildings in gaza and anyone who stands in their way to clear it out so 
		they can annex the land.
he may have claimed he had nothing to do with the christian nationalist project 2025, but his cabinet is largely made up of the project's authors, and many of his executive orders were first laid out in 
		project 2025.
nazis and klansmen feel emboldened by trump and are preparing to increase their acts of terrorism.
trump continues to illegally fire watch dogs, which would normally be stopped by the supreme court, but, considering that the republican 
		justices subscribe to "unitary executive theory", which gives the president sole authority over the entire executive branch without any internal checks 
		or balances, don't look to them for help.
trump blaming plane crashes with 67 fatalities on disabled people is beyond the pale.
with the full weight of the federal government behind him, elon musk is now weaponizing it to sue every company which stopped paying him to advertise on his nazi web site. this is the new republican party. despite 
		all their claims of being in favor of private businesses being allowed to make their own decisions, they're attacking private businesses for making 
		their own decisions.
in order to make it look like he's doing something about the california wildfires, trump demanded the draining of two reservoirs. locals say a lack of proper leadership 
		almost flooded homes, and experts say this expensive decision will 
		not affect the fires, and will potentially prevent farmers from having enough water in the spring. despite everyone once 
		again telling him he messed up and only made things worse, trump is calling it a 
		victory.
trump has weaponized the fcc to help him win lawsuits in his goal to shut down 
		the free press.
while republicans are offering federal employees eight months of of guaranteed pay if they resign now rather than be fired later, the department of justice isn't committing to actually doing so. because of this, 
		federal workers may resign and then trump will renege and simply stop paying them. considering how trump 
		has dealt with workers in the past, i would certainly expect him to cut them loose!
rfk jr won't stop lying about his anti-science past and intends to cash in on his position of authority, but republicans will 
		still confirm him.
trump is not a serious person and keeps making knee-jerk decisions which cause a lot of damage to a lot of americans, and he just can't 
		stop lying, and it's hurting our nation.
with almost no warning, trump has cut off foreign aid which is causing repercussions all around the world, particularly in nations the usa has 
		previously destabilized. in the near future, expect it to be even worse as elon musk is permanently shutting down the 
		u.s. agency for international development.
the federal government's web pages describing the rights the lgbt people (they exist by the way), the 2020 census results, and the cdc's sites about sexually 
		transmitted infections are all still offline.
mariann edgar budde, the preacher who begged trump to have mercy on vulnerable people, is now receiving death threats from his followers.
the comic strip doonesbury published a cartoon which calls out as being a rapist, because he was described as such in the lawsuit he lost. newspapers are 
		refusing to print it.

there is a great benefit to super glue sticking to your skin.
making some silly predictions for 2025.


you can't play the victim this time

feeling:  okay
2024-01-31


i vectorized the original simant logo, and the 
		usa and 
		european logos for the guardian legend.
new video game fonts include donkey kong, space walk, and star raker for arcade, pinball: revenge of the 'gator for game 
		boy, galaxian for colecovision, and congo bongo for the sega sg-1000.

belize, bolivia, chile, colombia, honduras, malaysia, namibia, senegal, and south africa met in the hague to discuss israel's genocide in palestine to the 
		international criminal court. hopefully, they will 
		encourage other nations put further pressures on israel and the usa to make them stop murdering children, doctors, and reporters.
in their quest to cut the us government to the bone, the head of the faa was ordered to resign or be fired, 
		so he quit. then, trump placed a hiring freeze on all federal workers, including 
		air traffic controllers which wasn't a wise decision because 
		they were already understaffed. then, trump disbanded the 
		aviation security advisory committee, but the white house still issued a press 
		release congratulating trump on restoring 
		safety and excellence in the 
		faa. a few days later, there was a mid-flight collision between a passenger plane and a military helicopter which killed everyone on board both air crafts, all 67 people. this was the first large scale plane crash in 
		the usa in 15 years. rather than admit his meddling may have affected the quality of air traffic control, trump 
		blamed dei and said obama allowed the faa to hire air traffic controllers who could barely see or hear, were completely paralyzed, and had severe intellectual and 
		psychiatric disabilities. obviously, that never happened as dei programs don't allow hiring people for jobs they 
		can't physically do, and the particular diversity program trump was condemning was actually put in 
		place under his administration! and, while republicans may want to blame the crash on diversity, all of the pilots 
		were white men. when later asked if he would visit the site of the tragedy, trump cracked a joke and 
		asked, "you want me to go swimming?"
fighting trump's terrible ideas does work, you just have to fight hard enough.
rfk jr's confirmation hearing is an absolute shit show.
trump has prematurely ended the temporary protected status of venezuelan refugees and the puppy murderer who now heads the department of homeland security racistly described them as "dirtbags."
after trump was elected, many companies like walmart, mcdonald's, and facebook said they would stop trying to hire people of color, women, and people who are disabled. only a few companies said they would continue to 
		make sure their workforce was well-represented from the various people in their neighborhoods, one is costco. now, in 19 republican states, costco is being sued by republicans who want costco to stop trying to maintain 
		diversity in their work force and only hire white man qualified people. there is a costco being built 
		near my house, and, you can bet, when they open, i'll be shopping there.
npr and pbs are both often ranked as being very centrist compared to other news organizations, never skewing very far right or left in their reporting. ad fontes lists the politics of both outlets as 
		almost dead center. so, why is brendan carr, the republican head of the fcc, investigating them in an attempt to 
		pull their funding? probably because sesame street makes fun of trump.
republicans are trying to introduce a constitutional amendment to allow trump to run for a third term. once again, 
		republicans admit they prefer kings.
a preacher decided to use elon musk's nazi salute and it didn't go well for him.
michigan governor gretchen whitmer was on late night.
most social media companies are run by greedy monsters, and using them probably make us angry, but trying to get people to delete their accounts 
		is hard work.
who is it the richest man in the world can also be a deadbeat?

the last of the critiques of ayaan hirsi ali's sad interview, parts six, seven, and 
		eight.


is it 2028 yet?

feeling:  okay
2024-01-30


i've updated my trump complaints page with a list of several people trump pardoned and their prior and subsequent 
		crimes so we can see they type of people trump thinks need to be set free.
i vectorized the logo on the atari 5200 cover of pitfall!
new video game fonts include the bios of the othello multivision, bubble bobble and seawolf ii for arcade, blaster master 
		for the nes, artillery duel for colecovision, and monaco gp for the sega sg-1000.

trump says he will send immigrants to america's torture center: guantanamo bay. can someone please explain to the baby in chief 
		why an undocumented worker doesn't need to be detained in an extremely expensive maximum security military prison specifically built in cuba by republicans so they could torture inmates without having to 
		abide by the geneva conventions?
as a continuing part of trump's retribution, pete hegseth, the fox weekend co-host who now runs the pentagon, has stripped general mark milley of his security clearance and opened an investigation against him to 
		demote him even though he's retired. why? because milley, like all sane people, doesn't like trump.
trump fired almost 400 employees at the us agency for international development, an organization 
		which exists to help other nations in their time of need.
in a further attempt to eliminate public schools, republicans are encouraging the department of education to push harder on 
		for-profit charter schools.
while trump is being openly bigoted against the lgbt, michigan democrats are 
		protecting them.
people married to undocumented immigrants still supported trump even though he openly and frequently said he would deport undocumented immigrants. now they're 
		losing their spouses, and they 
		can't believe it.
trump said he would bring down the costs of eggs. they're now 
		20% more expensive.
expect another one of trump's racist travel bans.
channeling his inner-scrooge, republican rich mccormick asks, instead of giving children free lunches, why can't we forced them to 
		work for mcdonald's?
how republicans are trying to dismiss elon musk's nazi salute.
as google caves to trump, it's important to consider your alternatives. i switched to duck duck go months ago because 
		google's search engine was mostly ads and ai garbage.

i'm sure he was only trying to share his testimony, but christian preacher john f. fiedler has resigned from his megachurch after he was arrested for 
		soliciting a prostitute.
mary e. wilkins freeman's short story about first wave feminism, the revolt of mother, was adapted into a 45-minute film.


i hope you have a lot of nice things to wear, but then a lot of nice things turn bad out there

feeling:  okay
2024-01-29


i vectorized the logo on the atari 8-bit/5200 cover of river raid.
new video game fonts include the famicom disk system bios, guided missile and gypsy juggler for arcade, solar striker for 
		game boy, altered beast for master system, and win, lose or draw for the apple ii.

trump has frozen the accounts of various government organizations including medicaid in 20 states, so their payment systems
		stopped working. this disrupted the health care of millions of americans. and, since the group frequently helps refugees, trump 
		also cut funding to the center for victims of 
		torture. thankfully, a judge has temporarily blocked trump's spending freeze, but it's only lasts for five more days. expect 
		major sections of the us government to cease operation after that, and those which can remain in operation will be doing so woefully understaffed as trump is telling federal workers they either have to 
		resign now or be fired later. all of this is to completely restructure to federal 
		government to allow trump to do whatever he wants, while the younger tech-bros are willing to play along provided they can parasitize 
		along with him.
because he's appointed himself the nation's doctor as well, trump has signed an executive order that will cancel federal funding to all medical institutions which perform gender-reaffirming care 
		on teens. on that topic, republicans have created websites allowing people to snitch on 
		hospitals who are providing gender-affirming care, but missouri had to shut theirs down because people kept submitting the script of 
		bee movie. make it a point to obstruct 
		republican snitching.
trump keeps doing a lot of really awful things, and, while some of them have been illegal and halted by judges, a lot of them are within the power of the 
		president, which is why we need to be asking ourselves, should we allow politicians to have this much power?
caroline kennedy has published an open letter exposing rfk jr. as an unqualified predator who is addicted to 
		power, and, despite years of publicly condemning vaccines as unsafe, he made sure that own children were 
		fully vaccinated.
trump accepted a huge amount of money from fossil fuel companies, so he's paying them back in kind by letting them pollute as much 
		as they want. and on the topic of blatant corruption, congressional republicans are preparing for a very expensive retreat at one 
		of trump's properties to ensure our tax dollars go directly into his pockets.
trump is firing people who enforce human rights in the workplace... but only if they're 
		democrats.
andrew taake, one of the insurrectionists who injured police, but was still pardoned by trump, will probably be going back to jail for trying to 
		have sex with a minor. and 
		matthew huttle, another pardoned insurrectionist, got into a fight with law enforcement and was shot to 
		death.
what is with republicans and their daddy fetish?
republican tulsi gabbard grew up in a cult, and it has certainly affected her ability to make decisions.
it may just be a community college in flint, michigan, but that doesn't excuse trustee janet couch from 
		making racist comments about black people.

a group of 14 christians have all been found guilty of manslaughter after they purposely withheld insulin from 8-year-old elizabeth struhs and instead choose to pray to cure her diabetes. when elizabeth died, she 
		weighed only 29 pounds.
a look at nintendo's various canceled 32-bit consoles and add-ons.


now i see what i am is holding me down... i'll turn it around

feeling:  okay
2024-01-28


new video game fonts include extra inning and orbit for arcade, ikari warriors for nes, pac-man for game boy, defender for 
		colecovision, and elite for apple ii.

the man trump has put in charge of culling the us government, nazi saluting elon musk, gave a talk for germany's 
		dangerous far-right party and urged them to stop feeling guilty over their nation's past.
trump's "justice" department is firing everyone linked to the trump investigation.
proving once again that they are the party of debt, republicans are already bankrupting the government with trump's ridiculous ideas and demanding a increase in the debt ceiling. republican chip roy, though an open 
		bigot and war monger, at least wants to remain fiscally solvent, and is refusing to let trump rack up such huge debt. but trump bankrupts almost everything he touches, and has never cared about who he's left in the wake, 
		so he's calling for roy to be replaced in the primary.
transgender, non-binary, and intersex americans have had their passports invalidated and have been barred from leaving or entering 
		the usa. trump is also banning them from 
		the military.
taylor james johnatakis helped orchestrate an attack on police on january 6th to break into the us capitol. after several cops were incapacitated, and the gates breached, he discovered congress had already fled, and 
		recorded himself saying, if they would have found any politicians who opposed trump, "we probably would have murdered a few of them." trump pardoned him.
because trump's only source of information is bad television, his new cabinet is going to be made up of at least 19 fox talking 
		heads!
the usa is seeing its largest tuberculosis outbreak in its 
		history at a time when trump is preventing health organizations from speaking to the public, or even 
		to each other.
trump's new anti-brown people law is giving law enforcement the right to arrest people even if it means breaking into 
		churches. and, as expected, racist groups like the daily wire are defending the deportations because they're also defending the 
		trail of tears and operation wetback!
republican susan collins claims to not understand why trump would fire all the watchdogs that exist to prevent the government from 
		committing crimes.
trump, and his ignorant fans will never cease to be an embarrassment.
in an effort to kiss the ring, google is renaming the gulf of mexico for trump's hair-brained idea.
how republicans are manipulating young men into staying christian.
there are a lot of posts online saying trump's executive order, because it defined future based on a person's sex at conception, has technically made everyone 
		female since it is the default sex, but, in actuality, our sex at time of conception is undifferentiated, so it would be more accurate to say trump has made everyone neuter. the real sneaky part was describing 
		personhood at conception, which also makes the executive order anti-abortion.

how engineers are making robot insects.


i'll try not to feel satisfied / i'll try and do what healthy people do

feeling:  okay
2024-01-27


on sunday, i finished reading the last unicorn. i've also vectorized the logo of the atari 5200 port of 
		vanguard.
new video game fonts include double play, road runner, and tornado baseball for the arcade, mega man ii for game boy, and 
		nova blast for colecovision.

after supporting israel's genocide of gaza, trump now says he wants to push the surviving palestinians out into jordan and egypt so that israel may 
		"clean out gaza."
guy reffitt was one of the insurrectionists who after failing to topple democracy. after he returned home, he told his family he would murder them if they turned him in. they turned him in anyway, trusting the us 
		justice system to keep them safe. trump pardoned him, and now he's out, and they're terrified. head of the us-based terrorist organization oath 
		keepers, stewart rhodes, was not only pardoned, but given a front row seat 
		at a trump rally. also, another person is refusing trump's 
		pardon saying they deserved to be punished for their role in trying to overthrow the country.
in order to ensure there won't be anyone left to report his crimes and corruption, trump has fired 
		17 independent watchdog groups.
even reagan-appointed judges aren't impressed with trump trying to do away with the 14th amendment.
when he isn't drunk, cheating on his three wives, defrauding veteran's charities, sexually assaulting women, or co-hosting a fox weekend show, pete hegseth is running the 
		department of defense.
maybe going quietly into that gentle fascism isn't right?
trump re-instituted his directive to stop all aide to organizations which even mention that 
		abortion exists and scrubbed the word from 
		the white house web site.
various heroic local government are openly defying trump's racism and saying they refuse to help him deport 
		immigrants and refugees.
republican heather scott is asking the us supreme court to overturn same sex marriage.
just another reminder, south korea knows what to do with corrupt power-grabbing 
		politicians.
in an effort to satisfy trump's anti-dei racism, the air force is scrapping their training course which focused on the historic black and female pilots 
		of world war ii.
i don't have much interest in technology that is built around making trump happy.
trump fans are still unbelievably ignorant.
trump really hates preachers that don't agree with his bigotry. speaking of bigots, as a conservative jew, ben shapiro views what christians call the old 
		testament as holy. but, as a republican, he has to create lies about it.
despite her primary skill being shooting puppies, republican kristi noem has been confirmed as the leader of the 
		department of homeland security.
the national institute of health canceled their medical research meetings after trump ordered them to 
		cease all communication.

glass becomes awfully conductive when it gets really hot.


i'm tired of holding on / to a feeling i know is gone / i do believe that i've had enough

feeling:  okay
2024-01-24


the girls had a snow day yesterday, so i spent the day being a good parent.
new video game fonts include boot hill and hopping mappy for the arcade, paperboy for the game boy, paperboy for the nes, 
		and sword of fargoal for the commodore 64. i also reworked all the dave nutting associates fonts.

while campaigning, trump made it very clear he was going to issue blanket pardons to the january 6th insurrectionists, but the fraternal order of police union stupidly still endorsed him. on trump's first day in 
		office, he issued a blanket pardon to the insurrectionists, including 169 who violently attacked and beat police. now, the fraternal order of police union said 
		he's sending a "dangerous message." the pardoning didn't go exactly to plan; republicans initially intended to pardon the 
		insurrectionists on a case-by-case basis, but, when trump saw that reviewing criminals takes effort, he said, "fuck it! release 'em all." while releasing 
		1,500 violent criminals into the country is going to have deadly consequences, it 
		is at least making trump look even worse than ever before, though his sheep will follow him 
		to their deaths. and on this topic, daniel ball, one of the violent criminals trump 
		pardoned, was almost immediately re-arrested for a previous illegal gun possession charge. hopefully, there 
		will be more to follow.
i appreciate that elon musk's nazi salute is making both him and trump look bad, but the actual nazis are viewing it as 
		marching orders and communities all over the country are seeing another surge 
		in terrorism.
trump's attempt to rewrite the 14th amendment has been blocked by a judge. while already being a super racist 
		thing to do, it was made worse by the fact that birthright citizenship was also eliminated for 
		native americans!
in addition to women's reproductive rights, gun violence, all the spanish 
		pages, and science pages, republicans in the white house have now taken down the page which simply displays the 
		constitution. but it's not just the pages, republicans are trying to take away the very existence of these 
		things.
now that using federal offices for personal gain is the new norm, republican rfk jr says he will not 
		divest his interests and will continue to make money off any existing and new lawsuits he puts forth against 
		pharmaceutical companies.
trump threw a big hissy fit after a bishop begged him to have mercy on the powerless.
government workers who were hired to make sure the us government isn't racist were put on leave by trump.
republicans have already put forth a bill to let trump "buy" the panama canal.
trump is going back to interfering with the results of the us census.
when asked how he would decrease interest rates throughout the nation, trump said he would simply 
		demand they be lowered. however, presidents are not allowed to change interest rates, only 
		the federal reserve can do that, because it's supposed to be run by economists who put the country's interests ahead of the president's personal interests.
north carolina republicans are trying to reject over 60,000 votes, but only in democrat districts, in an effort to overthrow the election results 
		in their favor.

the right and wrong way to talk to people about their health.


i never wanted any more than i could fit into my head

feeling:  okay
2024-01-22


new video game fonts include the goonies ii for the nes and flicky for the sega sg-1000.

there are 271 republicans in congress. only six oppose trump pardoning the january 6th insurrectionists who 
		attacked police, tried to murder mike pence, and topple the us government. at least one of the insurrectionists refused the pardon admitting she was trying to overthrow the usa, and was guilty, deserved her punishment, 
		and that trump should not be trying to rewrite history.
the kkk is rallying in kentucky pushing trump's agenda.
trump's justice department says it will prosecute any municipal law enforcement agencies that don't comply with their 
		federal rules, because state's rights mean nothing to them. and, they will even start policing public  
		school campuses to arrest immigrants in front of children.
republicans have told all health agencies to stop talking to the public until they can change the messages to 
		"republican" health.
trump's pick to run the pentagon, fox weekend co-host pete hegseth, was so violent that one of his ex-wives believed he might 
		murder her.
trump's pick for the ambassador to the united nations is republican elise stefanik not only supports israel's genocide of palestine, but described the entire un as having an 
		"pervasive antisemitic rot."
bishop mariann edgar budde who gave a sermon on the importance of loving each other especially trans people and immigrants. trump, true to form said she is radical left, nasty, not smart, and not very good at her job 
		and demanded an apology from her entire church. republican mike collins said she should be deported, despite her being 
		born in the usa.
even the wall street journal says trump is a hypocrite for pardoning the insurrectionists.
republicans don't seem to understand what punk music is about.
it's hard to be bothered by biden's pardons when trump openly said he will weaponize the government against them.
there is a lot of disinformation about the california wildfires, much of which is being spread by republicans.
manifest destiny isn't an apt phrase when you don't put your hand on the bible.

like many converts, ayaan hirsi ali has to gaslight herself to justify her new faith. parts four and 
		five.


honestly, i'll be fine, this isn't my first time / i've taken blows before and every time i have survived

feeling:  okay
2024-01-21


new video game fonts include the bugs bunny crazy castle, mickey mouse: magic wands!, and trip world for game boy, joe & mac 
		for the nes, warp speed for arcade, and word zapper for the atari 2600.

trump's day one is already an absolute shit show. he started out by declaring a 
		national emergency to "repel" brown people. then, claimed the 
		alien enemies act of 1798, which only pertains to wartime, gives him the right to eliminate the 14th amendment of the us constitution. he also pardoned all the 
		terrorists who stormed the capitol on january 6th, including those who violently attacked police officers. he signed an order saying he has the authority to give anyone top secret clearance without 
		background checks or approval. he signed an order saying the us government will no longer acknowledge the 
		existence of trans people. he rolled back every single one of biden's executive orders which helped protect or include people of 
		minority races. he pulled the us out of the world health organization, again putting us at risk for 
		the next pandemic. he put a freeze on government hiring so agencies can't replace workers who 
		quit or retire. he put a halt on the sale of tiktok, despite himself 
		being the person to initially ban it. he again withdrew the usa from the paris climate 
		accord which will increase global pollution. made it easier to 
		execute people. but, at least there is one thing that we can all agree on as a huge success. it's probably the most 
		important thing any president has ever done or ever will do. something that will not only bolser our economy, and keep us safe from threats both foreign and domestic: he signed an executive order renaming the 
		gulf of mexico. problem solved!
despite all his posturing, and using white christian nationalist terms like manifest destiny, trump 
		didn't place his hand on a bible when he was sworn in.
when everyone is comparing you to hitler because you keep saying and doing things like hitler, it would probably be best if you didn't make a nazi salute on live 
		tv. but then there's elon musk. oh well, at least he isn't confusing the presidency with 
		being a king.
republicans have taken down the government web site that spelled out women's reproductive rights and taken down all of 
		their spanish language pages. racist and sexist, as usual.
trump moving his inauguration indoors screwing over the dedicated fans who paid for a non-refundable ticket while ensuring the ultra-wealthy have a front row seat is a perfect example of what trump's 
		whole life has been like.
trump refused to attend biden's inauguration because he was a pouting baby, so why is fox hyper-focused on shaming michelle obama? because she's both female and 
		black.
trump making his official white house portrait look like his mugshot makes it very clear that he is not serious about the office of the presidency.
satanists are once again the hero as they convinced another city council to stop forcing their beliefs on the public.

neil gaimen is another example for why you shouldn't have heroes.


yeah i wanna see those eyes in the mirror full of fire again

feeling:  okay
2024-01-20


new video game fonts include rolan's curse and wario land: super mario land 3 for game boy, 280 zzzap for arcade, mega man 
		iii for nes, and paperboy for the master system. i've also added pages for the mostly complete dave nutting associates font 
		and kemco font, and the less complete game boy font.

today we celebrate the civil rights movement and, in particular, the work of martin luther king, jr.
as biden left office he warned that the usa is becoming an oligarchy. i would argue that it 
		already is.
trump isn't wasting any time scamming americans by using the prestigious office of the president to sell 
		trump-themed cryptocurrency along with 
		melania's. i'm sure they will be just as lucrative and long-lasting products like trump airlines, trump steaks, trump 
		water, trump vodka... the usa government is a strip mall.
the department of government efficiency has already discovered a useless waste of spending and is ditching republican vivek ramaswamy. but, at the same time, they're creating a huge amount of useless spending, as, 
		the moment it beings to exist, it will be sued for corruption! well, once elon musk 
		figures out why his company's rockets keep exploding, i'm sure he'll get right on that.
if a president aims to prevent corruption, they're supposed to pick an attorney general with whom they don't already have a relationship, that way, they will be more interested in upholding the constitution rather 
		than helping a friend. trump instead picked his personal attorney pam bondi. when asked if she would uphold the constitution, in particular the 14th amendment, bondi admitted she hadn't studied the amendment, and 
		ultimately refused to say she would.
the party that want's to invade greenland moved its inauguration inside because it was too cold for them.
the whole of the republican party hates gay people and black people, so it's really sad to see the 
		village people and 
		snoop dogg sell out and accept his money to perform at his inauguration parties.
a leaked internal document from facebook's parent company shows their new rules relaxing moderation for fear of angering republicans, in which they say a phrase like, 
		"immigrants are filthy pieces of shit," is now acceptable. to justify allowing 
		such brazen hate speech, facebook said they hear stuff like this on the floors of congress, so why can't facebook users repeat it? as if republican congressmen are the moral epitome we should be striving for!
republican candace owens says dinosaurs are a conspiracy created by satanists.
while it's like trying to teach quantum mechanics to a slug, i'm glad to see democrats still petitioning trump to act 
		responsibly so he can't claim ignorance as a defense.
cfi continues on their path toward transphobia. i'm glad my local group left.
it's important to remember that engaging with other people, particularly when they have diametrically opposed views, is what will help us get out of this 
		impending civil war.
in one of her lasts acts as chair of the fcc, jessica rosenworcel dismissed the thin-skinned attempts to punish people for satirizing trump because satire, especially of a political figure, is 
		protected free speech.
glad to see mike lindell is scrounging.

making soda with extremely high pressures.


i've been this way ten years to the day

feeling:  okay
2024-01-16


we got lucy's ashes back yesterday. it's hard to believe such a loving dog who was so full of life could be reduced to such a tiny pile of dust.
new video game fonts include the goonies, hollywood squares, shanghai, and shanghai ii for the nes and tiny toons adventure: 
		babs' big break for game boy.

pete hegseth has cheated on his three wives, stole from a veteran charity to pay for wild drunken 
		parties at strip clubs, doesn't believe women deserve the right to defend their country, has a lot of white christian 
		nationalist tattoos, defends soldiers who murder civilians, and recently refused to say he wouldn't shoot unarmed american 
		citizens if the president told him to. despite all that, he's most likely going to be the head of the pentagon. republicans were too busy asking him how many push-ups he can do and defending men who cheat on their wives 
		to care about his failures.
in case you want to know which music artists have no dignity.
antivaxxers continue to increase preventable diseases.

how christian converts have to gaslight themselves.


blemishing mirror fright, gonna take a bit of a fall tonight

feeling:  okay
2024-01-15


new video game fonts include three fonts from the arcade game trojan, ikari iii: the rescue and jeopardy for nes, and 
		balloon kid for the game boy.

showing themselves as moral monsters, republicans continue to mock those who died in the california 
		wildfires, while tripping over themselves to suck up to trump.
after receiving $230,000 in donations from him, trump picked oil executive chris wright to run the department of energy, which is quite sad since he rejects the science of 
		climate change.
trump campaigned on the promise that he would decrease the size of the federal government, but, now that he's been elected, he's saying he needs to create a whole new department of government to handle all the 
		tariffs he plans on instituting: the external revenue service. however, tariffs are already handled by the department of commerce, so this new department will be 
		completely redundant.
proving once again that they don't care about small government, house republicans passed a bill which gives the federal government the authority to decided which students can play sports in public schools 
		across the nation.
along with greg abbott, republican mike johnson is ordering flags to be flown at full staff because, not only do they hate jimmy carter, they also feel trump is more important than 
		flag code.
why trump insist on fox weekend co-host pete hegseth to lead the department of defense, and why hegseth believes himself capable of doing the job are mysteries, but the facts around who he is were brought up during 
		his confirmation hearing: hegseth is a drunk who abuses women and is completely unqualified for the job.
republican nancy mace comparing trans women to sexual predators, to which jasmine crockett responded by calling her a child, to which nancy mace proved how much of a big girl she was by saying she wanted "take it 
		outside" to fight crockett. these are the mature people republicans vote for.
you know something is very wrong when the largest web companies google, amazon, and facebook are all donating huge sums of money 
		to trump.
south korea has the right idea. when a president tries for a power grab, you not only impeach him, you 
		arrest him! oh, what might have been. instead, someone is stuck having to get a sample of 
		trump's dna.

how and why hot ones lies about the spiciness of their sauces.


don't wanna be this where i just exist

feeling:  okay
2024-01-14


new video game fonts include the great waldo search and puss n boots: pero's great adventure for the nes, yoshi's cookie for 
		game boy, super shot for the arcade, and wonder boy in monster land for the master system.

jack smith said there was enough criminal evidence to convict trump, both in his stealing top secret documents from the white 
		house, and trying to steal the 2020 election. in any nation that cared about justice, trump would be in prison right now. with his report delivered, smith, like so many other americans, has become so disillusioned, 
		has resigned.
trump is so selfish that he's taking jimmy carter's death as a personal attack saying no americans want to see flags half-mast during 
		his inauguration. texas republican greg abbott went even further saying, screw jimmy carter, 
		flags must be flown full-mast for trump. but, what can you expect from the 
		gulf of texas guy?
when hurricanes hit the south, even though the south is primarily republican, biden was quick to send them aide and relief money to rebuild, no questions asked. now that wildfires are devastating california, and 
		california is primarily democrat, republicans are withholding aide until democrats 
		meet republicans demands.
the department of defense is about to be led by a fox weekend co-host with no leadership experience, a lot of alcoholism, and even more 
		assaults on women.

addressing the misunderstandings of poisson's spot.
catholic priest rodolfo martinez-guevara was caught sexually assaulting a teen under the age of 16 and having a massive stash of child pornography, but, because our culture still thinks priests deserve special 
		treatment, he will only serve a single year in jail.
what? joe rogan interviews shills for religious propaganda lets them say any old lies and believes them uncritically? surely you can't be serious!


but the kids all learn once those bridges burn

feeling:  okay
2024-01-13


over the weekend i had my girls watch my neighbor totoro for the first time. they loved it.
new video game fonts include phantom ii, pop flamer, and robot bowl for the arcade, rampage and shinobi for the nes, and 
		shinobi for the master system.

trump's sentencing was a mockery of justice. guilty on 34 counts of election fraud, and the sentence was, no punishment at all. i 
		understand that this was done since any real punishment would be ignored since republicans made us presidents kings, but, since trump now has our tax dollars to spend on legal matters, but there is still the principle of 
		it, and he will certainly appeal the sentence in order to try an expunge his record anyway. this is just another example of politicians not being held accountable.
it's not enough for trump to just say crazy things like he will invade canada, mexico, denmark, and panama, if he wants other countries 
		to capitulate, he actually has to do crazy things. so far in 
		his presidential career, the only crazy things he's done is sell-out his own country for very little personal gain, which isn't going to scare other nations.
when it comes to the wildfires in california, republicans really love to blame the 
		hiring of black people and women.
by attacking the free press and making it easier to sue news outlets who don't practice journalistic ethics, republicans are ensuring that those organizations which are the least likely to be honest are going to 
		suffer the most. this is going to be a wake up call for them because they don't realize the outlets from which they get their news are the most dishonest. here's to fox being 
		sued out of existence.
republican glenn youngkin has a bold idea: let companies pollute more and pay fewer taxes, 
		problem solved!
once again making it clear where his loyalties lie, elon musk endorsed the closest thing germany has left to 
		the nazi party.

some actual science behind fluoridated water and where there may be real areas of concern.
what would jesus do? city church in texas had a unique approach to homeless. when they sought shelter from the heat in the shade of their building, church officials hit them 
		with pepper spray.


your words can't hurt me, i'm out tonight

feeling:  okay
2024-01-10


i finished reading island of the blue dolphins.
new video game fonts include battletoads and lock n' chase for the game boy, pinball quest for the nes, rip cord for the 
		arcade, and shinobi for the game gear.

republicans are once again trying to overturn same-sex marriage.
facebook ended it's fact-checking program after republicans complained that the truth was biased against them, but, it 
		turns out, for the past two years, they could have lied all they wanted if they just paid 
		more money.
even though he was found guilty by a jury of his peers on all 34 counts, trump asked the us supreme court to block the sentencing in his illegal hush money case. four of the republican judges (clarence thomas, samuel 
		alito, neil gorsuch, and brett kavanaugh) again said us presidents are kings and completely above the law, even for crimes they committed before they were president, but, thankfully, a couple republican judges aren't so 
		completely evil that they would completely abandon any semblance of justice, and trump's request was denied. in other good news, an appeals court ruled that jack smith is allowed to 
		release his report on trump's insurrection case. although he's already 
		been acquitted for his crimes, we may at least learn more about how he tried to overthrow democracy, that is, if the supreme court allows it.
everything trump is saying about the california wildfires is a lie, but, it came from trump's mouth, so, of course 
		it was a lie.
russian gas has finally been cut off from the eu. while this will help push europe away from the nation run by a genocidal dictator, and decrease money going into russia, both of which are good, for the near future, 
		heat and fuel are going to be a lot more expensive, if available at all.
the justice department is suing six major property renters for price-fixing including 
		greystar, livcor, camden, cushman/wakefield/pinnacle, willow bridge, and cortland. while this is good news for renters, once a property mogul takes office, expect it to be shut down.
humans have polluted the earth so much that we've now hit the 1.5 degree celsius limit scientists have warned us about for decades. this is where things 
		don't just get worse linearly, they start getting worse exponentially. unfortunately, most nations, especially the usa, are only increasing their pollution output.
adding tolls to busy areas isn't winning over many people.

a look at why ai art is so bad, and probably won't get much better any time soon, despite how much money is being dumped into it.
turns out the creation museum hires men who sexually assault teenage boys.


it's time to move on, time to get going / what lies ahead, i have no way of knowing

feeling:  okay
2024-01-09


i threw out some compost in the back yard last night and saw lucy's paw prints in the snow. knowing that they'll melt away soon made me sad.
new video game fonts include the bios fonts of the ti-99/4a home computer, bonk's adventure, contra: the alien wars, the 
		rescue of princess blobette, and shanghai for the game boy, and crash for the arcade. this has pushed my collection to 200 fonts!
i added a lot of updates to my trump complaints section on violence and domestic terrorism.

great britain is pushing forward on renewable energy and it now makes up over 56% of the nation's energy production, but here in the usa, trump is still 
		stupidly claiming windmills cause cancer. these shifts to green energy are necessary if we 
		want to survive because years of unbridled polluting has caused severe climate change which is increasing temperatures around the globe and making semi-arid regions drier and more prone to wildfires. as this problem get 
		worse, we see major wildfires all over the planet, and, currently, california cities are in flames. republicans, rather than even attempt to understand the problem, let alone recognize the scientific consensus, are just 
		blaming democrats. i guess they should have taken trump's advice and 
		raked 384,000,000 acres of forest.
trump is still trying to cover up his election crimes, but the highest court in new york has declined to help him.
he's not even president yet, but things under trump are already getting absolutely awful. when he isn't threatening to invade our allies, he's 
		giving big corporations a greenlight to destroy the country and blocking every report of his crimes. 
		rather than fight against his corruption, many americans would rather just put their heads in the sand.
once again proving they've become evil, google has donated 
		$1,000,000 to trump.

how it's possible to shine light through solid metal.
taking a critical approach to the recent claims of ayaan hirsi ali: part 1 and part 2.


i'ma strike these matches / never had control / i'm ready to let go

feeling:  okay
2024-01-08


missing my lucy something fierce, but i feel good knowing i did the right thing for her.
new video game fonts include double dragon ii, felix the cat, pocket bomber man, and the real ghostbusters for the game boy 
		and dead eye for the arcade.

showing solidarity with israel's genocide, trump said that "all hell will break out" if hamas doesn't release the 
		remaining hostages. i wonder if those people who refused to vote for kamala harris because she wasn't tough on israel are 
		proud of themselves?
just like hitler did with the neighboring nations of germany to justify wwii, trump says the usa needs to expand into new territory for growth and security, so he's riling up his base saying he won't rule out a 
		military invasion of denmark and panama.
trump is really trying to block the release of jack smith's investigation into his failed attempt to overthrow the 2020 election. he's convinced the inexperienced judge he appointed, judge aileen cannon, to 
		temporarily prevent its release and is petitioning merrick garland to 
		permanently block it.
republicans really gaslit the country on the anniversary of their failed january 6th insurrection.
		so, as a reminder, here is a look at what the newspaper headlines looked like the next day.
i love that congress cheered for harris over trump, but i don't love how republicans are blaming immigrants for the terrorist attacks conducted by native-born 
		americans.
trump is begging the us supreme court to throw out his criminal hush money conviction so he won't have to 
		pardon himself.
because there aren't any other pressing issues going on, republican and famed anti-semite marjorie taylor greene is introducing a bill on behalf of trump to rename the gulf of mexico to the 
		"gulf of america."
with the political victory of conservatives, more companies are dropping support for hiring women, people of color, and various minorities, including 
		mcdonald's.
because republicans just can't lose gracefully, they are challenging the victory of allison riggs, a democrat who was ran for her state's supreme court and won with a very narrow margin. however, the state's 
		existing supreme court, which is majority republican, and will still have a majority even with riggs's win, is 
		blocking the certification process.

what video game development was like in the 1980s.
why the printing press broke the english language.


see the dog and butterfly / up in the air he like to fly

feeling:  sad
2024-01-07


our dog lucy wasn't eating much and throwing up her food so we took her to the vet. they said she had pancreatitis, gave us some meds, and switched her to a very low-fat diet. she was doing well on that for a week, 
		but she slowly stopped eating the new food, lost more weight, and became jaundice. we took her back and they did a liver x-ray and found a mass. we did a few more tests, and they said we could do a biopsy, but none of 
		the possible outcomes would be favorable. she continued to refuse any low-fat foods and lost more weight. knowing that there wasn't anything else we could do, we started giving her anything she would eat, but even that 
		was short lived, and she started refusing all foods. today, we decided to put her down. she was the best dog i ever had, and was with us for ten wonderful years. i'm going to miss her exceptionally. i made a collage of 
		photos of her.
illy has been having a lot of bad bloody noses lately, probably a mix of the cold dry air and having a cold, so we're working on making her  but they're definitely scaring her.

trump's lawyers are trying to block attorney general jack smith from releasing the investigation results of two of trump's biggest crimes: his attempt to steal the 2020 election across several states, and trump's 
		stolen top secret documents which he ordered his lawyers to hide from the fbi. thankfully, smith says he will follow protocol and redact the results the expected amount, and 
		release them.
trump's hail mary attempt to prevent sentencing against him in his hush money scandal was denied.
facebook has added trump supporter and ufc president dana white to it's meta board. in a related turn of events, facebook says they will 
		stop fact-checking posts because the truth is unfair to republicans. instead, they will take the same approach used by 
		nazi web site x.
despite all the conservative fear and hatred, the actual number of teens receiving gender-affirming care is extremely low. of the over 60,000,000 teens living in the usa, fewer than 1,000 have 
		received puberty blockers.
$5,000,000 in tax dollars go to a private catholic school who intended to use much of it to spread lies about abortion.

doom: the art gallery experience.
the last episode of nancy rothwell's christmas lectures.
how the male-run media teaches us to distrust women.


i know i was born and i know that i'll die / the in between is mine / i am mine

feeling:  okay
2024-01-06


illness went away faster than usual, i guess because i was sick just a little while ago and my immune system was still on full alert.
over the weekend, i beat the unlicensed nes game solitaire.
new video game fonts include ducktales, lemmings, mickey's dangerous chase, tetris plus, and wordtris for the game boy.

there isn't an angry mob if politically-illiterate democrats storming the capitol, murdering police, and trying to overthrow democracy in the name of their dictator... but i still can't tell the two parties apart. 
		also, the surviving police officers from january 6th say trump has betrayed them by lying that the insurrection never 
		happened, and his plans to pardon almost all of the criminals.
trump will be sentenced for one of his many felonies on january 10th, ten days before he's sworn in as president. what an embarrassing time 
		to be an american.
a pulitzer prize winning cartoonist has quit the washington post after her editor refused to 
		publish her political cartoon which depicted several people including the newspaper's owner, jeff bezos, kneeling and offering money to trump, which he has 
		literally done. this, in addition to several other forms of censorship bezos has 
		cause to the paper, has validated my decision to cancel my subscription.
so much for net neutrality.
biden may have been a disappointing president, but at least he appointed more women of color judges than any president in history.
looks like the veteran who killed himself in a cybertruck in front of a trump building had a long history of mental illness 
		due to his service. we as a nation failed to provide proper healthcare, and, since trump doesn't believe soldiers need 
		healthcare when they suffer traumatic brain injuries, don't expect any progress from him.

learning about how the time of day affects all living creatures.
orthodox christian joshua cummings proudly admitted that he destroyed the religious statue of another religion several times, says he will continue to do it, and said, even after getting caught, he hasn't faced any 
		legal consequences because the police are on his side. he is also the same kind of person who says christians are the more 
		persecuted religion in history.
why arguments alone should not be sufficient for proving the existence of the supernatural.
some thought experiments which may cause an existential crisis.
101 things we learned in 2024.


all i know is, there's something new this year, i don't know much, but there's something new coming near

feeling:  sick
2024-01-03


yup, definitely sick again. emily and gabby have both been sniffling and sneezing for the past couple days, and it found its way to me.
new video game fonts include bionic commando, ninja gaiden shadow, operation c, and penguin wars for the game boy.

the new orleans terrorist was a us citizen from texas and veteran of the us army. as predicted, trump and his fellow republicans blamed the murders on 
		immigrants.
patrick thomas egan was arrested after choking a journalist and person of color while shouting 
		"this is trump's america now!"

apple has to pay $95,000,000 in a settlement because it was illegally harvesting user's private information through it's 
		siri app.
smart women are awesome.
why everyone's family tree is filled with incest.


january first and it's already clear, it's gonna be another shitty year

feeling:  blah
2024-01-02


my daughters and i successfully stayed up to midnight to watch the ball drop, ate a lot of junk food, and made a mess with confetti. and, now we're feeling a bit sick.
i beat the flash game the company of myself.
new video game fonts include the guardian legend, metroid, and toki for the nes and final fantasy adventure for the game 
		boy. i had to add more to my 1-bit-per-pixel graphic program to get the guardian legend's characters which are not stored in the rom like normal nes graphics.

finland said they found a 60-mile anchor drag mark along the sea floor where a russia ship purposely severed an undersea power cable. by cutting off their access to electricity, russia hopes to both make europe more 
		dependent on russian fuel and punish europe for helping to protect ukraine.
it's not enough that twitter has fully embraced
white supremacists
and nazis, elon musk himself has now changed his profile picture to pepe the frog, a 
		cartoon that was appropriated by white supremacists.
two recent us soldiers have turned terrorist. the new orleans mass-murdering gunman was a us 
		citizen from texas and a retired commander in the us army. but, since he's a person of color, that is all republicans will focus on. the cybertruck driver who blew up his vehicle full of fireworks and fuel canisters 
		in front of a trump building appears to be a master sargent and apparently shot himself just after setting off the bomb.
at least there is a little good news, 21 states are increasing their minimum wages in 2025. when you look at the list, it's 
		almost exclusively those hippie democrat states. too bad republicans will keep the federal minimum wage at $7.25, a completely unlivable amount.

i have little patience for science communicators who try to mix their own bigotry into their science like richard dawkins, and, while i actively promote female 
		scientists, they're not innocent of this either; case in point, sabine hossenfelder. thankfully, there are still great science teachers like 
		nancy rothwell.



want to go further back? check the old news.




picture of zen




<
#
?
>





search

this sitedictionarythesaurusrhyming wordsencyclopediaweather



more


styles



default
			dark blue
			green
			autumn
			purple
			red
			blue
			



 





 


	© copyright 2000-2025: dean tersigni, all rights reserved.








