






entergy mississippi | we power life.  

















 search



payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitiesthe power to carecorporate and foundation givingeconomic developmentgoentergyavailable sites and buildingsmyentergy 



100 years in mississippicontact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com 







entergy mississippi, llc|
100 years in mississippicontact usfaqnewsroomabout uscareers|entergy.com myentergy|outages













payments and billingbilling optionspayment optionstools to manage my billi need help paying my billresidential customersbusiness customerssafetyresidentialbusinesscommunitiesthe power to carecorporate and foundation givingeconomic developmentgoentergyavailable sites and buildings 
















historic $10b investment to benefit customers
plans will bring new jobs, economic development opportunities
a $10 billion planned investment by amazon web services inc. will support long-term power reliability and affordability for all entergy mississippi customers. read more







start, stop or transfer service
it's fast and easy to update your service online
whether you're new to entergy, moving across town or moving across the country, you can take care of it all, all in one place. get started







freedom to go paperfree
drop the paper bill. enjoy the perks.
thanks to our insightful e-bill and mobile app, you can rest easy going paperless and help save time, clutter and the environment. go paperfree







never miss a payment
get a heads-up with billing alerts
stay on top of your energy bill with easy notifications. sign up for text or email alerts ahead of when your bill is due — you choose how many days out. get billing alerts




•
•
•
•








					quick links
				







myentergy
view and pay my bill 






view outages
view power status in your area 






moving?
start, stop or move service 






storm center
be prepared for bad weather 








					featured content
				










payment options
choose how your bill is calculated and when, where and how you pay it.
learn more











pay online
no checks. no postage. no fees. simply log into myentergy.
learn more











entergy solutions
energy audits, incentives, rebates and energy efficiency products.
learn more











energy tips
the more you know about how you use energy, the more ways you can save.
learn more










latest news and insights









news > safety, storms
ready for anything: entergy mississippi prepares for storms year-round
02/12/2025
no matter the season, severe weather has the potential to leave widespread damage and cause power outages. it’s why entergy mississippi is observing severe weather preparedness week (feb. 9-15) and encouraging customers to do the same by making a plan.
read more






restoration
how we restore power after a storm.
learn more 

 
 




more news and insights































contact usfaqcareersabout usadditional linksbuilding a bright future for mississippiselect transmission projectsdoe smart grid grant awardedespañolentergy.com 









© 2025 entergy corporation. all rights reserved.



accessibility
privacy policy
terms of use










			search siteclose











