








home - language exchange international






































































 










skip to content














 
561-368-3913










  

















 









home
about us
programs
faqs
contact
 

 menu


home
about us
programs
faqs
contact
 












 
get started
































empowering language learners for over 40 years
start learning today
our programs


































language exchange international 



we provide a dynamic environment tailored to each student’s needs, helping learners of english as a second language (esol) achieve fluency and confidence. our experienced educators use a conversational approach to enhance reading, writing, speaking, and listening skills, supported by a dedicated administration. 















tailored learning 



















program of studies 






















						beginner level					

level 1: beginner (cefr a2)
basics of reading, writing, and simple communication skills for new english learners.					


popular

















						intermediate levels					

level 2: low intermediate (cefr b1)
level 3: intermediate (cefr b1)
comprehension of main ideas in texts, engaging in conversations, and improving writing clarity.					

















						high intermediate level					

level 4: high intermediate (cefr b2)
advanced comprehensive textual understanding, enhanced dynamic conversational fluency, and refined in-depth writing proficiency					





















						advanced level					

level 5: advanced (cefr c1)
mastery of demanding texts, spontaneous speech, nuanced dialogue, advanced verbal interactions, and sophisticated writing structures.					

















						english for academic purposes					

eap: proficiency (cefr c2)
focused academic skills, complex text analysis, and academic presentation proficiency.					

















						english for business purposes					

ebp: proficiency (cefr c2)
business communication expertise, advanced case analysis, and professional writing skills.					





















						english for hospitality & tourism					

eht: proficiency (cefr c2)
industry-specific vocabulary, customer interaction skills, and cultural communication proficiency.					






















 
view all



















why choose us? 



decades of excellence: more than 40 years of leadership in english language education.tailored learning: programs start with a placement inventory to match you with the right level.global community: welcoming students locally and from around the globe.fully accredited: approved for i-20 students by sevis and u.s. immigration. 







 
get started


























 latest articles  


















				top 3 best places for brazilian food in south florida			


			read more »		









				why language exchange international is the #1 place to learn english in south florida			


			read more »		









				study english in the u.s.: which visa is right for you? 🇺🇸📚			


			read more »		











 read more articles
















frequently asked questions 










do i need a student visa to study at language exchange international?

if the main purpose of your visit to the united states is to study, the citizenship and immigration services (uscis), recommends that you should apply for a student visa (f1). student visa holders are required to attend 18 hours of school each week.  as a student you must be serious about attending classes regularly.  attendance is a major factor in the  maintaining of your student status.if however,  you are planning on improving your english while at the same time enjoying a vacation in beautiful south florida, and prefer a less intensive program where attendance is not a critical factor,  you can then enroll in language exchange international on a tourist visa. for additional information about student visas please visit: us government visas and study of english.







how can i apply for a student visa before i come to study at language exchange international?

in order to apply for a student visa (f1) at an american embassy or consulate in your home country, you must first receive an i-20 form from our school.  in order to receive an i-20 you must submit the following documentation to language exchange international:complete the school’s application for admission. please be sure to indicate the desired start date of your program, which can be any monday, but in advance to allow you enough time to prepare all the documentation for the visa application and interview.a copy of your passport’s biometrics page.  if you have dependents (husband or wife, children who will travel with you to the usa, you need to submit copies of their passport’s biometrics pages.proof of financial stability.as a student with an f1 visa you will not be authorized to work in the united states during your first year of study.for that reason, you must prove to the u.s. government that you have sufficient financial resources to sustain yourself while studying here.in order to calculate the amount of money you should have on your financial statement,  at minimum $1,000.00 per month for living expenses, plus tuition costs ($560)if you have a sponsor ( family member or friend who is willing to support you during your studies in the united states), that person must show $2,000.00 per month for living expenses  plus tuition costs ($560).students with dependents (f2) must show $500.00 per month per dependent in addition to the amounts previously stated. a sponsor must  complete and sign the affidavit of financial support.  to prove your sponsors financial stability you must submit a recent copy (no older than 30 days) of the sponsors bank statement which clearly shows the following information:  the bank account holder’s name, the date of the bank statement, and the amount of money in the account which may be in a foreign currency.additional materials required:payment of non-refundable registration fee in the amount of $125.00.you are required to have the original i-20 when you go to the american consulate to apply for the student visa. if you need the original i-20 mailed from our office via fedex or ups.  there  is a cost of $150.00 for this service which can also be paid on-line through our payment service. the original i-20 can also be picked up in person in our main office.upon receipt of all the above documentation, which must be complete and accurate, within one week, our director of admissions will issue the i-20.a few final stepsupon receipt of the i-20 you must sign it and then pay sevis i-901 fee.  for additional information about the sevis i-901 fee, visit their website: sevis information.after this process has been completed you can then make an appointment for the required visa interview at the local american consulate.  you must have all of the supporting documentation as outlined in this  section.







what do i do if my visa is denied?

if your student visa is denied, you must notify our school immediately about the denial.  call 561-368-3913 or email us at info@languageexchange.com







i have a student visa and an i-20 through another school. can i transfer to language exchange international?

given the quality and reputation of the language exchange international program, we receive many transfers on a regular basis. therefore: sign the transfer form from language exchange international and send it to the school that you attended last.the school that you attended last will complete the form and send it directly to the director of admissions at language exchange international.the director of admissions at language exchange international will address the  second step in the process of completing the transfer.







q: what is the grace period for enrolling at language exchange international?

immigration regulations provide a grace period for students to enroll at language exchange international before the deadline expires. it’s essential to either contact your current school or check the sevis information website for specific details on this period. remember, meeting this deadline is crucial to maintain your immigration status.
















subscribe to our newsletter 



















submit






















 




offering tailored english as a second language (esol) programs. our accredited courses, recognized by sevis, empower students aged 16 and older to achieve fluency and confidence in english. 




 








latest posts 











				new to delray beach? here’s how to make the most of it! 🌴✨			


			read more		









				what to do in delray beach after class to improve your english			


			read more		











contact  






 
2925 south federal hwy delray beach, fl 33483




 
(561) 368-3913




 
info@languageexchange.com​









 




							chat on whatsapp						










facebook
 



instagram
 


















© 2024 language exchange international. all rights reserved. 








call now button




















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








