


understanding the old and new testament







understanding the old and new testament

understanding the old and new testament
changes between the old and new testament
changes regarding the land
 changes regarding the use of the sword
changes regarding the temple
god’s plan for reaching the nations
contrasts: ot nation and nt communities
slavery
the paradigm shift
liberal theology
life on the land
helpful links
contact page
statement of faith
....... documents & images to download
download god's word /////
god wants to strengthen you
restoring your relationship with god
daily exercises for spiritual renewal
the cure of evil-speaking, by john wesley
half-hearted lovers
changes regarding the use of the sword

click on the links above, to go to various articles, essays, and downloads. or, see the brief descriptions below for some of the pages on this site.











  click on the title, to go there:     changes from the old to the new testament       excerpts from key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament by m. a. erickson (wipf & stock dec. 2023).     changes regarding the land             quotes on changes regarding the land, from old to new testament. from key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament (wipf & stock dec. 2023).     changes regarding the use of the sword  insights on changes regarding the use of the sword from old to new testament, from key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament by (wipf & stock 2023).   changes regarding the temple   the major transformation regarding the temple. from key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament (wipf & stock 2023).   contrasts between the old testament nation and the new testament communities of faith in christ:       points from key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament by m. a. erickson (wipf & stock 2023), and from  freely gathered communities of faith and the changes between the testaments by m. a. erickson (wipf & stock 2019).    god’s plan for reaching the nations taken from key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament (wipf & stock 2023).    the paradigm shift    key points on the paradigm shift from old to new testament, from freely gathered communities of faith and the changes between the testaments (wipf & stock 2019).   life on the land the vision for life on the land in the torah, as described in key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament (wipf & stock 2023).   liberal theology the falacies and anti-supernatural bias of modern liberal theology. taken from key connections: understanding the changes from the old to new testament (wipf & stock 2023).   download god's word  free downloads of the new testament, as well as links to free bible software for tablets and laptops;  bible versions in english, russian, chines, arabic, and other languages.     restoring your relationship with god   "restoring your relationship with god" is for anyone who feels distant from god, or who feels they have been gradually drifting further away.    daily exercises for spiritual renewal  a look at a new e-book, daily exercises for spiritual renewal. this is a daily guide that provides both structure and flexibility for growth in your spiritual life. it includes an outline for times of prayer, 40 days of readings from god's word, confession, giving thanks, worship, intercessory prayer, and key focus areas.   god wants to strengthen you!  this is a message for god's people, on how to receive strength from the lord.        statement of faith                           




 





     













flagcounter added to site on june 19, 2008 / updated daily










 













