



american pro-life enterprise | home























aple



home
store
faqs
resources
privacy
contact







american pro-life enterprise

your total pro-life / pro-family source for vitamins and nutritionals









mission statement
the mission of the american pro-life enterprise is to provide our clients with quality, pharmaceutical grade, economical products which assist, help and enhance their physical well-being, based on traditional catholic social prinicples.



welcome
welcome to the american pro-life enterprise, the only pro-life / pro-family one-stop site on the net for all your family's vitamin and nutritional needs! we have striven to provide america and our friends abroad with economical, high quality products since 1987. we do not stock nor dispense any "contraceptives" or abortifacients. a portion of our annual profits are donated back to pro-life and pro-family groups, something which, we think, no other provider like us can claim or would!
when you think of aple's natural vitamins, herbals and nutritionals, think about the benefits: good nutrition, well being, improved immune system, complete nutrition, stamina, strength, healthy living, organic food, minerals, preventative care of your body- it's nature's natural health food!
shop now!








hours of operation

monday - friday: 9 - 5 est
saturday: 9 - 12 noon est
please keep in mind, we are closed all holy days of obligation under the traditional catholic calendar. orders received before 11am est will be shipped the same day; otherwise orders are shipped the next business day. we offer quantity discounts on all our products (5% off if you buy 3-5 of the same item, 10% off if you buy 6 or more of the same item). don't worry if the discounted amount doesn't show on your browser; we humans do all the final calculations and will apply all correct discounts to your order! we know you'll be pleased with the service and the products we provide you and your family. for greater savings and announcements for unadvertised specials, please sign up as a preferred vip client in the shopping cart area, top of the page near the middle. discounts are never applied retroactively.
to encourage use of our efficient website and shopping cart, base prices listed on this website reflect the group discount price normally accorded those who mention ccli, fertility, cycles and nutrition, and other referral sources for qualified group discount(s).
visit the store!






shipping and sale terms and conditions:






transit times
shipping transit time varies depending on the carrier chosen as well as your zip code distance from our headquarters in central ohio. average transit time is an estimated 2-7 business days (not including weekends!) within the lower 48 states, a day or 2 longer to ak, hi or any us territorial possessions. canadian and other foreign orders may take from 7-30 days depending on shipping method used and destination, as well as the customs limitations imposed by your own government. any impedements or delays cause by your own government need to be addressed through your government representatives, postal service or bureaucratic processes.



address requirements
all orders must have a street address. the only exceptions are foreign orders and military / apo type addresses. giving only a po box address will delay your order!







consultation
american pro-life enterprise offers fee-based consultation by its staff pharmacist and nurse, both of whom are credentialed with doctoral degrees. any requests for vitamin, nutritional, health or drug related questions will be charged the standard going fee schedule, available upon request. receipts for consultation services, like vitamin products, may be sumbitted to your flexible spending account and / or your major medical carrier.



order payments
all payments for orders are due at time of sale, either by credit card (visa, mc or discover) or check or money order sent with your order (for those ordering by mail). we do not carry any house charge accounts to keep our prices affordable. all products purchased will be considered accepted and in conformance with the original order unless written or verbal claim is made to the contrary within 5 business days of the sale. all packages should be examined upon receipt for damage and accuracy. report all damages to aple. aple will credit or reship all damages at its discretion.







returns / restocking
convenience returns for unopened bottles only subject to a 20% restocking charge. no opened bottles accepted for credit or exchange for any reason, sorry no exceptions! returns must be made within 30 days of receipt for any credit. foreign orders will have appropriate additional postage, if applicable, added at time of order processing. the shipping charges from our online secure shop for foreign orders is only an estimate. flat shipping rate  per order applies  for us orders, but only to the lower 48 states of the us.



shipping methods
shipping method = your choice (however, we do reserve the right to send it most economical way unless you want a premium service such as fedex next day, 2nd day or 3rd day fedex). fedex charges are estimates only! the final cost will be the actual fedex billed amount, which is based on weight and destination zip code. a nominal bank fee may apply (up to4%).










history

founded in 1987, kuhar konsultants, inc (kki) is the corporate name operating under the name of the american pro-life enterprise (aple). originally a local, independent pharmacy, the company has expanded to a worldwide apostolate mission of providing economical and high quality vitamin and nutritional products for the entire family. after shedding the retail pharmacy portion of the business in 1992, kki has focused on health and nutrition for entire families and, along with the products listed here, offers fee-based consultation by its staff pharmacist and nurse, both of whom are credentialed with doctoral degrees.
dr. bo kuhar was the founder of pharmacists for life international, the only professional pharmacy association which is 100% total protection, no exceptions pro-life, and unashamedly so. he has served in several capacities as president of pfli and, at present, continues to serve as its executive director.







team
contact the folks who keep things up and running!




dr. bo kuhar
founder, pharmacist



dr. marsha kuhar
consulting nurse








connect with us
follow us on social media for the latest sales and product updates!


facebook
twitter





copyright â© a.d. mmxvi - kuhar.com
base design: templated (cc0)
				



