



  





 

welcome • podunk bluegrass festival
































































































   
































   










 2025 podunk spotify playlist































menumenuhometicketsscheduleperformers

main stagehousatonic stagelitchfield stagecompetition bandspast performers
about

aboutour historyfestival etiquettefrequently asked questionscontactsfestival maplocal attractionson site campingfact sheet2010 ibma event of the yearreviewsfavorite links
activities

family fun activitiespodunk bluegrass kids’ academyveterans appreciation day
contests

telefunken band competitionpast band competitionssongwriters contestcampsite decorating contest
photosvendorsjoin us

join our email listhow you can helpfestival sponsorssponsorship informationsponsorship tiersdonorsprogram book advertising
volunteercontact us






 











dan tyminski bandrob ickes & trey hensley bandpo' ramblin' boys with jim lauderdalestillhouse junkiesliam purcell & cane mill roadthe burnett sisters bandcarson peters & iron mountainthe blue canyon boysmy brother’s keeperrock heartsamanda cook bandeugene tyler bandthe ruta beggarsbloodroot gap2024 winners of the podunk band competition
28th annual

welcome to the heart of bluegrass bliss at the only multi-day bluegrass festival in connecticut! nestled amidst the picturesque landscapes of litchfield county, this annual event stands as a beacon for bluegrass enthusiasts, drawing together musicians, fans, and families for an unforgettable celebration of traditional and contemporary bluegrass music. with a rich tapestry of sounds echoing through the hills, podunk transforms goshen into a vibrant hub of toe-tapping rhythms and harmonious melodies. from seasoned bluegrass veterans to emerging talents, the festival promises a weekend filled with stellar performances, jam sessions, kids activities, round the clock field pickin’ and the warm camaraderie of a community brought together by a shared love for this timeless genre. join us in this musical journey where the spirit of bluegrass finds its home in the heart of connecticut!
2025 podunk lineup

dan tyminski band (sat.)
 rob ickes & trey hensley (fri.)
po’ ramblin’ boys with jim lauderdale (fri.)
stillhouse junkies (fri.)
liam purcell & cane mill road (sat.)
the burnett sisters band (sat.)
carson peters & iron mountain (fri.)
the blue canyon boys  (fri.)
my brother’s keeper (sat. & sun.)
rock hearts (sat. & sun.)
amanda cook band (fri.)
eugene tyler band (thurs.)
the ruta beggars (thurs.)
bloodroot gap (sat.)
podunk kids academy (sun.)
learn more about the 2025 main stage performers here
see previous line ups here
plus many more on our 2 other stages
thursday’s band competition sponsored by telefunken
tba

tickets on sale 
multiple stages • workshops • kids academy • on site camping • hookups • kids activities 
band & song writing competitions • food and craft vendors •  round the clock field picking • jams
 
get pumped for podunk!  listen to our 2025 spotify playlist
each summer outstanding local, regional and national bluegrass acts converge on the podunk stages and deliver an awesome festival experience.  our main stage festivities kick off on thursday with our annual band competition sponsored by telefunken.
our housatonic stage features bluegrass and bluegrass friendly acts from around connecticut and the region playing on thursday, friday and saturday.  thursday evening the housatonic stage will host an open mic  & jam for anyone interested. thursday is also veterans appreciation day! all veterans (and active duty too) will receive free admission and a meal.
gates will open at 1 pm on wednesday for early bird campers. camp on site or come for the day or night using our close, ample parking.
there will be plenty to do for the whole family.  learn about our camping, family fun activities, and vendors.  check out what else there is to do in the area on the ct tourism site.
podunk is proudly presented by the members of the podunk bluegrass music festival inc. board of directors and is held annually on the second full weekend of august in goshen, ct.

2010 ibma event of the year
































bird’s eye view of podunk

aerial footage provided by m3media productions





ground level look from backstageview.com
                                                                       









thank you to our generous sponsors
podunk bluegrass music festival inc. is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization. all contributions, less benefits of a certain value, are fully tax-deductible in accordance with the law (tax id #06-1457866).


















































 


 




support the festival!
advertise in our program book
spread the word! print and hang our flyer and tell a friend about podunk.
2025 flyer





﻿





join our mailing list!






learn more about how you can help us here at podunk













privacy


copyright ©  2025 podunk bluegrass festival ~ all rights reserved.


site bythirsty lizards



















add me to the waitlist
we will inform you when the item arrives in stock. please leave your valid email address, name and optional comments below.



your nameoptional notes


add me to the waitlist







 





















