







erika tauriello – professional catering




































 


























skip to content





erika tauriello
professional catering

menu

about
menu selections
testimonials
photo gallery
contact
 






 




welcome 

professional catering by erika tauriello in santa cruz county.
with more than 30 years of catering experience, you can be assured that i can help your take care of all the catering details including customized menu planning, theme ideas, rental suggestions, and more so that you can relax and enjoy the party.
if you are planning an event and would like more information on my services, please fill out my catering services form before you contact me. this will make it so much easier for me to get an idea of your event beforehand, and then we can work together to make it a great success!












appetizers









finger foods









party platters









					testimonials				



this is a thank you for the amazing food, customer service, and care that you put into your work. the extra hands you provided to the foundation to ensure all went well was greatly valued.

you were an amazing team of one.


ana e. 



well erika, you sure have found the way to my heart—food.❤️ and not just any food, but delicious, healthy food!
lunch yesterday was so yummy, and it’ going to feed me for the rest of the week
thank you so much!


megan p. 



we are overjoyed by your work for our wedding! everything was perfect. each dish was delicious and beautifully prepared, and your staff was amazing. the food was a perfect representation of what we love to eat, and we heard from many of our guests that it was the best wedding meal they’ve had. and the empanadas were a hit!! the argentines loved them. thank you, thank you!


jacqui and ignacio 










erika tauriello
professional catering




contact phone: (831) 332-0832email: erika@2hot4kitty.com
 

planning an event? please fill out my catering services form before you contact me if you are already planning an event. this will make it so much easier for me to get an idea of services you’ll need before we talk. then we can work together to make it a great success!

 





website design by jsg studios - jsutergraphix.com, santa cruz, ca













