

 










visit hudson valley | things to do | travel & tourism








































































 







please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility








skip to content



























 
things to do fall & winter food & drink agritourism arts & culture attractions craft beverages history recreation restaurants farm-to-table shopping & antiquesplaces to stay fall & winter getaways hotels unique stays campgroundsexplore our counties about the hudson valley albany columbia dutchess greene orange putnam rensselaer rockland ulster westchestertravel tools wine, water, & wonders take a revolutionary tour travel trade videos getaways themed itineraries transportation path through history tips for the international traveler contact usblognews & events news events












search









































 
things to do fall & winter food & drink agritourism arts & culture attractions craft beverages history recreation restaurants farm-to-table shopping & antiquesplaces to stay fall & winter getaways hotels unique stays campgroundsexplore our counties about the hudson valley albany columbia dutchess greene orange putnam rensselaer rockland ulster westchestertravel tools wine, water, & wonders take a revolutionary tour travel trade videos getaways themed itineraries transportation path through history tips for the international traveler contact usblognews & events news events












search














 












 















discover the best places to visit in the hudson valley. 




















5 haunted hikes for outdoor thrills in the hudson valley


read more
















the best apple cider donut destinations in the hudson valley


read more
















your official hudson valley apple picking farm guide


read more
















10 hudson valley farms, sanctuaries, and zoos to visit animals


read more
















vegetarian-friendly restaurants to try in the hudson valley


read more
















18 hudson valley trails that are perfect for summer hikes


read more
















grab brunch at these hudson valley restaurants near train stations


read more
















your guide to the hudson valley’s 10 unique counties


read more





































take a revolutionary tour 
explore the history, places & personalities that built a nation.



learn more


 
 






















explore the hudson valley 
renowned for its historic landmarks, outdoor sculpture parks, and exclusive retreats, the region is also a leader in the farm-to-table movement. explore the hudson valley’s incredible culinary scene, grab a pint at a microbrewery or cidery, sip and savor a glass of wine made with grapes harvested just a few feet away. discover the hudson valley county by county, and use the map to plan your visit.
 
 







click on the map to the right to go to each county's intro page











































agritourism



















history






















arts & culture



















recreation






















attractions



















restaurants






















craft beverages



















shopping


















the hudson valley extends 150 miles above the tip of manhattan.

















designated as a national heritage area






the hudson valley is steeped in history, natural beauty, culture, and a burgeoning food and farmer’s market scene. among many attributes, it’s the oldest wine-producing area in the country, and the magnificent scenery inspired artists whose works became the hudson river school of painters.
lonely planet describes the hudson river valley as “a real city break, with leafy drives, wineries and plenty of farm-to-table foodie options.” national geographic traveler named the hudson valley one of the top 20 must-see destinations in the world. so start planning your visit today!
























fall & winter getaways






















unique stays



































looking to travel to the hudson valley? 
visit our travel trade page for valuable resources.



learn more


 
 

















please choose a file.









please choose a file.









 


































quick links






where to eat
places to stay
about the hudson valley
travel guides
videos
themed itineraries
contact us






connect






follow us

























subscribe for hudson valley news






email (required) *first name *last name zip code *select list(s) to subscribe tonewsletter sign-up example: yes, i would like to receive emails from hudson valley tourism. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact










®i love new york is a registered trademark and service mark of the new york state department of economic development; used with permission.









 
translate » 



































