




welcome to gday pubs | gday pubs - enjoy our great australian pubs







please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
skip to content






pub suppliers

pub insurance specialist: free quote
message on hold for pubs. its easy!

hotel brokers

hotels for sale or lease - victoria

follow us on twitter

follow gdaypubs on twitter!










 


≡
home
about us
pub related trivia
pub trails
for sale or lease
gaz's gear
contact us




hotels and pubs:
nsw
queensland
act
nt
sa
victoria
wa
tasmania
new zealand






nindigully has a population of 6, yet the pub does a roaring trade thanks to its popularity as an outback destination and events like the 4,000 strong new years eve party.



pubs search






 
welcome to gday pubs

join the gday pubs team, travelling around australia, bringing you our great australian pubs since 1998.  find travellers information about our outback and country hotels - accommodation, photography, history, facilities, beers on tap, pubobilia and perhaps meet some locals.
find pubs and plan a trip using maps or lists. on your way to the local, check out the pub maidens galleries and pubobilia. we also pay homage to pubs of our past.
publicans: listing is free and we appreciate your pics, stories and information!  please send pics and any information. cheers!
aussie pubs are a window to their town and it's history and a great place to meet . you can be dined, lunch and dinner, entertained, enjoy a room from clean budget accommodation to adjoining 4 star motel units. most of all enjoy the hospitality.
use our maps to plan weekends (or lifetimes) touring and visiting pubs around oz.
most of the pub photos and information is sent to us by pub enthusiasts from all over the country and this site is a huge group effort. cheers!
gday pubs blog












archer hotel rockhampton - lost to fire - 1 january 2018the archer hotel, formerly known as the balmoral hotel, caught fire, burning the abandoned pub to the ground. more »





tragedy strikes travellers rest hotel thorpdale - 10 april 2017tragedy struck the travellers rest hotel in thorpdale, victoria on 4th april 2017 when it went up in flames in the middle of the night and took the life of the local publican john bantock.  the pub had... more »





a walk down memory lane in halifax, qld - 16 february 2017g'day,  on a recent trip to north queensland i made a small detour and visited halifax. my father's family immigrated to halifax years before ww2; my grandfather cut sugar cane (by hand), my father started... more »





the victoria hotel melbourne - check out the latest update - 31 january 2017for all our avid pub followers and history aficianados, the ibis styles melbourne - the victoria hotel have generously offered new historical photos and information to add to our directory.  check out... more »




news rss feed
gday pubs blog


gday pubs mailbox


kambalda hotel, photo gday pubs
g'day g'day pubs
your website says you're looking to find the longest bar in australia?
well my names davyd hooper owner of kambalda hotel and i'd like to stake claim to having the longest bar in australia at over 60m2 in length.
from what i can see with the mildura workers clubs been redeveloped and captains flat being split in half the records clear.
would  you be interested in setting the story straight? well you're welcome to  visit us and have a drink on me, but don't forget... bring your tape measure.
cheers davyd hooper

bar at the kambalda
photo courtesy davyd hooper
 
join the gday pubs discussion
load comments




royal oak hotel
cessnock, nsw
bruthen inn hotel
bruthen, vic
quarrymans hotel
pyrmont (sydney), nsw



















copyright images and original content © 1997 - 2025 australia gday pty ltd.  all rights reserved.
information and images may be out of date. check before travelling.


home
about gday pubs
privacy & cookies
hosted websites
interesting links
hotels for sale or lease
contact us















