



visual paradox free 3d wallpaper & facebook covers - whats new in 3d wallpapers & facebook covers










 

 



















 








home



newest



shop



questions



sites to see



search



help





















•
•
•
•




welcome to visual paradox free 3d wallpaper & facebook covers
hi-res 3d desktop wallpaper and facebook covers, including virtual home pages & background screens, free for your personal use! your computer wallpaper & facebook cover says a lot about you to everyone who sees it, "oohs" and "ahhs" are a good sign you are impressing people.  look around and find the wallpaper that will make the time at your computer more enjoyable, and get you some "oohs" and "ahhs" as well.  tip: add this site to your list of favorites, and swap yourwallpaper & facebook cover everyday.  ie4+    click here add to favorites or, press "control 'd'" or click this to bookmark on your google 
when people ask where you found that wallpaper, please give them this address!visualparadox.com
 

	
help for first time visitors
new 3d wallpapers and notes this week
3d wallpapers





the scenic real world





real world creatures





sci-fi & fantasy   





humorous wallpaper





objects





abstract





fractals





holidays





top ten wallpaper & covers





all facebook covers





all 3d wallpapers & facebook covers




photographic wallpaper galleries
still working on these pages, here are links to the old ones:





animal photo wallpapers





architecture photo wallpapers





beach photo wallpapers





city photos wallpaper





landmarks photos





transportation





vista photos wallpaper




other galleries
still working on these pages, new stuff in store.




animate your wallpaper





windows 98 startup/shutdown screens



other pages you may not be able to find





awards presented to visual paradox





advertising on visual paradox





contact brian





visit the old visualparadox






    please remember the images are for personal use only.  commercial and website use require a small license fee.
 wallpaper & facebook cover sites may obtain permission to directly link to the wallpaper pages, but not directly to images.










                 
              






keyword search the visual paradox wallpapers & facebook covers








main menu







home



newest



shop



questions



sites to see



search



help





















sites to see






hd wpaper



- see more! -






















all images &
            content are copyright © 1999-2025
            by brian s. kissinger



bookmark visual paradox   -

   link here from your home page!
                    report a broken link or other problem 'here'  - 
                    read the privacy policy
wallpaper & facebook covers home









