ï»¿authentic colorado dude ranch | lost valley ranch      toggle navigation    check availabilityt. 303-647-2311abouthistorylocationlodginggroupsdiningspringratesactivitiesgroupssummerratesactivities children & teensfallratesactivitiesspecialty weeksgroupsgallery lost valley ranch sedalia, coloradoexperience authentic western hospitality at lost valley ranchfresh mountain air, idyllic green pastures, and crystal-clear fishing waters are yours at lost valley ranch. our sedalia, colorado dude ranch is the epitome of the old west, where guests come to connect with the outdoors and each other. horseback riding, quiet hikes, and so much more make for memories of a lifetime. spring rates & details links to page about content spring summer rates & details links to page about content summer fall rates & details links to page about content fall experience the beauty of  colorado view gallery  links to page about content experience the beauty of  colorado about usfor more than 60 years, we have been providing unforgettable colorado guest ranch experiences for families and adventurers alike. we would love for you to come experience our brand of western hospitality.learn morerustic lodginglounge swings on the porch surrounded by whispering pines are an ideal respite after a long day on the trails. one-, two-, and three-bedroom cabin suites await you, impeccably designed in traditional western style to create just the right ambiance for relaxation or family fun.learn moredininggood food and even better company are served three times a day as part of your all-inclusive stay at lost valley ranch. whether eaten in the dining room or enjoyed picnic-style out on the lawn, our delicious homecooked meals will fuel your daily adventures on the ranch.learn morefaqcontactprivacy policyweb accessibilityweather  facebook    instagram    tripadvisor lost valley ranch  29555 goose creek rd sedalia,, colorado 80135 united states    t.  303-647-2311 hotel website design by vizergy©. all rights reserved. call us location book now