











naples neurosurgery: a division of neuroscience and spine associates
















































































            naples neurosurgery: a division of neuroscience and spine associates, p. l. 
 
 schedule appointment













customer support & sales
646-325-0357



working time
mon - sat : 08:00 - 18:00
 
















                menu              
homekyphoplasty/compression fractureswhy nasa?location 













 





 

get back 

in thegame 

schedule asecond opinion 

 







 

help to ease 

backpain 

discovering the best treatment plan for your condition 

our skilled surgeons 

 







 

medicare approved 

kyphoplasty 

quickly reduce back pain,
minimally invasive,
out-patient procedure 

our specialties 

 







 

rehabilitation 

strokerecovery 

we work with a teamof doctors & therapiststo help you recover. 

our specialties 

 







 

benefits of maintaining 

an active lifestyle 

reduced blood pressure, lower cholesterol, normalized blood sugar, & reduced risk of stroke 

our skilled surgeons 

 







 

fast & effecient 

workers  comp 

help to return injured workers back to work as quickly as possible 

our specialties 

 



 








meet the doctors







mark gerber, md
neurosurgery: spine care & rehabilitation
read bio










paul richard, md
endovascular neurosurgery, general neurosurgery
read bio










mark b. frenkel, m.d, m.a.
neurosurgery: spine and brain surgery
read bio










benjamin j. ditty, m.d.
neurosurgery
read bio










gennadiy katsevman, md
neurosurgery: minimally invasive spine
read bio










emeritus: michael lusk, md
neurosurgery: spine care & rehabilitation
read bio





our primary focus is patient care. once we have concluded a comprehensive assessment of the patient’s condition, we can plan a rehabilitative or therapeutic regimen with our neurologists. in some cases, this plan includes neurosurgery.


schedule todayschedule appointment
set up an appointment with some of florida’s leading physicians
services availableneurosurgery specialties


the range of expertise within our practice enables us to provide the post comprehensive care, working with patients and their caregivers from diagnosis to treatment, and ultimately to recovery. our neurosurgeons have expertise in all forms of spinal and cranial surgery as well as peripheral nerve procedures. they specialize in a wide range of treatments for brain tumors as well as spinal instrumentation.


spinalkyphoplastycranialvascularstereotacticoncologicalperipheral nerveworkers' compensationschedule an appointmentschedule today



 how to schedule an appointment


if you already have a provider and want to schedule an appointment, please complete the form and select your specialist. you can also reach your doctor’s office to schedule an appointment by calling their direct phone line below.
if you have never been a patient of ours before, we are happy to assist you in finding the best treatment for your situation.






 contact us




mark b. frenkel, md, ma(239) 649-1662mark gerber, md(239) 649-1662paul richard, md(239) 649-1662neurosurgerynews & informationstereotactic neurosurgeryread moretips for a healthy brain at any ageread more7 interesting facts about the brainread more










neurosurgeon
a neurosurgeon is a physician who specializes in the diagnosis and surgical treatment of disorders of the central and peripheral nervous system including congenital anomalies, trauma, tumors, vascular disorders, infections of the brain or spine, degenerative disease of the spine (cervical, lumbar, and thoracic area), pain instability, and spine disorder leading to nerve compression.

 
neuroscience and spine associates is florida’s leading practitioners in neurology, neurosurgery, pain management, and orthopedics.
learn more

contact us
mark gerber, md
(239) 649-1662


michael lusk, md
(239) 649-1662


paul richard, md
(239) 649-1662


mark frenkel, md, ma
(239) 649-1662

neurosurgery procedures

spinal
kyphoplasty
cranial
vascular
stereotactic
oncological
peripheral nerve
workers' comp









    © 2017 naples neurosurgery all rights reserved. this information is continually being updated by michael d. lusk, m.d    

disclaimer
privacy policy
image use
rgb web design
 


top






 
















