






richmond power & light
















































skip to content













menu



billing & payments

pay online
billing options
payment assistance
service responsibilities
rates & charges


services

customer service policies
residential customers
commercial customers
industrial customers


start, stop, & move

start service
stop service
move service


outages

report an outage
view current outages
outage preparation
street light outages


safety & education

news
call before you dig
electrical safety
solar power
net metering
how to be more efficient
renewable energy
green tips
tree planting instructions
impa energy calculators
resources & links
system peak
weather cam
ccr rule compliance data and information


 pay online
contact
search 





how can we assist you?pay my billstart, stop, moveoutages

  easily access your account with the smarthub appsmarthub is our mobile app that allows you to pay your bill from your mobile device, review account information, and more.
register for smarthub  latest newsview all news 





1.21.2025 henderson, kentucky mutual aid


		        we appreciate the efforts of four of our linemen who responded to the call to assist the city of henderson,…            

read more









9.12.2024 electrician “c” opening




read more









8.14.2024 call before you dig


		        homeowners and diy’ers often make risky calculations regarding whether or not they should get their utility linesmarked before they begin…            

read more









3.6.2023 pay your bill 24/7


		        smarthub is our new mobile app that allows you to pay your bill from your mobile device.            

read more




  net meteringnet metering customers have a meter that measures both what the customer uses (consumption or delivered energy) and what the customer puts back onto the electric grid with their solar system (generation or received energy). the customer is only billed for their “net” energy use, the difference between what they consumed and the excess they generated in that billing period.
learn more    feel good about your electric servicerichmond power & light is active in pursuing feasible renewable energy technologies. rp&l will make every attempt to deliver the best renewable energy technology to our customers.
renewable energy   










richmond power & light
2000 us hwy 27 south p.o. box 908 richmond, in 47375





customer service office
765-973-7200
44 south 8th streetrichmond, in 47374


hours
monday - friday7:30 am - 4:30 pm


 

        




                        © 2025 richmond power & light. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
terms & conditions





 powered by irongate
















