




spartan scientific













































































































a step ahead of the competition
the newly released stepper 12 is described as a self-contained media separated electronic proportional flow control valve designed for highly accurate, electronically controlled, variable flow control of inert fluids and gases.
most proportional valves require constant power to maintain their position. however, the step 12 saves energy by maintaining its position with minimal power and needs only 60ma after/when position is found and maintains a steady state.
applications for the step12 are limited only by your imagination!

















 

 















home

about us

news

products

markets

engineering info

spartan iot

distributors

contact













about us spartan scientific was formed in 1987 with a mission to redefine industrial solenoid valves and related products.  we strive to meet tough challenges with innovative design and offer high quality products.
 



testimonials

our philosophy
spartan customer focus is our goal
cost efficiency, quality & rapid response
terms of sale and restocking
quality policy
environmental policy
our corporate culture
quality objectives
scope statement
warranty informationterms

factory tour video













products spartan scientific offers a large selection of solenoid valves and solenoid valve accessories. check out our entire product line here.
 



solenoid valve operators

direct acting solenoid valves

media separated solenoid valves

condensation removal drain valves

air piloted valves

diaphragm process solenoid valves

sales aids

media separated air piloted valves

featured on social media

proportional flow control valves













markets served spartan scientific strives to meet tough challenges with innovative design. if you do not see a specific valve or accessory, please ask one of our sales consultants for additional information or the possibility of producing a special product for your application.  specials are our standard!
 



air ride suspension systems 
accumulation conveyor industry 
medical 
automotive/chemical washing 
food industry 
lubrication 
humidification 
automation 
gas/emission sampling 
chemical dispensing 
drinking water 
water processing 
beverage dispensing 
irrigation 
produce preservation/misting 
food processing 
pulp & paper 
dust control 
wine/beer brewing 
harsh chemical handling/dispensing 
r/o water 
steam industry 
process industry 
granite cutting/processing 
high pressure 
water/condensation drain valves 
life sciences 
ventilators 












spartan support 
if you need help, let our expert engineering or sales team give you a hand. whether you need to download files or chat with our customer support, we are here to help.
 


engineering support
sales support














internet of things 
the internet of things (iot) is the network of physical objects or "things" embedded with electronics, software, sensors and connectivity to enable it to achieve greater value and service by exchanging data with the manufacturer, operator and/or other connected devices. each thing is uniquely identifiable through its embedded computing system but is able to interoperate within the existing internet infrastructure.
 


 spartan scientific has added this functionality to our crdv/s valve, accompanied by our proprietary mobile app. want to know more? click here.












you should know 
to keep with all the industry news from spartan scientific, check it out here.
 


news & press releases
spartan videos

trade show news













request a quote 
if you'd like to receive a quote on a special application, please fill out the form below and one of our representatives will contact you at the earliest convenience. thank you.    click here
 
download catalog 
click below to download our complete buyer's guide. to order a printed copy of our catalog, please fill out the form on the "contact us" page.    click here











 shipping your order 
our product fullfillment stations will receive your orders using state-of-the-art software, and package each piece quickly, and correctly. we guarantee it. in a hurry? click below to track your package. 








stay up to date with our monthly emails and newsletter










your email is safe with us, we don't spam



about us

products

engineering information

spartan iot

contact

location





spartan scientific


			230 mcclurg rd.

            youngstown, oh 44512 united states



(330) 758-8446
(330) 758-3314






 




social media

  
        

















- - ventilator valves for your medical device - -



series 3827 - direct acting solenoid valve



apvs series - air piloted media separated valves



series 3822 - direct acting solenoid valve
























