


stevens point wisconsin bed and breakfast - dreams of yesteryear bed and breakfast





























 
bonnie@dreamsofyesteryear.com or call










enter your search terms





dreamsofyesteryear

web
submit search form












dreams of yesteryear
										home


								bed and breakfast 
									rooms and amenities

 make a reservation

 what's for breakfast 
online tour of thebed and breakfast

meet the owners

bed and breakfast
									vacation packages

receptions and 
									special events

things to do in 
										central wisconsin







this stevens point web site designed and maintained by promotion web design.














stevens point wisconsin bed and breakfast




dreams of yesteryear victorian bed and breakfast is just a couple of blocks from the banks of the wisconsin river, and a few minutes stroll from historic downtown stevens point, in the heart of wisconsin.
the queen anne victorian house is listed on the national register of historic places. built in 1901 by j.l. jensen, it was designed for architect j.h. jeffers, who is famous for having designed the wisconsin exhibit for the 1904 st. louis world's fair.


come stay in the kind of place victorian dreams are made of!  this beautifully restored stevens point bed and breakfast treats guests to the best of modern day luxury, while surrounded by the charms of yesteryear.




 
the bed and breakfast experience
dreams of yesteryear b&b has been beautifully restored and each room is decorated with antiques and victorian style. but guests will enjoy all the modern comforts, including wireless high-speed internet.
no stay is complete without a delicious gourmet breakfast, including such delights as pecan- or strawberry-stuffed french toast, blueberry pancakes, or eggs benedict among other morning delights.
we invite you to explore our website for an online tour of the house and guest rooms, and to learn about the attractions and events in central wisconsin. we're glad you stopped by, and look forward to meeting you in person when you stay with us at dreams of yesteryear bed and breakfast!









enjoy the photo tour below produced by a dreams of yesteryear guest.









articles by bonnie maher, owner of dreams of yesteryear bed and breakfast

historical article - a house full of history
																					the home of dreams of yesteryear bed and breakfast, the j.l. jensen house, was featured first in the stevens point journal's reach section, and later in a victorian homes magazine article.  this is an updated version of that article. 
looking for a room?  consider this!
																				if you've never stayed in a b&b before, here's why to consider a room at a bed and breakfast rather than a hotel.
visit a historic stevens point church
																				learn about this prominent local landmark and its interesting history.
choosing a housekeeper
																				ever wonder how bed and breakfast owners have such neat homes?  learn the secret!
stevens point lawyers
																				a dreams of yesteryear history article about the legal minds who have lived at the historic home.


















dreams of yesteryear bed and breakfast

nutty oat cakes
1 ½ cups skim milk
¾ cup quick or regular oats
1 cup flour
1 ½ tsp. baking powder
½ to ¾ tsp. cinnamon
¼ tsp. baking soda
1 beaten egg and 3 beaten egg whites (or two eggs)
2 tbsp. cooking oil
2 tbsp. molasses
¼ cup chopped pecans












                                                                                      
heat milk over low heat until hot.  do not bring it to a boil.  stir in oats and remove from heat.  let stand 5 minutes.  add next 4 ingredients, then add next 3 ingredients and stir into oat mixture.  add nuts.cook until golden brown in lightly greased skillet or griddle.  serve with real wisconsin maple syrup.
                                                                                  
																					
more bed and breakfast recipes












located within stevens point's downtown business association district.















home area at dreams whirlpool suite breakfast contact dining florence myrna gardens garelds
heritage isabella jensen location maids owners parlors porches portage
reserve room features water bed and breakfast gift certificates

copyright © 1998-2021 - dreams of yesteryear bed and breakfast - all rights reserved
									1100 brawley street - stevens point, wi 54481 - (715) 341-4525
web design by promotion web design- stevens point, wisconsin











