


















rahway police department | rahway, nj








 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    how do i...      government      services      community  


 

 

 

 





 















 
homegovernmentdepartmentsrahway police department












rahway police department		




  
 



  
 



  
 
 




   
 

  



mission statement the rahway police department is made up of a dedicated and diverse group of police professionals who are committed to working with the community to make the city of rahway a safe and desirable place to live, work or visit. our mission is to partner with the community to promote peace, solve problems and improve public safety in a manner that is fair, impartial, and transparent. core values integrityintegrity is the hallmark of the rahway police department. we are committed to the highest performance standards, ethical conduct and truthfulness in all relationships. we hold ourselves accountable for our actions and take pride in a professional level of service to all. respectwe treat all persons in a dignified and courteous manner and exhibit understanding of ethnic and cultural diversity both in our professional and personal endeavors. we guarantee to uphold the principles and values embodied in the constitution of the united states and the state of new jersey. servicewe believe that every member of our team has valuable skills that will contribute to our combined success. utilizing these skills, we will enhance the quality of life for our citizenry through a concerted effort, adopting a pro-active approach to policing. fairness we treat all people impartially with consideration and compassion. we are equally responsive to our employees and the community we serve. 



 
 


  

  
 







 

  


 
 
 
 


  
 


  



see the most recent messages from rahway police department, powered by nixle.sign up to receive messages by email & text message.


 

  
 





contact usphonenon-emergency (732)-388-1900 emergencies please dial 9-1-1address1 city hall plazarahway nj, 07065united statessee map: google maps



 
 






news flash








historical artifact discovered in rahway 

a massive sandstone cylinder, weighing 1,350lbs, believed to be of native american or early colonial origin, was identified in the city of rahway in december of 2023.				read on...




update 2/29: traffic light analysis - intersection of st. georges ave., route 27, & route 35 

mayor raymond a. giacobbe enlisted the new jersey department of transportation (dot) engineering division to investigate the timing cycles for the traffics lights at the intersection of st. georges ave., route 27, and route 35.				read on...




city of rahway announces film ready certification 

the city of rahway is excited to announce its status as an officially certified film ready community through the new jersey motion picture and television commission (njmptvc).				read on...





view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 



 





about the department





department history




how to join






public information





press releases




u-visas & t-visas 






administration




body-worn cameras




firearms




hire an off duty police officer




internal affairs




patrol division




records bureau





crash reports






juvenile bureau





internet safety tips




parental guides




mvp program






project medicine drop





 





 














agendas & minutes








employment opportunities








report a concern










 
 














activity registration








online payments








notify me®










 
 
 



 







contact us







the city of rahway1 city hall plazarahway, nj 07065phone: 732-827-2000rahway directoryhours of operation:monday through friday8:30 am to 4:30 pm
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







about rahway



dpw garbage / recycling schedule 2023



bids / rfps / rfqs



forms and information



city’s flood insurance & protection information



rahway tv 34 live stream









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







faqs








how do i pay my city water bill?


when are the elections?


when are municipal offices closed?


how do i apply for a job with the city?


my trash didn't get picked up, what should i do now?








/faq.aspx




 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









