















leading software for nonprofits, education, and csr










































			skip to content		


		main navigation	



 
products 

popular products

raiser’s edge nxtfundraising and donor management
etapestryfundraising for small and growing organisations
blackbaud crmenterprise relationship management for large charities
blackbaud grantmakingpowerful grant management for funders
justgiving from blackbaudonline fundraising for charities and individuals
award managementscholarship and award management for universities
merchant servicescharity payment processing
software servicesimplementation, optimisation and consulting
corporate social responsibilityemployee giving and volunteering
 

view all products






solutions 


solutions by need



fundraising and relationship managementonline fundraising with justgiving
performance analysis and benchmarking
grants and award managementgrant management, awards, and reporting
scholarship management for universities
 

servicespayment services
implementation, optimisation and consulting services
corporate social responsibilityemployee giving and volunteering
 



solutions by organization type

charities and not-for-profits
arts and cultural organisations
healthcare organisations
schools and colleges
higher education institutions
trusts and foundations
 


view all solutions






why blackbaud 

our companydiscover what sets blackbaud apart
corporate social responsibiltyour commitment to support our employees and communities
customer storiessee how others make a difference with blackbaud
blackbaud institute
flexible ecosystemsoftware that grows with you
 




resources 


resources and researchresources for european organisationsresearch and best practice resources for european organisations
global insightsresearch from the blackbaud institute
 




partnersexplore our marketplaceextend your solutions. amplify your impact. partner with us to tap into new markets, innovate, and grow.
become a partnerjoin blackbaud's partner program to build, sell, refer, and service our unmatched solutions for social impact.
 

communityblackbaud communityconnect, share best practices and support with other blackbaud customers
knowledgebasefind answers to your questions about blackbaud solutions
 





                    support across generations | report                


                        learn how to engage gen z, millennials, gen x, and baby boomers.                    







view all resources






training and support 

support loginproblem with your blackbaud solution? chat to support now.
system requirementsproduct requirmeents for installing and upgrading
support overview and resourcesthe resource, knowledge and expertise you need to excel
blackbaud university
training options
explore our curriculum
knowledgebase
community
how-to documentation
 

chat with us






request a demo 


sign in





search

additional learning and help resourcesblackbaud university
how-to documentation
knowledgebase
blackbaud id
support
 


request a demo
















 

 




essential software
for the people who change the world.
request a demo













software built for fundraising, grantmaking, csr and more. fuelling bigger, bolder impact — everywhere.






millions


of users in
100+ countries






£100b+


raised, granted, or invested
through our software annually






100%


focused on social impact:
charities + foundations, csr, and more















explore what’s possible.
purpose-built solutions for:









enhance your fundraising
increase your revenue
through ticketing, marketing
and crm management.

















boost your grantmaking
increase your revenue through marketing and crm management.

















deepen your impact with expert services
accomplish your mission with the right team of experts by your side.

















strengthen
your csr
easily manage your employee engagement programs.

















streamline your education solutions
deepen alumni engagement, increase revenue & enhance community outreach.






















we understand what’s at stake when you count on us.
explore customer stories









                                we chose blackbaud due to its reputation as the gold standard for charity databases.                            

                                lorena cela                            

                                 head of it and database,                             

                                sarcoma uk                            













































































expertise is built in.
blackbaud software is designed for your organisation’s core business needs. built for wins, not workarounds.
explore our solutions for:






arts and cultural organisations







higher education institutions







foundations







schools







healthcare organisations







charities


























latest resources






 



                        resource                    

                        report                    

the status of uk fundraising: 2024 benchmark report
        discover the latest nonprofit fundraising trends in the uk and benchmark your performance against data from 850+ industry professionals.        
learn more




 



                        resource                    

                        report                    

charitable support across generations in the uk and ireland
        research report on the charitable support habits and preferences of gen z, millennials, gen x, and boomers across the uk and ireland        
learn more


 







8,000+
partners and developers
in our network













flexible ecosystem
with blackbaud, you can grow without outgrowing your tech. from developer tools to low-code automations, to an ever-growing partner network, we’ve got you covered.
explore what’s possible











the latest at blackbaud






 




press releases 

u.k. charities and universities select blackbaud software to maximise impact
            blackbaud is helping u.k. customers maximise their impact with technology innovations that enable charities and universities to raise more funds and streamline their operations. from martlets to the british film institute, royal navy & royal marines charity, and more, organisations across the u.k. and around the world are leveraging blackbaud software to increase their impact and achieve their missions.…
        

read more




 




press releases 

new features in blackbaud grantmaking streamline grant applications for both funders and applicants
            blackbaud has announced exciting new capabilities within blackbaud grantmaking™, including a new applicant-centric portal and an ai-powered form builder, to make it easier than ever for nonprofits to apply for grants and for grantmakers to select nonprofits to fund. blackbaud grantmaking is a grants management software that manages the entire grantmaking lifecycle for funders, from accepting online applications to assessing and communicating outcomes in one easy to use system.…
        

read more


 













ready to fuel your impact?
request a customised demo to see how blackbaud software will help your team achieve its goals.








all fields required





 

thank you for your inquiry.
a blackbaud representative will be in touch with you shortly.
prefer to chat now?
click here if you’d like to speak directly to a blackbaud representative, today.

















								chat with us							

contact us






company

our leadership
corporate & social  responsibility
newsroom
cybersecurity
privacy resource center
careers


training

blackbaud university
blackbaudu campus
explore our curriculum
training subscriptions
continuing education
blackbaud certification


support

support login
knowledgebase
system requirements
downloads
how-to documentation


partners and developers

become a partner
partner portal
our flexible ecosystem
contact us


 





							chat with us						














 

acceptable use policy
manage cookies
privacy policy
terms of use
 
					© 2025 blackbaud, inc. all rights reserved.				



select your region

europe
united states
canada
pacific



























