







broker.xxx - the leading adult broker™ | buy & sell adult websites







































 
 marketplace  websites domains   about sellers  how it works wanted   news events contact 

 
    

 sign up log in









big acquisitions. big exits.


have you ever wanted to enter the adult industry,
expand your existing porn empire,
or exit your adult website?


known as the dealmaker™ we are the most respected
broker for buying and selling adult websites, domains,
and businesses. we represent the buyers and sellers for
premium adult properties that are currently for sale and
available for purchase. best of all, it's free to try.

 buyers sellers

new listings



 new! 
feb 10, 2025
highly successful onlyfans agency
this is a rare opportunity to acquire a highly successful onlyfans agency, featuring an exceptional model...
adult, business

 $880,000 view listing 

 new! 
feb 6, 2025
established ppv creator platform
this listing is an exciting and well established creator platform that generated over $100,000 in revenues...
business

 $89,950 view listing 

 new! 
jan 31, 2025
ai girlfriend traffic business
seize this exceptional opportunity to tap into the rapidly growing ai girlfriend market with four...
artificial intelligence (ai), business, website

 $1,392,000 view listing 

 new! 
jan 16, 2025
ai virtual soulmates platform
step into the future of digital relationships with a groundbreaking pair of ai properties designed to...
artificial intelligence (ai), business, website

 $45,000 view listing 




featured listings 



  
jan 20, 2025
million-dollar profits ai porn platform
do you want to be at the forefront of generative adult ai technology? this opportunity includes fully custom...
adult, artificial intelligence (ai), website

 $1,600,000 view listing 

  
dec 19, 2024
prosperous chat agency
the digital revolution has rewritten the rules of fame and fortune, and few platforms embody this...
business

 $275,000 view listing 

  
dec 3, 2024
toe-tally awesome foot fetish platform
stop dragging your feet and step up your game! foot fetishes are among the most common sexual interests...
adult, business

 $1,110,000 view listing 

  reduced 
aug 24, 2024
famous bdsm and fetish authority website
don’t miss an amazing opportunity to become a leading voice in the bdsm and femdom community by...
adult, website

 $63,000 view listing  enter marketplace to view all 




   most experience   we negotiated our first website purchase in 2001 and have been doing business for decades with over 21 years of adult industry experience.    award winning service   respect and reputation is everything. our award-winning team will professionally handle your entire transaction from listing, to finding a buyer, to transition, and closing the sale.    more buyers   as industry veterans, our direct private client list is extensive. combined with our partner marketing options means an audience of over 100,000 potential buyers.    fair valuations   we will evaluate your business and determine a fair market range based on many factors, even if you decide not to list your property.    low commissions   we work harder and charge less than any other adult industry broker, that's why we guarantee it.    biggest marketplace   with over 1,000 listings and growing, broker is the largest adult marketplace on the planet.  learn more about broker.xxx 



  types of properties we broker
  paysites   any website, any niche   freesites   tubes, blogs, review, etc.   domains   adult and mainstream   whitelabels   any website, any niche   sex toys and technology   any website, any niche   ecommerce   any website, any niche  get a free valuation today!





  brad m. [domains seller, nov 2022]  i have found myself so impressed with results from broker.xxx. in the past i have used companies like sedo, afternic and escrow.com to assist with domain sales, purchases and transfers. i have had more success with broker.xxx in the last 12 months selling domains from my portfolio than anywhere else over the last 23 years. there will always be other places where you can list your domains or businesses for less fees, but in my opinion there aren't more qualified or trustworthy people than jay and jimmy to negotiate and sell your assets. results matter! broker.xxx makes an excellent effort and has really delivered results.

  kyle, hugely profitable tubesite [buyer, dec 2021]  as a first time purchaser, jay was incredibly helpful in identifying our needs and providing us with an asset to start our journey into the adult sector. he was incredibly knowledgeable and always available to help us with questions that we had. we certainly recommend broker.xxx and look forward to working with the team on future opportunities.

  hank, fetish paysite network [seller, june 2021]  broker.xxx displayed the utmost skill and professionalism in facilitating the sale of our affiliate program. the company has solid contacts among potential buyers and they managed to broker a deal to the satisfaction of all parties. we can highly recommend broker.xxx for any purchasing or selling needs in adult.

  roland, fetish paysite network [buyer, june 2021]  we bought a small fetish network through broker.xxx. everything went  smooth and easy. good communication, clear directions. would definitely  buy here again if the right opportunity  comes up.

  gabriel, cartoonprn.com [seller, feb 2021]  first of all - it was a pleasure to have dealt with such professionalism. it  was a fast sale, i didn’t expected to sell my assets this fast. the  transaction went smooth and easily with jay’s help and knowledge in this  field. everything was professionally taken care of during the sale process. i thank you very much for helping me with the sale and guiding me through the process. i can't truly explain how much you helped me with this. i highly recommend broker.xxx to anyone who is looking to sale or buy adult websites - they are real professionals.

  jack, fleshbot.com [buyer, may 2021]  having completed multiple acquisitions through broker.xxx we found jay and his team to be extremely helpful and insightful.  we highly recommend them if the need and opportunity arises

  scott, rocketboys.net [seller, june 2021]  broker.xxx was able to easily find a buyer for my whitelabel website and was able to sell it for a fair price. thanks jay and team!

  rico p, fameregistry.com [website buyer, march 2021] broker.xxx eliminated the risks involved in purchasing a new site. they handled everything with the utmost professionalism and walked us through every step of the way. broker remained responsive during the entire process, while retrieving questions that we had for the seller. the professionalism remained even after funds had been processed, and ensuring that the purchased platform was of the expected quality for us seemed their number one priority. overall, i had a great and stress-free experience buying through broker. trusted, reputable and highly recommended!

  john s, fetishaffiliates.com [website seller, march 2021] i sold my paysite network with broker.xxx and got a good multiple of the annual gross revenues. the transaction and website transfers went smoothly, and i want to thank you so much for helping me find a friendly buyer who is going to take good care of my sites. after such a great experience i would never work with another adult website broker!

  v, jpegworld.com [website seller, jan 2021] my experience with selling jpegworld with broker.xxx was quick, easy, and professionally handled from start to finish of the process. jimmy and jay both were helpful in answering any questions i had and payment was promptly sent after everything was transferred. we received full asking price for the property and couldn't be happier.

  joe, mrpinks.com [website seller, july 2020] working with jay on selling one of my properties was a fantastic experience. what i thought was going to be a frustrating and overly complicated process, turned out to be simple and flawless. the sale and transfer was so easy that i would without a doubt return to broker.xxx with my next sale. i highly recommend working with jay and broker.xxx.

  tim s. domain seller [sept 2020] thanks to jay at broker.xxx, my domain name was sold quickly and at a nice profit. received my funds the day after the domain transfer completed! thanks again jay!

  bg media domain buyer [sept 2020] broker.xxx was a fantastic partner in helping us purchase a critical domain in our growing hentai portfolio. our representative went above and beyond, keeping us up to date about negotiation updates, domain transfer updates, and recommendations they had throughout the process. i would not hesitate recommending broker.xxx to my colleagues and network in assisting with their adult domain needs. i have had contact with other broker organizations in the past, and have found their "pushiness" a big detractor. i receive regular updates in a clear and concise fashion and i plan to do business with broker.xxx in the future.

  rob h. domain seller [sept 2020] i sold domains with broker after getting a fast offer. even though the team at broker have been in the adult industry for a long time, the in-house escrow made me nervous. but after i transferred my domains to the buyer, i was paid the very next day. no problems, thanks!

  jay t. domain seller [sept 2020] i offered a couple of domains for sale to broker.xxx. they always stayed in touch during the process and paid me as soon as the domain transfers completed.




a broker.xxx event series


escape the ordinary with our private luxury dining experiences.
hosted by the dealmaker himself (founder and ceo of broker.xxx) 
who hand-selects the world's best restaurants from his decades of jetsetting adventures.

 view upcoming events →




news from broker.xxx 

 broker.xxx   | feb 3, 2025   | newsthe domain-dropping dillemma
the problem with domains is that most people have too many of them.  like other things we accumulate, every registered domain means something to us. oftentimes, it is the dream of that project you wanted to do (but never did). we keep each dream... read more
 broker.xxx   | jan 10, 2024   | newsmotivated la 2024: resilience series
motivated continues for another season of deep conversations with influential leaders of business. this time, you’re invited to xbiz la 2024 where i (juicy jay, founder of broker.xxx) will be kicking off the show and sitting down with two... read more
 broker.xxx   | sep 8, 2023   | newsare you ready to be motivated?
during his 25-year career in the adult industry, broker.xxx founder and ceo juicy jay has had the benefit of doing real business with most every major adult company. he has had meetings with, partied with, and dined with hundreds of influential... read more read more news 



 
known as the dealmaker™ we are the most respected adult broker for buying and selling adult websites, adult domains, and adult businesses. 
 marketplace buyers sellers

  login / signup  about news  academy / help  contact 

  advertising   affiliate referrals   we’re hiring!   terms of service   privacy policy  

   sign up to receive all the latest properties directly to your inbox.  sign up


© broker.xxx 2023 — all rights reserved  followfollowfollowfollow 














