


aeon journal of myth and science
































new! must read!

the electric sky by
donald e. scott
how plasma cosmology and the electric sun theories challenge the big bang model


"god star" by
dwardu cardona
which sets out to show that the sky which ancient man saw, was enitirely differnt from the one we see now.


thunderbolts
of the gods

the new monograph by david talbott and wallace thornhill








in the latest issue

aeon vi:6oct 2005





falling star - ev cochrane

the opening of the mouth ritual - part iii - ken moss

citing the work of others: a critique by lewis m greenberg

science, technology and the chronology of the ancient world by trevor palmer

sins of the father by ev cochrane

pillars of straw by dwardu cardona

egyptian influence upon early israelite literature by jay d'ambrosio





books

martian metamorphoses:
the planet mars in ancient myth and religion
by ev cochrane.

the many faces of venus:
the planet venus in ancient myth and religion
by ev cochrane

more links




























special offer worth £30 (~ $55) below


aeon is a journal of myth, science, and ancient history specializing in archaeoastronomy and.comparative mythology.

the journal explores the evidence for global catastrophes and interplanetary upheaval in the recent past, seeking out the implications for the affected disciplines. aeon is designed to encourage independent investigation, to speed up the process of communicating findings to others, and to foster a wider debate as to the interpretation of new data.




why should anyone care about myth?
thunderbolts in mythology
free sample articles
back issues (click vol nos for details)




subscriptions are $40 per year ($55 outside north america) and entitle the subscriber to three book-length issues. for a list of back issues and examples of previously published articles, click on the buttons to the left. aeon is published about once a year or so.

payment by check (in us dollars drawn on a us bank), or by credit card via www.paypal.com (click buttons below):





subscribe to aeon journalbuy now with paypal by credit card(3 consecutive issues)


























special offer worth about $60 (£30)
sign up now, and get  a free access code
worth £30 (about $55) for use at catastrophism! online,
the world's biggest archive of catastrophist literature.

catastrophism online!

buy the catastrophism cd-rom nowsubscribe to aeon and save $80





























aeon is published by ev cochrane, po box 1092, ames ia, 50014. usa, fax at +1 (515) 292-2603, email; ev@aeonjournal.com web: www.maverickscience.com



aeon is edited by dwardu cardona who can be contacted by email at editor@aeonjournal.com)














 [aeon]  [back issues]  [articles]



hosted by knowledge computing







