













home - myers mixers | your mixer and disperser solution!




























































































home
about

white papers and articles
videos and media
news and press releases
industries and applications


parts & service

disperser blades


products

mixers and dispersers
stock dispersion equipment
basket mill
laboratory equipment
medium to high viscosity
ram press
safety features
controls


services

application checklist
laboratory test request
myers testing lab
mill test form


contact myers

email subscription


 


see us at acma

see us at camx
dial it in - free assessment








myers – your industrial mixing and dispersion equipment solutions partner.
myers mixers – a world leader in industrial mixing and dispersing equipment. the myers mixers design and manufacture of mixing and dispersing equipment has stood the true test of time. with over seventy years of engineering excellence, technology, and experience, myers produces some of the most innovative industrial mixing and dispersing equipment in the industry.
dedicated to the specific needs of its customers, myers’ worldwide customer base relies on the innovation of a long time leader with core capabilities in industries such as adhesives and sealants, composites, paint and coatings, inks, aerospace, marine, and construction coatings, electronic pastes and many more. from simple dispersing to complex compounding of high-viscosity materials, myers mixers offers an equipment solution for your products and process.
tri-shaft model 550/500hot melt mixer  dual shaft model 550ai600/500 horizontal mixerreciprocating mixers



find your mixer

industryadhesive and sealantsaerospaceagriculturecoatingscompositesconstructionelectronichouseholdpaint and inkpersonal productsrubberwater purificationproduct typeagitatorbasket millcontrolsdual shafthorizontal mixerslaboratorymulti-shaftram discharge pressesreciprocating mixerrotor statorsingle shaftsmall batchtank mountthrough-the-floorprocessesagitating/blendingdispersingdissolvingemulsifyinghomogenizinghot meltsliquid/liquid mixing and emulsionsliquid/powder incorporationliquid/solid mixing and millingnano particle introductionpre - preg mixingsiliconessuspending

search




over 75 years of experience








did you know?
myers mixers service the auto industry for body fillers, waxes, finishes, paints, adhesives and sealants, plastisols, underbody coatings, fabrics and dyes.




8376 salt lake avenue, cudahy, ca 90201 | sales@myersmixers.comtel: (877) 212-4455 | direct fax: (323) 771-7789copyright © 2025 myers mixers, llc all rights reserved.


(877) 212-4455































