


















bulk material handling - hapman



















































 







24/7 support
reviews
search


equipment & systems conveyors helix® flexible screw conveyor tubular drag conveyors cablepro™ tubepro™ 
vacuum conveyors 
bag handling automated bag unloaders bulk bag fillers bulk bag unloaders small bag compactors small bag dump stations valve bag fillers 
process feeders liquid/solid systems lump breakers systems 

services engineering application assessment installation & startup managed maintenance program controls & automation
our solutions operating solutions process inefficiencies material degradation cleanability dusting segregation batching 
industry solutions chemical & pharma food industry polymers & plastics vivarium research building products mining & minerals power generation wastewater treatment battery material handling 

resources & knowledge tools bulk material density guide product configurators 
application expertise case studies insights brochures video gallery see all efficiency in batching & blending: 4 common challenges and how to fix them
about us hapman advantages careers compliance standards
contact contact hapman new equipment sales parts request service request 24/7 support









bulk material handling equipment that keeps you moving
welcome to hapman, where the design and manufacturing of the best material handling equipment is driven by your specific application needs, and supported by unparalleled design expertise.


find your solution









equipment and systems
conveying, bag handling and processing solutions






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9





10
11
12
13
14
15






1. tubular drag conveyor 
product captured between flights is moved en masse exposing it to very little turbulence during its transfer. only a small percentage is ever in contact with the pipe wall minimizing the potential for abrasive degradation. the tubular drag conveyor’s totally enclosed, dust-tight design makes it an obvious candidate for handling and containing dusty, noxious, toxic, or explosive hazardous materials.

learn more



2. bulk bag unloader 
empty bags quickly and safely, even in classified or sanitary environments. modular components are designed for the specific application, and a complete range of options ensures your materials flow properly.

learn more



3. pneumatic conveyor 
highly efficient vacuum conveying systems utilizing regenerative blowers requiring less power and plant air than typical pneumatic conveying technology leading to low operating and install costs.

learn more



4. helix® flexible screw conveyor 
hapman helix® flexible screw conveyors are the most efficient, flexible and easy to operate and maintain conveyors on the market. our multiple design options let you tailor a helix® flexible screw conveyor to the flow rate, capacity, sanitation, and durability specifications you need to operate your facility safely and efficiently.

learn more



5. bag dump station with integral dust collection 
hapman’s manual bag dump stations provide for the effective dumping of small volume bags while mitigating loss of product through dusting. improve worker safety, reduce housekeeping and keep your material in the product flow where it belongs with a hapman bag dump station with integral dust collection.

learn more



6. bag compactor
hapman bag compactors are specifically engineered to provide dust control and containment for your processes and dust protection for your employees when integrated with hapman bag dump station or remote dust collection.

learn more



7. bulk bag filler
bulk bag filler designs ranging from rugged and basic to automated and loaded with features. options like densification, automated hook release, isolation pads, and feeding systems can handle low or high volume needs. the in-house controls team can provide precise automated feeding from hapman and other process equipment.

learn more



8. controls
hapman designs and builds a vast array of control systems integrating hapman and other oem equipment providing turn-key operation including: gain-in-weight, continuous loss-in-weight, complex batching and recipe management, and other specialty processes required for the latest traceability requirements and remote process management.


9. turn key systems
our experienced team can design and build a complete material handling system containing both hapman equipment and the equipment of other manufacturers. integrated controls make the process run seamlessly.

learn more



10. bulk bag unloader
empty bags quickly and safely, even in classified or sanitary environments. modular components are designed for the specific application, and a complete range of options ensures your materials flow properly.

learn more



11. lumpmaster®
prevent compacted materials and agglomerations from slowing or stopping your process, this economical accessory can break down clumps into easy-to-flow particles.

learn more



12. pneumatic conveyor
highly efficient vacuum conveying systems utilizing regenerative blowers requiring less power and plant air than typical pneumatic conveying technology leading to low operating and install costs.

learn more



13. posiportion feeder 
gravimetrically or volumetrically deliver free-flowing and sluggish bulk solids, granules and powders. the structural tube frame supports large hoppers or ancillary equipment. with a variety of designs, the posiportion feeder is able to handle an array of materials.

learn more



14. solidquid™ liquid/solid feeding system
automatically and precisely unloads, measures and delivers a variety of dry bulk ingredients as a pre-blended slurry to your mix tank, blender or other process equipment.

learn more



15. helix® flexible screw conveyor
hapman helix® flexible screw conveyors are the most efficient, flexible and easy to operate and maintain conveyors on the market. our multiple design options let you tailor a helix® flexible screw conveyor to the flow rate, capacity, sanitation, and durability specifications you need to operate your facility safely and efficiently.

learn more



















helix® flexible screw conveyor











vacuum conveyors











tubepro™











cablepro™











bulk bag unloaders











bulk bag fillers




 

small bag compactors











small bag dump stations




 

automated bag unloaders




 

valve bag fillers











feeders




 

lump breakers




 

liquid/solid systems




 

full systems




see all equipment and systems














2,700+
distinct materials









56
countries









12,000+
applications









200+
international companies










our solutions




operating
industry







operating solutions
need to resolve a sanitation issue so you can spend less time cleaning and more time moving material? is too much dust leaving your conveyors and compromising the safety and cleanliness of your facility? do you simply need to streamline your operation and improve throughput efficiency? if any of these problems apply to your application, hapman can help you solve them.
explore all operating solutions



process inefficiencies
material degradation
cleanability
dusting
segregation
batching









industry solutions
from food processing to chemical manufacturing, mining, and power generation, hapman has engineered solutions for more than 12,000 applications worldwide.
explore all industry solutions



chemical & pharma industries
food industry
polymers & plastics
vivarium research 
building products
minerals
power generation
wastewater treatment
battery material handling












services that deliver ideal performance
from initial application assessment through startup and maintenance, you can rely on a complete range of hapman services to create equipment and systems that are guaranteed to meet your bulk material handling requirements.

see all services





featured application expertisesee all application expertise






efficiency in batching & blending: 4 common challenges and how to fix them
there’s no single solution for any given material handling, batching, or blending application. significant efficiency improvements require varying degrees of…






transforming pharmaceutical efficiency with innovative conveyor technology
problem: a leading pharmaceutical company approached hapman for help in designing a vacuum conveyor system tailored to their needs. they…




volumetric vs. gravimetric feeder operation
how much control is achieved with volumetric vs. gravimetric material feeding? whether you work in the manufacturing or production industry,…






unload, convey, fill, repeat
maggie beauchamp, a hapman sales rep from gull material handling company, contacted hapman product specialist, stephanie avery, regarding a customer…








featured case studiessee all case studies






helix® flexible screw conveyor feeds innovative form-fill-seal packaging solution
based in grand rapids, michigan, ims group usa offers bulk solids packaging solutions for the food, pharmaceutical, resin, chemical and…






issues of unloading ammonium nitrate prill are eliminated with tubular drag conveyor system
“hapman and their local representative worked very hard to ensure the successful completion of our client’s project,” stated o’connor. “their…






easy-to-clean. cost effective. trouble-free operation. helix® is the top choice for specialty dry bulk food company
planning for expansion is a critical step in a company’s growth plans. especially when evaluating process improvements and new equipment…






bulk bag filler – plastics manufacturer uses bulk bag filler fibc system
challenge a plastics manufacturer needed a bulk bag filler that could be adjusted to fill a variety of large bag…










bulk density guide
this resource provides the densities of thousands of bulk materials to assist in system design.
find densities




configurators
speed your designs with online cad and bim format files to configure 3d models and 3d pdfs.
access files



see all resources & knowledge







request a quote
tell us about your specific application need to start the quote process.
let’s get going




contact us
we’re ready to help with systems, engineering and more to get you moving.
connect now




grow your business with us
are you interested in equipment or a partnership in europe?
let’s talk











stay in touch
learn more about the hapman advantage and subscribe to our email newsletter.




email(required)

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 sign up 





















bulk material handling experts


hapman north america
5944 e n ave, kalamazoo, mi 49048
(800) 427-6260


kmc global europe sp. z o.o.
ul. niemodlińska 89, 45-864 opole, poland
+48 77 402 40 15



linkedin
contact
shipping information
bulk material density guide
careers
sitemap
terms of service
privacy policy

copyright 2025 hapman. all rights reserved.




























