

handmade pottery, pottery, pottery shop lookout mountain ash-glazed stoneware, lookout mountain pottery





























home     gallery     bonsai     news     recipes     contact     links     

                                    





























welcome 
															to my website!







 become a friend on facebook


 follow my blog.






















the home of lookout mountain pottery has been a local reference point for southern appalachian arts and crafts since 1947, 
                                                            when fannie mennen, a local printmaker, founded the plum nelly clothesline art show.
                                                            the name plum nelly is derived from contractions of the phrases: "plum out of tennessee"
                                                            and "nearly out of georgia." featuring local artists and craftspeople, the show is
                                                            but an historical footnote now. today, potter mark issenberg has returned to contribute
                                                            to that former inspiration.

































mark issenberg creates fine ash-glazed stoneware near plum nelly where he first studied ceramics as a young man under the legendary potter, charles counts. 
                                                            later, mark went on to receive a degree in fine arts and served the city of hialeah, florida 
                                                                for eighteen years as a fire fighter.  always maintaining a close relationship 
                                                                with fire, upon retirement mark returned to the source of his greatest influence 
                                                                and inspiration.  today, mark is an award-winning potter.  his functional and 
                                                                decorative pieces are widely exhibited throughout the south and east.
                                                            mark is a long term member of the southern highland craft guild, whose mission is to discover, preserve and promote knowledge and appreciation of traditional and contemporary crafts of the appalachian region. he is a member of potters council dedicated to meet the needs of studio potters and ceramic artists by providing forums for knowledge exchange and professional enhancement.





























from chattanooga
                                                ·take the i-24 w exit towards nashville/birmingham
                                                ·take the i-59 s exit (exit number 167) on the left towards birmingham
                                                ·take the ga-136 exit (exit number 11) towards trenton
                                                ·turn left onto ga-136
                                                ·follow ga-136 up the mountain
                                                ·once you pass cloudland canyon state park on the left, take immediate right onto cherokee trail
                                                ·at end of road, take a left onto plum nelly road
                                                ·studio is located on the right















lookout mountain pottery, constructed and completed in 1999, and adjacent to the original plum nelly clothes line art show, is open to the public. for your personal tour of the pottery shop, grounds and for a breathtaking view of north georgia from the bluffs above rising fawn, call or email or come by any time, we are always open. don't forget to wear your walking shoes and bring your camera.















home     gallery     bonsai     news     recipes     contact     links     


                                    














                                                 













