
















chronicles of a chubby mexican girl









































































chronicles of a chubby mexican girl



you take the good, you take the bad, you take them both and there you have the facts of life. the facts of life.
there's a time you gotta go and show you're growin' now,
you know about the facts of life. the facts of life.
when the world never seems, to be living up to your dreams.  and suddenly you're finding out, the facts of life are all about you. all about you. you-u-u-u,
a-ll about you. it takes a lot to get em right,
but you're learnin the facts of life.

























































































wednesday, august 06, 2014







blessed





i got teary eyed this morning thinking of all my blessings.  a wonderful husband whom i adore, kids whose inner beauty shines bright, parents who are the best grandparents to my children and who have had my back for 40 years, friends who i’ve had 35+ years (damn, maybe i should keep that number under wraps),  a beautiful family who watches my kids so that we can provide.  sure, there are small hiccups and big boulders in the road but they’ve all led me here. i’ll be under construction the rest of my life. as long as i’m able to love, i’ll always be blessed





posted by



yummerson




at

4:16 pm



no comments:
  





























tuesday, august 13, 2013







library






yesterday
 was alfonso’s very first time ever in a library. i loved sharing that 
experience with him. i remember as kids my parents would often take us 
to the library to pick out books. i loved to read. it would take me to 
another world.   typing this makes me realize what a great thing
 my parents did. both of my parents came to america with only an early 
elementary school education. i don’t think either of them made it to 5th
 grade. just had one of those moments of reflection. wow. my parents are
 wonderful.   i think the last time i was there was with punki when we worked on our report about mexico? in 8th grade? i don’t even 
remember. i do remember though that after we went to taco bell. my first
 time. she introduced me to the combo burrito. okay, sorry, i got side 
tracked.   i think we’ll be 
visiting more often. take the babies. let them smell books. because who 
knows how much longer they’ll be available. the smell of books is an 
experience to be had. i think i may take trips alone. the silence was 
beautiful. i can write. i can read. i can nap. i mean, i can 
concentrate.   i’m glad i got to experience another first with 
alfonso. and that although it wasn’t diego’s first visit, that i got to 
see his eyes light up and the excitement in his voice as he walked 
through picking out his music and his movies and his books.





posted by



yummerson




at

2:51 pm



no comments:
  





























monday, august 05, 2013







"normal"









my older brother and i used to write letters to each other
when he left for college. one of his 
letters in particular stuck with me. it was about where he lived and how
different it was from las vegas in that people could be themselves without
being judged or made fun of. mind you, this was years ago before people believed
that making fun of others just because they weren’t mainstream was cool. 



i have a hard time with this. a harder time with the taking
pictures of people we don’t think fit our description of normal and posting
them on social media. i think it’s mean. that’s someone’s brother, father, son,
sister, mother, daughter. why can’t we look past the outside and just keep on
moving? who’s to say  you’re “normal”? or
someone behind you isn’t taking a picture of you or laughing at you because you
don’t fit their definition of “normal”? how would you feel? i doubt you’d find
it hilarious. our kids are watching and they’re mirroring our actions. that in
itself is enough for me to reflect on my own issues. and not on someone else’s
issues or lack thereof. because honestly, if they have the courage to do what
they’re doing, wearing, etc. we should really go hug them and ask them how
they got to that place. we want to be so lucky to have that level of self-confidence. 





posted by



yummerson




at

3:46 pm



3 comments:
  





























monday, june 03, 2013







jose






when
 i was younger i hung out with mostly guys. they were easier. there was 
honesty. there wasn’t the passive aggressiveness or tit for tat that 
usually comes with being friends with the same gender. punishing each 
other with petty stuff. one of my closest friends who unfortunately left
 us early was truly one of the best friends i’ve ever had. there 
probably isn’t a day that goes by that i don’t think of him.  i didn’t 
get to say goodbye but maybe that’s what was best.    we 
communicated through sarcasm and that’s probably why we got along so 
well. but when it really came down to it, he would always have my back. 
he would defend me when i needed it. kick my butt into gear when it was 
required. i remember him calling me upset one day because a guy that i 
was talking to had said something derogatory about me. his feelings were
 so hurt for me. he kicked him out of the car. there was also a day 
where i was crying about dudes and why they’re so lame. he said “yamell,
 look at you. you really think it’s you? you are beautiful, you’re funny
 as hell, you dress nice, you’re the whole package. eff them (only he 
said the word). there’s a problem with them.” one of the best pep talks 
i’ve ever had. because i knew he meant it. and that it came from a good 
place. he trusted me with his life. with his kids and with his heart. he
 told me things that he didn’t just tell anyone. and there was a mutual 
respect. all the time. he took care of me and i took care of him.   i 
wish all friendships could be that seamless. effortless. i miss him.





posted by



yummerson




at

3:58 pm



no comments:
  





























friday, may 31, 2013








all of my tabs are on overdrive









so many things. all of my tabs are open and on overdrive.  



arms:



when i was younger my arms were smaller. i thought they were
fat and i’d never wear sleeveless shirts. i’m older and they’re fatter and now
i wear sleeveless shirts. stop it. don’t look.



excitement:



when i was pregnant with the l’s someone posted a picture of
little babies dressed up as la chilindrina and el chavo on facebook. 



 



cutest
thing i’ve ever seen. left me wanting to dress them like this since.  l’s will be 1 in 2 short months. i was going to do a loteria theme birthday. i’ve
been wanting to do a loteria theme something for so long. also a dia de los
muertos something. just hasn’t come to fruition. so then randomly during a
bedtime feeding i decide to google “chilindrina costume”. and what pops up…
holy mother of maria jose y juan! 



 

https://www.google.com/search?q=chilindrina+costume&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&client=firefox-a



so then of course i start to search for chavo. nothing. i go
to etsy and the angels rose and the sun shined through. 



http://www.etsy.com/listing/105575458/chavo-del-ocho-costume-3-pieces-shorts?ref=sr_gallery_2&ga_search_query=chavo+costume&ga_view_type=gallery&ga_ship_to=us&ga_spelling_corrected=chavo+costome&ga_search_type=all





their theme is now chavo and chilindrina. hot dam i’m excited!
but they’ll be the same for halloween. 



i thought maybe we could make diego, kiko. he wants to be
superman. 



next year.. diego & frida. 





oils:



when diego was in preschool, his provider was into essential
oils. i bought some. i still have them. i hear about them all over the place
now. i just bought some more. i need help with babies sleeping. and colds. this
dam cold has been in my house for the past year. i’m so over it! if it’s not a
cold it’s a stomach virus. there’s always something. anyway, i hope the oils
help us. lavender seems to be a staple in a lot of households. 



new member:



we have a new member in our family. more to come. 





posted by



yummerson




at

11:06 am



no comments:
  





























thursday, may 30, 2013







comprometanse









queridísima
familia y amistades, espero que hayan visto el video donde por menos de un
segundo pasaron la historia de ruby. 
escribí la historia en inglés y un día la tendremos en español y la
compartiremos con mucho gusto con ustedes. el tema de muerte fetal es un tema
que claramente a nosotros nos llega al corazón. 
la película de return to zero es la primera película basada en este tema
que nos toca a muchos. con esta película se espera romper el silencio. va a
comprobar que hombres y mujeres como yo podemos hablar de este tema libremente.
comprobara que nuestros bebes existieron. 
y abrirá los ojos a la sociedad. no les pido mucho pero si pido por
favor que abran el link abajo. que se comprometan a ver la película. no cuesta
nada más que unos segundos de su tiempo. no los voy a buscar ni voy a ir al
cine a asegurarme que si vieron la película pero lo que queremos es que los de
la industria de hollywood miren que si ay audiencia para esta película.  necesitamos 150,000 compromisos para el 20 de
junio. 



donde pide
el líder local por favor pongan mi nombre – yamell galarza. no ocupan vivir en
las vegas o en los estados unidos para llenar la forma.  



muchas
gracias antemano por ayudarnos a romper el silencio.  cualquier pregunta aquí estamos.











https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1oqnov8bd7ixagswnblw0rsb17ma_4sffe3vk0gcj2qo/viewform
 







posted by



yummerson




at

1:09 pm



no comments:
  

































update - pledge





as of yesterday we were at 30,000 pledges.  we need to be at 150,000 by june 20th.  if you  haven't made the pledge, please do so.

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1hqu43r7iij8wjt1bavzkmjhmpdci56qakuukt2vfvwg/viewform?pli=1





posted by



yummerson




at

1:08 pm



no comments:
  





























tuesday, may 28, 2013







times change





imma get all deep. again. when i was younger, say, oh, my early to late twenties. most of my friends and family were having kids and/or getting married. not necessarily in that order. i had time. and lots of it. i dedicated most of it to them and their kids/families. for years. i then got married and started my own family. and that left me with little time because now i have my family and all that comes with it. what sucks about that is that the people i spent all that time with can't spend that time with me because they still have their families and they still have all that comes with it. and more. but now some are single and have weekends free and i'm still married and getting a sitter isn't as easy as it was with a smaller family. my point is, be patient. be understanding. if i can't come to you like i did for years and i ask you to come to me, please don't take it as me being a bad friend. please take it as, you helping me out. and providing me with company and friendship. it's not forever. but right now it's what works. your friendship keeps me sane. it's just not as easy as when i could grab my keys and run out the door whenever i felt like it. i mean, i most certainly could but i may come home to my clothes on the lawn. i'm sure very nicely folded.





posted by



yummerson




at

9:23 pm



no comments:
  































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















twitter updates


twitter updates

follow me on twitter






about me





yummerson


just a chubby mexican girl pushing 40 and trying to find a way to make my life a little more meaningful.  i love to love and love to be loved.  i'd like to teach the world to sing... now mommy of 4 angels. 1 in heaven and 3 on earth. 

view my complete profile








hit me baby one more time











me likey


baby center
bev
cisco
cisco the groom
coco
diary of a crazed woman
golightly
jph
moni
okay seriously
perez hilton
post secret
princess melissa
stephanie klein
superfluous juxtaposition
suvii









blog archive




blog archive
august (1)
august (2)
june (1)
may (5)
april (2)
february (1)
january (7)
november (1)
september (1)
july (1)
march (1)
february (1)
january (2)
november (6)
september (1)
july (1)
april (1)
february (2)
october (1)
april (1)
march (1)
september (1)
august (1)
may (1)
april (3)
march (8)
january (3)
december (2)
november (2)
october (4)
september (3)
august (3)
july (2)
june (1)
may (2)
april (1)
march (2)
february (2)
january (2)
december (3)
november (1)
october (2)
september (3)
august (1)
july (2)
june (2)
may (3)
april (3)
march (4)
february (2)
january (3)
december (2)
november (6)
october (5)
september (6)
august (7)
july (4)
june (10)
may (17)
april (12)
march (17)
february (20)
january (12)
december (12)
november (22)
october (16)
september (28)
august (22)
july (23)














































awesome inc. theme. theme images by molotovcoketail. powered by blogger.
























