
















morton buildings - the best design for your home in your budget




































































morton buildings - the best design for your home in your budget






































































































morton buildings, morton buildings for home & cabin, morton buildings for retail










have you ever
wondered how morton buildings are manufactured? the process is both complicated
and precise. the manufacture of a morton building is an awesome combination of
engineering, draftsman ship, ingenuity, teamwork, know-how and metal building
manufacturing expertise. each building receives the utmost care and attention
throughout the manufacturing process, manufactured by experienced craftsmen and
watched over by a dedicated staff of professionals from start to finish.
precision engineering, machinery and components plus exceptional quality
control yield a precision high quality manufactured product.



once a customer has
purchased a per-engineered steel building or metal building system, their sales
person, who performs multiple functions of building consultant, building
designer, technician and estimator, forwards the purchaser's order to the morton
building factory. in the top metal building factories, the factory itself
fabricates all required building components in house. that way, all components
are compatible and go together easily on the job site with no surprises and no
waiting for components to arrive from different suppliers.





  at the morton
building factory, the order entry department oversees the order from start to
finish, from the time the order is received until the morton building is
shipped. morton building factory staff verifies all design codes, snow and wind
loads and seismic information to make sure that everything complies with the purchaser's
contract and enters the order into scheduling software to ensure that the
buildings manufacture is efficiently managed.



pre-engineered morton
buildings engineers are responsible for optimization of the morton building,
each engineer certified by the state where the building will be constructed.
building details including snow and wind loads and seismic information is input
into an advanced metal building software program that generates engineered shop
drawings for the framing of the building as well as other drawings needed for
the buildings manufacture and construction.



the metal building
factory's pre-engineered morton building engineers review the building drawings
and check the purchase order again for accuracy. permit drawings are generated
that can be used to help secure permits to erect the building.



actual building
production begins with the input of building specifications into cnc (computer
numerical control) machinery, a process that involves the use of computers to
control machines programmed with cnc machining language (g-code). the cnc
machinery controls all machine features including feeds and speeds. 



components of morton
buildings, such as i-beams, gutters and down spouts, sidewalls and end wall
panels, and even standing seam roofs are systematically manufactured in
designated areas called "lines" throughout the metal building
factory. each manufacturing line completes a specific function, automated by
use of conveyors that move the morton sheeting, i-beams and fabricated metal
components from station to station. since each morton building is manufactured
to order, building components are produced as required to fulfil each morton
buildings exact specifications. 



 the manufacture of morton
buildings rafters and columns begins with the plasma table. the plasma table
cuts the web, the centre of the rafter or column (like the centre of the letter
"h"). the web moves to a holding station waiting to move by automated
conveyor to the station where the web will be tack-welded to the flange. the flange machine
cuts flanges into specified lengths determined by the pre-engineered buildings
specifications from morton bar stock. after cutting, the flanges move to a
holding station waiting to move by automated conveyor to the station where the
flanges will be tack-welded to the web prior to going through the automatic
welding machine. 



certified welders
tack-weld flanges and webs in place to form rafters and columns. the tacked
rafters and columns move by conveyor to the phi machine. at the phi machine, an
automatic welding process fuses the web and flange materials, permanently
welding the flanges to the web. a welding inspector checks all welds to ensure
that strict aisc standards are met. 



roof and sidewall
panels are fabricated from morton sheeting. large coils of metal sheeting are
placed in a machine called an "uncoiled" which passes the sheeting
through another machine called a "straightener" that straightens the
sheet. the straightened sheet is die cut and passes through a roll former to
give the straightened sheet the shape of roof or sidewall sheeting. as with all
machinery in the morton building factory, computers are feeding information to
the metal corrugation machine giving it the exact specifications for each
building. 



sophisticated
machinery on the trim line automates the process by which custom trim is formed
and ensures exact bends and perfect angles. starting with a coil of morton
mounted on an uncoiled, the morton passes through a straightener to a series of
ten roll formers that form the shape of each trim and make all trim components:
rake trim, corner trim, jamb trim, head trim, base trim, eave trim, rake angle,
base angle, gutter straps, downspouts and gutters. 



out in the yard the
staging department gathers all the morton building components and carefully
loads them onto trucks to deliver the building to the job site. special
attention is given to the bill of materials ensuring that every order is
complete and accurate. the traffic office handles the shipment of each
building, scheduling trucks and coordinating buildings to arrive at the job
site on time where the erection crew is waiting for delivery.



about olympia morton
buildings
olympia morton building supplies durable high quality per-engineered morton
buildings for commercial, industrial, agricultural and residential applications
using only the highest grade commercial us morton available. olympia morton
buildings has been a leader in per-engineered morton buildings for more than 40
years and is proud to provide excellent customer service and quality products
100% made in the usa and backed by a 50-year limited structural warranty.












  - visit to know more about morton buildings -   

www.morton-buildings.com













at

11:30 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
morton buildings,
morton buildings for home & cabin,
morton buildings for retail












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2014

(1)





        ▼ 
      



june

(1)

morton buildings, morton buildings for home & cabi...


















































picture window theme. powered by blogger.

























