


home - jester park golf



























































skip to main contentmenu

golf courses
ratesseason passesbanquets & eventsgolf outings
camps/pga jr league
junior 5 day campspga junior league
leagues + couples night
couples nightmen's leaguewomen's leaguematch playsenior league
prairie grass bar & grilldrive range/mini golf
mini golfgolf instruction
event calendarbook a tee timecontact us















rss feed

welcome to jester park golf coursebook a tee timewe are currently experiencing phones issues. please book all tee times online















book a tee timebook tee times with a click of a button from your computer, tablet, or mobile device. prairie grass bar & grilllocated inside the jester park golf course clubhouse, the prairie grass bar & grill offers a variety of delicious food and drinks.  ratesthe jester park golf course offers an 18-hole championship course, 9-hole par 3 course, learning & practice facility, and an 18-hole miniature golf course.  miniature golfthe newly constructed 18-hole miniature golf course is a fun, yet challenging game for players of all ages. the course is lit for the after sunlight hours to provide night time fun!welcome to the jester park golf course a superior, full-service golf complex within one-half hour from downtown des moines. this outdoor gateway offers an 18-hole championship course, 9-hole par 3 course, the outstanding jester park learning and practice facility, and an 18-hole miniature golf course. miniature golf course located next to the driving range, the new jester park miniature golf course is an 18-hole, nature-themed miniature course packed full of fun obstacles with the added bonus of a beautiful park view. learning & practice facilitythe jester park learning and practice facility is made up of over five acres of grass tee area providing plenty of space for hitting “long range.” this state-of-the-art complex also has a nice selection of sand bunkers and chipping/putting greens to help enhance your short range and specialty strokes. about usthe jester park golf course has an 18-hole championship course, 9-hole par 3, an outstanding learning and practice facility, and an 18-hole miniature golf course.contact us11949 nw 118th ave granger, ia 50109 (515) 999-2903facebookhourssunrise - sunset *hours subject to change seasonally.sister golf courses© jester park golf course. all rights reserved.


