


lelavision home









contact us  |book us  | join mail list


who
what
why
where
wow!





welcome 


 

"indicator species" the new work coming this summer.  

view pictures from "created commons westcrest park" in seattle 8/27-9/5 2001"


performance offerings
art and fab services

educational possibilities
 instruments innovated 
 art and science collabs 


 







heavy metal dã«vices descriptions and videos
art with mettle
    public art and fabrication 

play learningworkshops, classes, interplay
 catalog of instruments 
 art and science 


 
above find links to detailed pages on each category.  below find overviews of each category.
  lelavision is likeable....................................digital press kit for presenters




performances 



physical music 
 performances to tickle the imaginations of allvideos

						  using the universal language of music and dance, lelavision characters play wih sound, form, and movement to create live experiences. the root word of lelavision, "lela," is both a play on the names ela and leah and a sanskrit word 
meaning "creation" or "creative spark." combining modern and aerial dance, music, 
theater, and large interactive musical sculptures, lelavision performances offer 
innovative works of awe and whimsy. lelavision has created 
a form and aesthetic that is rooted in a minimalist sensibility in 
both sculptural form and music, in the whimsical nature of an inventive spirit, and in the 
graceful refinement of choreographed movement. 

digital press kit for presenters




creative directors 



leah mann 
 ela lamblin




musical instruments 



ela lamblin creates unique instruments from metal and other materials. 
covering a broad scope of instrument types and sound-propogating principles, these innovative instruments go beyond the traditional to explore new ways of creating music.  as the sculptures are animated by the performers, they become live kinetic art elements for theatrics and spectacle.
catalog of instruments
 ela creates custom instruments by commission




creative services 



specializing in the imaginative in metal, lelavision offers design and fabrication services for:    theater
                                 special events  homes   public art
                  se our art with mettle page for more info.       
						
				  



music  



    


 
 discography  keyhole soundtrack
 percolations 
 edge of silence 
 long period events 
tone pond 
orbitones spoonharps and bellowphones
sculptaural



 cds   
music for film
with jason staczek

with tucker martinewith charlie bommarito 
 






collaborations 


  music with composer jason staczek
  science with dr. david lynn
 
music with producer tucker martine
 
science with dr. anna edlund
 
photos by teresa morani
 
science with dr. steven vogel
 
photos by michelle bates
 
science with dr. arri eisen
 
videos by shezad morani


 performance with correo aereo






recent work:
                  
                  interspecies communication sculpture and performances
 

interspecies communication 2017 by ela lamblin on vimeo.








© 2021 lelavision.  all rights reserved.





