















monroe state attorney's office, fl | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 










  





 
 













search







 
 
 


    legal system      for victims      marine resources & the law      legal resources  


 

 

 

 




 







mission statement







	the monroe county state attorney's office (16th judicial circuit of florida) strives for fairness and equality for all under the law.
 






  
 
 











 














consumer resourceshow to protect yourself








victim informationknow your rights










 
 














hurricane informationstay updated










 
 














courthouse locationsmaps & directions








public records requestsearch the record database










 
 
 



















  
 














welcome from the state attorney
16th judicial circuit florida


anyone can be the victim of a crime regardless of religion, social, economic, ethnic, or educational background. in addition to fear, rage, isolation, and confusion, many victims experience emotional and physical distress. the situation is compounded by the criminal justice system, which is often confusing and intimidating.


while you are welcome to be present at any and all court hearings, please be aware that very little may occur at an arraignment and/or docket sounding. please do not hesitate to contact our office if you would like to know what may occur at any upcoming hearing. however, if you are subpoenaed to court, you must appear. 


we will do everything we can to successfully prosecute your case. however, your cooperation is essential throughout the time your case is pending. please respond in a timely manner to all communications and subpoenas from our office and be sure we have your current contact information at all times. 


the information on this website is intended to give you a better understanding of your rights and the justice system. we have included basic information about resources that are available to assist you in monroe county. with this information as a starting point, we should be able to help lessen the trauma associated with becoming a crime victim. 


a successful prosecution is dependent upon our ability to work together. our office is here to seek justice and to help you, the victim, through the process. my staff and i are committed to working with you in order to ensure that justice is done. please do not hesitate to call our office if you have any questions regarding your case. 





respectfully,
dennis w. ward
state attorney for the 16th judicial circuit



 






  
 
 








 







other useful resources







cip portal instructions



monroe county sheriff



florida fish & wildlife conservation commission



monroe county clerk



key west police



office of the public defender 



florida department of corrections



florida department of law enforcement



florida department of juvenile justice



florida prosecuting attorneys association



state of florida 





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 




 
 



  
 







monroe county state attorney news










state attorney's office has new middle keys location 

marathon, june 26, 2020 – the monroe county state attorney's office middle keys office has moved about a mile south on u.s. 1 to a location at 2975 overseas highway, on the oceanside.				read on...







investigation finds police shooting was justified 

key west, june 29, 2020 – the state attorney's office has closed its investigation into a police-involved shooting in october 2019.				read on...







three thefts and a drug case lead to nearly three years in prison 

key west, june 25, 2020 – a miami man is off to prison for nearly three years on counts of theft in key west, marathon and key largo. he also faced a drug charge.				read on...






view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 




employment opportunities



 
 
 



 















 






  
 







key west







530 whitehead streetsuite 301key west fl, 33040 phone:305-292-3400
 






  
 







popular pages







identity theft



lobster regulations



meet the state attorney







phone scammers



report human trafficking



worthless check recovery









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 




 














home







contact us







disclaimer







privacy policy







accessibility









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 














	information on the monroe county state attorney’s office website is for informational purposes only. 
it should not be used as or be construed as legal advice. contact an attorney if you have a legal issue. 
 






  
 
 








 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









