















sel-plex® | alltech


































      skip to main content
    






×

alltech-logo






north america





europe





latin america





asia pacific





africa





middle east






 alltech headquarters


 canada


 canada (fr)




 belarus


 bulgaria


 croatia


 czech republic


 denmark


 estonia


 france


 germany


 greece


 hungary


 ireland


 italy


 lithuania


 norway


 poland


 romania


 russia


 slovakia


 spain


 turkey


 uk


 ukraine




 brazil


 latino américa




 india


 japan


 kazakhstan


 korea


 malaysia


 new zealand


 taiwan


 thailand


 vietnam




 morocco


 south africa




 uae


























animal nutrition




dairy cow




beef cattle




poultry




pig




aquaculture




equine




pet




all animal nutrition products




programs and services











crop science




expertise




news




videos




safeguard our soils #sos











about




our vision




our business




our leaders




sustainability




philanthropy




careers




locations




contact




sponsorship form











news




blog




podcast




events




press releases




press contacts











store









planet of plenty®

















facebookx-twitteryoutubelinkedininstagramalltech blogpodcast






















menu












artboard 1

home







animal nutrition




                                      dairy cow
                  
                
                



                                      beef cattle
                  
                
                



                                      poultry
                  
                
                



                                      pig
                  
                
                



                                      aquaculture
                  
                
                



                                      equine
                  
                
                



                                      pet
                  
                
                



                                      all animal nutrition products
                  
                
                



                                      programs and services
                  
                
                








crop science




                                      expertise
                  
                
                



                                      news
                  
                
                



                                      videos
                  
                
                



                                      safeguard our soils #sos
                  
                
                








about




                                      our vision
                  
                
                



                                      our business
                  
                
                



                                      our leaders
                  
                
                



                                      sustainability
                  
                
                



                                      philanthropy
                  
                
                



                                      careers
                  
                
                



                                      locations
                  
                
                



                                      contact
                  
                
                



                                      sponsorship form
                  
                
                








news




                                      blog
                  
                
                



                                      podcast
                  
                
                



                                      events
                  
                
                



                                      press releases
                  
                
                



                                      press contacts
                  
                
                








store







planet of plenty®


search 


search

 social mediafacebookx-twitteryoutubelinkedininstagramalltech blogpodcastlocations









 



















home


animal nutrition


products


sel-plex®















                                    sel-plex®

                                    

















              contact us
            





              benefits
            





                    benefits
                  





              dairy benefits
            





              beef benefits
            





              poultry benefits
            





              pig benefits
            





              aquaculture benefits
            





              equine benefits
            















a superior source of organic selenium
evidence from over the last 20 years indicates that the form of dietary selenium is key to its efficiency. this has led to an industry-wide shift toward safer, organic forms of selenium and a move away from the traditional inorganic form of sodium selenite. selenite’s high toxicity, pro-oxidant properties and bioavailability have caused the industry to question its use.
sel-plex® is alltech’s proprietary organic form of selenium yeast. it is an excellent dietary source of selenium and is manufactured to mimic mother nature. the selenium from sel-plex is safer and better able to meet the higher requirements of livestock raised for rapid growth, reproductive performance and health.











organic trace minerals for dairy cattle
the average dairy cow is not meeting her genetic potential. reaching genetic potential begins with feeding dairy cows correctly at every life stage, including before birth. including a selenium supplement in the diet is crucial for the profitability of the herd. selenium deficiency in dairy cows is related to various diseases, along with decreased productive and reproductive performance.


benefits of organic selenium in dairy cows:

supports metabolic processes
supports reproductive health and herd longevity
acts as an antioxidant
protects the integrity of tissues
protects muscles from degeneration
supports against infection
supports fertility/conception rates

contact an alltech representative for more information.






organic trace minerals for beef cattle
most of the world’s agricultural areas are in regions where feed and forages have suboptimal selenium levels. selenium deficiency in beef cattle can cause serious issues, including hoof health, respiratory, disease and mastitis challenges, which can affect overall profitability.


benefits of organic selenium in beef cattle:

supports antioxidant status
supports normal reproductive function
supports meat quality and nutritional value of meat
promotes proper reproductive health
promotes disease defense
improves response to respiratory and disease challenges

contact an alltech representative for more information.






organic trace minerals for poultry
selenium deficiency in poultry diets can lead to several adverse effects, such as poor feathering, reduced egg production, suppressed immunity and diseases that can cause significant profit losses for a poultry operation. sel-plex, an organic selenium yeast, better meets the needs of modern-day birds and has a practical impact on poultry health and performance.


benefits of organic selenium in poultry:

chick health
feather quality
healthy antioxidant status
eggshell quality (increased freshness and thickness)
egg production
nutritional value of meat
reproduction
maintenance of the body’s defense system

contact an alltech representative for more information.






organic trace minerals for pigs
selenium deficiency in pigs can cause slower growth rates, diseases and even death among young piglets. selenium toxicity in pigs (an excess of selenium) has been known to interfere with the absorption and utilization of other essential trace minerals, such as zinc. sel-plex is an organic selenium yeast, proven to enhance performance by providing selenium in a form naturally present in plants and more digestible than inorganic forms.


benefits of organic selenium in pigs:

supports reproductive health and sow longevity
promotes piglet viability
optimizes immune response and antioxidant status
improves meat quality and the nutritional value of meat
has improved fcr, adg and carcass weight

contact an alltech representative for more information.






organic trace minerals for aquaculture
selenium deficiency in aquaculture diets can lead to several adverse effects, such as poor growth rate, decreased performance, suppressed immunity and diseases that can lead to significant profit losses. sel-plex, an organic selenium yeast, delivers a superior source of selenium with the benefits of antioxidants. hence, there is great potential to increase the efficiency of fish and shrimp production through selenium nutrition.


benefits of organic selenium in salmon:

improves meat quality
improved pigmentation
higher growth rate
reduced filet gaping
increased selenium muscle content






benefits of organic selenium in tilapia:
tilapia for breeding:

improves performance of progeny
improves feed conversion ratio (fcr)
higher fry survival %
higher weight gain

tilapia for harvest:

higher weight gain
higher length gain
improved fcr







benefits of organic selenium in shrimp:

supports growth
optimized immune performance
increased plasma protein levels
increased blood cell levels
higher selenium muscle content

contact an alltech representative for more information.







organic trace minerals for equine
selenium deficiency in equine can cause problems such as impaired muscle function, heart health, immune function, growth and energy levels in your horse. selenium toxicity in horses (an excess of selenium) has been known to interfere with appetite and digestion, muscle weakness and fever, among other risks. sel-plex is an organic selenium yeast, proven to enhance performance by providing selenium in a form naturally present in plants and more digestible than inorganic forms.


benefits of organic selenium in equine:

colostrum quality and efficient transfer of selenium from mare to foal
nutritional status of the foal
normal reproductive function
exercise tolerance
performance of recreational horses
nutritional value of horse feeds and supplements

contact an alltech representative for more information.


















                                    supported by more than 30 years of research

                                    












as we demand more from our animals, we must demand more from our minerals
selenium is involved in numerous important systems within the body, including antioxidant defense, reproduction and immune function. through the use of sel-plex, we are able to boost the selenium status of livestock animals reliably and safely, allowing the buildup of nutrient reserves for periods of increased antioxidant demand and stress without risking toxicity.
improved nutritional value of food products
like animals, people often do not get enough selenium in their diets. functional or enriched foods offer consumers a way to get the most from their diets.
sel-plex is proven to improve the performance and efficiency of food-producing animals and naturally enhance the nutritional value of meat, milk and eggs.
in 2009, the european food safety authority (efsa) recognized several human health claims for sel-plex-enriched meat, eggs and milk.






proven
sel-plex was the first fda- reviewed form of organic selenium and was the first strain- specific form to be eu-approved for all species.





traceable
sel-plex is manufactured, packaged and sold by alltech, which uses highly controlled manufacturing processes and quality control methods. 






research
supported by more than 30 years of research, sel-plex is the most studied and proven form of organic selenium available.





bioavailability
the selenium in sel-plex is better absorbed, stored and utilized by the animal when compared with inorganic selenium, helping boost the body’s defense system. 








complete
sel-plex is designed to completely replace all supplementary organic and inorganic selenium sources in the diet. 


 





additional resources




sel-plex aquaculture flyer


 
sel-plex pig flyer


  
sel-plex poultry flyer 



sel-plex ruminant flyer

























                    related products
                    







bioplex® 

																		bioplex® trace minerals are bound to amino acids and a range of peptides. they are easily absorbed and readily metabolized, optimizing animal performance.

																	


economase™ 

																		economase™ is a proprietary blend of ingredients that maximizes and maintains the antioxidant status of the animal.

																	


























                    related articles
                    
















            5 key factors for the future of aquaculture nutrition
          

       with the demand for food fish rising alongside a growing global population, the aquaculture industry will have to continue to adapt. here are the…
        












            organic trace minerals for horses promote sustainability
          

       while achieving sustainability in the equine industry may seem daunting, the good news is that there are many avenues for us to explore, and each one…
        












            tips for reducing stress when weaning calves
          

       no matter the segment of the beef system, stress is a natural and unavoidable hurdle that the beef industry must learn to manage. there are solutions…
        





























contact us today!




























copyright

© 2024 alltech.
all rights reserved.



navigation

animal nutrition
home
about
careers
contact



resources

sitemap
privacy policy and terms of use
press contacts and resources



more about alltech

philanthropy
education
news
sponsorship form










loading...













