


ford - reviews / specs / pictures / prices











home > ford




research a model



1. select make
acura
alfa romeo
aston martin
audi
bmw
bentley
buick
cadillac
chevrolet
chrysler
dodge
ferrari
fiat
ford
gmc
honda
hyundai
infiniti
jaguar
jeep
kia
lamborghini
land rover
lexus
lincoln
lotus
mazda
mclaren
mercedes-benz
mini
mitsubishi
nissan
pontiac
porsche
scion
smart
subaru
suzuki
toyota
volkswagen
volvo




2. select model







3. select year
0











ford




ford edge

the ford edge combines appealing styling with a roomy and comfortable interior, and thanks to optional all-wheel-drive and a fully independent suspension, offers good handling.

suv | mid-size suv




ford escape

the ford escape comes powered by a choice of four-cylinder engines with optional 4wd. the escape offers space for five, sporty looks and excellent handling.

suv | compact suv




ford expedition

the ford expedition is powered by a 3.5l twin-turbo v6 and offers seating for up to eight. an extended wheelbase version with expanded trunk space is available, as is all-wheel-drive.

suv | full-size suv more...




ford explorer

the ford explorer comes powered by a choice of 4-cylinder and v6 engines, including a hybrid powertrain, with optional 4wd. the explorer offers seating for up to seven, handles well, and offers good safety.

suv | mid-size suv more...




ford f150

the best-selling vehicle in the us for decades, the ford f150 is available in over 65 variations, powered by a choice of v8 engines, enabling it to tow more than five tons, if properly equipped.

pickup truck | full-size truck




ford fiesta

the ford fiesta comes powered by a choice of four-cylinder engines offering good power and fuel economy. with seating for five, the fiesta features comfortable seats and sporty handling.

sedan | subcompact more...




ford five hundred

powered by a 3.0l v6 with optional all-wheel-drive, the ford five hundred seats five in a spacious cabin. the five hundred offers a comfortable and save ride.

sedan | full-size sedan




ford flex

powered by a choice of v6 engines that optionally drive all wheels, the ford flex offers bold and stylish looks, composed handling, exceptional nvh, and a versatile interior.

crossover | mid-size cuv




ford focus

available in coupe and sedan bodystyles, the ford focus is one of the most entertaining, if not necessarily most handsome vehicles in its class.

sedan | compact more...




ford fusion

powered by frugal 4-cylinder engines with optional turbocharging, the ford fusion combines unique looks and an inviting interior with sporty, yet comfortable handling. a hybrid version is available.

sedan | mid-size sedan more...




ford gt

reviving the legend that won the famous 24 hours of le mans four years in a row, the ford gt uses a 5.4-liter supercharged v8 driving the rear wheels and offers excellent handling.

coupe | supercar




ford mustang

powered by a choice of strong 4-cylinder turbo and v8 engines driving the rear wheels, the ford mustang offers lots of straight-line performance for a low price and even handles quite well.

coupe | mid-size coupe more...




ford ranger

powered by a choice of 4- and 6-cylinder engines, the ford ranger comes in regular and super cab bodystyles with optional 4wd.

pickup truck | mid-size truck more...




ford taurus

featuring strong v6 engines with optional all-wheel-drive, the taurus provides comfortable and save handling, and a spacious cabin for five.

sedan | full-size sedan
research by year
2020201820162014201220102008200620042002201920172015201320112009200720052003







#1 to research . buy . enjoy cars


by make

acurachryslerjaguarmclarensubarualfa romeododgejeepmercedes-benzsuzukiaston martinferrarikiaminitoyotaaudifiatlamborghinimitsubishivolkswagenbmwfordland rovernissanvolvobentleygmclexuspontiacbuickhondalincolnporschecadillachyundailotusscionchevroletinfinitimazdasmart



by bodystyle

convertiblecrossoverhybridpickup trucksuvcoupehatchbackminivansedanwagon



by class

compactfull-size sedanluxury convertiblemid-size suvsports coupecompact convertiblefull-size suvluxury coupemid-size trucksubcompactcompact coupefull-size truckluxury sedanminivansubcompact lux. suvcompact cuvhybrid compactluxury suvnear-luxury sedansubcompact suvcompact luxury suvhybrid coupemid-size convertibleperformance compactsupercarcompact suvhybrid sedanmid-size coupeperf. convertibleupper luxury sedanelectrichybrid suvmid-size cuvperformance sedanwagonfull-size luxury suvhybrid truckmid-size sedanroadster


buying guides & reviews
galleries















web

jb car pages

















research by makeacurachryslerjaguarmclarensubarualfa romeododgejeepmercedes-benzsuzukiaston martinferrarikiaminitoyotaaudifiatlamborghinimitsubishivolkswagenbmwfordland rovernissanvolvobentleygmclexuspontiacbuickhondalincolnporschecadillachyundailotusscionchevroletinfinitimazdasmarthome | contact us | privacy policy | buying guides & reviews | site map
copyright © 2000 - 2025 jb car pages








