



new zealand travel guide and information















































 



homedestinationstravel info




















 new zealand travel guide and information





> home 






new zealand travel guide and information
welcome to new zealand - tourism.org.nz is your gateway to discovering the stunning beauty and vibrant culture of aotearoa, new zealand.
from the snow-capped peaks of the southern alps to the golden beaches of the north island, new zealand offers breathtaking landscapes, unique wildlife, and rich indigenous maori heritage.
whether you're an adventure seeker, nature lover, or cultural enthusiast, you'll find endless opportunities to create unforgettable memories.
plan your journey today and experience everything from world-class hiking trails and serene lakes to vibrant cities, geothermal wonders, and welcoming local communities. let new zealand's natural beauty inspire your next adventure!



discover our world famous destinations




 
queenstown is the ideal hub for your south island adventure. mountains, snow, lakes and space to enjoy it
queenstown



 
dubbed the 'city of sails', auckland is new zealand's largest city and boasts a harbour and a coast just 40 mins apart
auckland




 
wellington is the capital city of new zealand, and conveniently located in the centre of the country
wellington





view all cities











breathtaking scenery....and world class wine?
explore the beauty and diversity of new zealand through its stunning destinations. experience the bay of islands and cruise through northland's hole the in rock. from the geothermal wonders of rotorua and the serene beaches of coromandel to the majestic peaks of fiordland and mt cook, every region offers its own unique charm.
be drawn to the dramatic coastlines of taranaki, the lush greenery of the waikato, or the historic charm of dunedin and otago.
did we mention the wine rich region of marlborough and the bread basket of the country, the sunny hawkes bay? 
in rotorua you can delve into the heart of maori culture, or be the first in the world to see the sun in gisborne. explore the arts trail, and peaceful towns like palmerston north in the manawatu region. the wairarapa coast is wild and rugged and allows an escape from the hustle and bustle.
sunny nelson has the most sunshine days each year, and is home to the abel tasman national parks famous walks. no south island trip would be complete without experiencing dramatic mountains rising straight out of the water in the breathtaking marlborough sounds.
canterbury offers a glimpse at new zealand's rural heritage, with the stunning southern alps down the centre of the region. franz jozef glacier is a must do in southland.
 mt cook



adventure and excitement?
discover vibrant cities like the largest city auckland and capital city wellington, where culture and entertainment thrive. if thrillseeking is what you are after there's options galore in every corner of the country. in northland you can swim with dolphins, or jump off new zealand's tallest building, the sky tower, in auckland
climb a volcano above a picturesque beach in just 30 minutes in the bay of plenty. the main ski field in the north island is mt ruapehu, and off season, the town of ohakune is a great hub for mountain biking and hiking.
rotorua also offers bubbling mud pools and explosive geysers. try parasailing above lake taupo, or a 5 day guided canoe trip down the whanganui river.
christchurch suffered devastation during the 2011 earthquakes, but has risen like a phoenix. much of the downtown area is new, and the city has an amazingly modern feel. but there are still some historic sites around the city being preserved.
the adventure capital of new zealand is queenstown. bungy jumping, jet boating through the narrow shotover river canyons, sky diving, gondolas, luge, and ski fields galore. and for the truly adventurous: take a scenic helicopter flight and land on top of a glacier, to explore the icy landscape. there's never a dull moment!
  taupo



view all cities


what our visitors say




format_quote
new zealand is simply breathtaking! the south island is a true delight, and we will definitely be back to visit.
by s. dawson, yorkshire


format_quote
i learned about new zealand mainly in the films of lord of the rings. i simply had to book a vacation here. this is my fourth time now!!!
by hans raidaburg























top




























discover
cities
attractions
travel info



info
contact us
privacy policy


map












					© copyright tourism.org.nz 
					- site map
                                        - privacy policy























          
       





menu sitemap




 categories







 










search





















