




american herbal pharmacopoeia – promoting the responsible use of herbal products and herbal medicines






















































ahp news & viewssignup to receive ahp news & views in your inbox. 



email addressfirst namelast namecompany 



we promise your email  will never be shared








 
























 









monday-friday: 8:00 am to 5:00 pm
 

831-461-6318
ahp@herbal-ahp.org
 
























home
about ahp

about our work
about us
meet ahp

ahp’s team
ahp’s board of directors
ahp advisors


faqs
testimonials
state non-profit disclosures


publications

ahp responds to claims of ashwagandha abortifacient effects
order monographs

a-b

aloe vera leaf
american ginseng root
aristolochic acid, plants containing
ashwagandha root
astragalus root
belleric myrobalan fruit
bilberry fruit
black cohosh rhizome
black haw bark
blue cohosh rhizome and root
boneset aerial parts


c – e

cannabis inflorescence (qc)
chaste tree fruit
chinese and japanese star anise fruits
cramp bark
cranberry fruit
dang gui root
devil’s club
echinacea angustifolia root
echinacea pallida root
echinacea purpurea aerial parts
echinacea purpurea root


f – q

feverfew aerial parts
ginkgo leaf
goldenseal root
hawthorn berry
hawthorn leaf and flower
lemon balm leaf and aerial parts
lycium (goji) fruit
motherwort aerial parts
osha root


r – s

red clover flowering tops
reishi mushroom
schisandra berry
skullcap aerial parts
slippery elm
stinging nettle herb
stinging nettle root


t – z

triphala
uva ursi leaf
valerian root
willow bark
yerba santa leaves & tops


buy a complete set


white mulberry leaf assessment
botanical pharmacognosy textbook
cannabis, seizures and epilepsy: a scientific review
monograph errata
monograph prioritization
sample monograph
roy upton on promoting the responsible use of herbal products and herbal medicines


ahp verified™ brm
resources
services
join us

become a member
support our work


contact
 















 






 





 

american herbal pharmacopoeia® 

ahp monographs 







 

american herbal pharmacopoeia® 

botanical reference standards 







 

american herbal pharmacopoeia® 

botanical identification services 







 

american herbal pharmacopoeia® 

exclusive member benefits 



 



 




					american herbal pharmacopoeia®

					ahp is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational organization dedicated to promoting the responsible use of herbal products and herbal medicines. our work relies on a worldwide network of experts, including botanists, chemists, herbalists, medical doctors, pharmacists, and pharmacologists.
					





 
the beneficial plant research association and mckenna academy of natural philosophy
in 1979, integrative medicine pioneer and ahp medical advisor dr. andrew weil (university of arizona) founded the non-profit beneficial plant research association (bpra) to underscore the importance of medicinal plants in human health. the primary mission of the association is to collect and disseminate knowledge from diverse cultures, moving away from a us-centric approach to healthcare that bridges the gap between traditional practices and modern medicine, fostering a new system of health care that prioritizes well-being over profit.
read more >
in memoriam
it is with great sadness that we mourn the loss of three incredible individuals who contributed greatly to the field of natural product research and the american herbal pharmacopoeia. we invite you to join us in remembering their lives and contributions.




dr. xie peishan







dr. otto sticher







steven foster










ahp monographs
								ahp produces critically reviewed herbal monographs that represent the most comprehensive and authoritative documentation on herbal medicines in the english language. visit the ahp shop to purchase monographs in print or downloadable pdfs.
								











botanical reference materials
								ahp provides verified botanical reference standards to natural products manufacturers, medical libraries, analytical labs, and research institutions, worldwide.
								











botanical identification services
								ahp offers a range of botanical identification services. customers can provide their own specimen for authentication or ahp can arrange for a specimen to be ethically collected on their behalf.
								











ahp membership
								all ahp members receive exclusive benefits, including a digital subscription to ahp’s news & views updates and our quarterly herbal qrs (quality, research, safety) bulletin.
								











ahp monographs under development

triphala, amla, bellerica, haritaki monographs and therapeutic compendiums














the american herbal pharmacopoeia (ahp) is proposing to develop four ahp monographs and therapeutic compendiums for the three individual triphala fruits (phyllanthus emblica, terminalia bellirica, terminalia chebula) and the triphala combination. terminalia bellirica has just been published.
the individual fruits in triphala are some of the most important herbal compounds in the ayurvedic materia medica and triphala is by far the most important formula in ayurveda for promoting human health. it is used in both detoxification therapies, especially prior to engaging in panchakarma therapy, is used as a rejuvenative tonic , and used for health maintenance, making it one of the most versatile herbal cleansers and tonifers avaiable. it is also among the oldest continually used formula on the planet, in use for more than 1200 years. this alone makes this formula and its ingredients worth learning about.


sponsorship
 amount raised$33,000
 project goal$37,000
89%





view all monographs under development






					meet ahp
					
the american herbal pharmacopoeia® relies on the expertise of a worldwide network of medicinal plant experts. these efforts are supported by the following team of dedicated individuals in our california office.







roy upton, rh, dipayu
president










diana swisher, mayu
administrator / operations manager










mark keller
ahp brm fulfillment manager










cathirose petrone, ma
writer and editor / pr director













 
 







shipping address billing/letter mailing address:
american herbal pharmacopoeia
po box 66809
scotts valley, ca 95067

the role of ahp (video)
https://youtu.be/ljgg7-s_aogdisclaimer the content on this website is intended for educational and research purposes only. it is in no way meant to replace the advice of an appropriately qualified healthcare professional.

image credits oplopanax image courtesy of robert l. carr. cheney, wa.







  copyright © 2024.  american herbal pharmacopoeia.  all rights reserved.













ahp responds to claims of ashwagandha abortifacient effectsread now 
+






































