 psychometric tests and testing assessment - test yourself your career may depend on it.



 



 

 



about 
psychometricsthe 
theory behind testingtry 
personality testinghome


 
career 
      advice








how to pass
                personality assessment tests 

                psychometric test




 
job 
      interview & questions

 
personality 
      testing 

 
job 
      searching 

 
 

  
  




 
news
 


 



 


 
 
 


 


 


 


 


 


poweredby
feedangel


 


 
 
 


 



 


 



 


 
 
 


 


follow 
        us on twitter

 
make a contribution
we're interested in white papers, statistical 
          information, test case studies and informed comment from people and 
          companies with authoritative views and relevant information on psychometric 
          testing and the tests process. 

          submit your article 
how 
          to pass personality tests
          increase your chances of test 
          success, 250+ page guide providing
          essential tips to assist you during 
          your job seeking process.
 


 
 

 
personality and psychometric tests

        "- the science of measuring mental capacities and processes." 
        - oxford english dictionary
the dictionary definition may be a simple 
        one, but it belies the complexity of a subject that has become increasingly 
        important to businesses in recent years.
the use of personality type testing in particular, has a 
        vital role to play in recruitment processes if companies and organisations 
        are to find the most suitable candidates.
in fact, psychometric testing is now widely accepted as 
        one of the most effective benchmarking tools to judge the suitability 
        for a role and explores aspects of their character that can be judged 
        from an interview alone. 
traditionally, employers have tended to hire people on the 
        grounds that they have suitable qualifications and/or are good at interviews 
        - not because they have what it takes to be successful at doing the job 
        in question.

 tests also offer distinct benefits for 
        candidates too. whilst it is possible to fool a test and manipulate results, 
        who really wants a job that doesn't suit them and is sure to cause problems 
        in the future.
in recent years a broad range of businesses and organisations 
        operating in all walks of life have adopted such tests and it is wide 
        practices in a number of professions, including:

teaching
nursing
professional football

the armed forces
police

finance


of course, there are some instances where psychometric tests 
        being used inappropriately, but, when used properly, it is good for employers 
        and candidates. the tests aren't a tool used by employers to trick candidates 
        out of a job, but are best used as one of several methods available to 
        ensure the right person gets the right job.
when coupled with intelligent interpretation of the results, 
        psychometric test, intelligence tests and personality tests can help produce 
        a perfect employee/job match, which ultimately is in everyone's interest.
a recent news article 
it was indicated that over the past five years psychometric 
        tests have grown in popularity and play an increasingly important 
        role in the selection of a wide range of professionals - from teachers 
        and nurses to premiership footballers.



 


if you are thinking of changing your job or career, 
              taking a test can prove invaluable. as an estimated 65 per cent 
              of employers now ask candidates to take one, taking a test now will 
              help you to know what to expect during the recruitment process.
it will also help you to decide what career 
              or type of job is best for you.

              just a few test questions that may change your life.

              how to pass a psychometric test
 












   
 
   
 
 

psychometric tests and your career 

from school leavers to executive management, testing 
                can help in everything from career 
                planning to personal relationships.

                if an employer is using testing in their recruitment, staff development 
                and retention processes, you can balance the scales in your favour 
                by learning how you would appear by taking your own test.
face 
your interview with an easy mind   

  
  
  

recruitment,
don't reject the best candidate

   

hiring? psychometrics 
                and employers
employers you could 
be rejecting your most suitable candidates before they even get on to your short 
list! 
learn 
                how by using personaity testing in your recruitment, staff development 
                and retention processes you can build better teams.
our system will: 
                 • help you make much better people 
decisions  • reduce your staff turnover • save you time and 
money • improve working relationships,  • that we are willing 
to remove any risk in your buying decision.  psychometric 
testing for employers  sign up for a free 
trial employers personality assessment tests account.




the aim of psychometric advantage
our intention here is to provide a resource base from 
          which you can find the right providers for testing services, authoritative 
          advice on how to complete a psychometric 
          test, and a growing knowledge base that you can refer to to find 
          out more about this powerful job-matching tool.

 

 
        make a  contribution

we're interested in white papers, statistical 
        information, case studies and informed comment from people and companies 
        with authoritative views and relevant information.

        submit your article







how to pass
                personality assessment tests 

                psychometric test






 
  
 


© psychometric advantage testing 2002-2014 all rights reserved 
 
site 
map resources 
 contact us: info@psychometricadvantage.com 

 
 
  
 
  web 
analytics provided by iwebtrack  
