






the mike boyle restaurant show |
































































 























home
calendar
newsletter
about

about mike boyle
photos
sponsors


contact
the blog
 





select page


  
 



 



 













biking through san jose del cabo with jack and lory








me with brad, steve, mike – 150 years of restaurant experience 








some show listeners enjoying cancun








enjoying lunch at viewhouse centennial with daughter and her husband








sailing with gusto mexico group in tulum








just some of the listeners joining me at costa mujeres, cancun








exploding mayan ruins at san gervasio, cozumel, mexico with daughter








a fun day hiking the tikal, guatemala mayan ruins.








whale watching cruise off santa barbara coast








some of the kids we have helped in the dominican republic








…and some of the kids we are now helping in mexico








the restaurant show has a book club








summiting a colorado 14er with scott and nate.








dad, daughter day trip to san sebastian del oeste, mexico.








dad, daughter visiting their seventh continent – antarctica.








producing our own wine with gusto mexico in guadalupe valley, mexico












on the restaurant show we strive to get you out and about – trying new restaurants, remembering old favorites, to hopefully encourage you to try new dishes, or new cuisines. restaurants have always been, and continue to be, a break in your day, a respite from the rigors of life. an opportunity to enjoy time with family, friends, business associates, or even alone with your thoughts or a good book. to feed not only your body, but to feed your soul, to put a smile on your face.
so, look over the site, check out the calendar of upcoming events where we visit area restaurants, and take groups of listeners on trips to wonderful vacation spots like hawaii, mexico, and the caribbean. whether it’s on the radio, at a local restaurant for one of our great meal deals, or on an exotic excursion abroad, everybody is always welcome on the restaurant show.





latest posts






            2             
            sep

on the road again





            27             
            feb

america’s loneliest highway





            28             
            oct

less luggage, more money!





            5             
            sep

i love road trips





            27             
            sep

mexico has a wine region?





            23             
            may

this is the face…






upcoming events


feb. 18 – new tulum international airport |  dream cancun resort & spa  (tulum)
feb. 26 – join me for the morning show |  ihop  (greenwood village)
mar. 01 – grand opening of rita's italian ice |  rita's italian ice & frozen custard  (colorado springs)
mar. 12 – an evening meal in cuba |  ristorante arelita  (colorado springs)
mar. 15 – celebrate spring with barbecue |  dickey's barbecue pit  (castle rock)
mar. 17 – saint patrick's day |  black-eyed peas - all 8 locations
mar. 20 – first day of spring - free italian ice |  rita's italian ice & frozen custard  (colorado springs)
mar. 26 – restaurant show book club |  viewhouse restaurant  (centennial)
mar. 29 – lunch bunch at panino's |  panino's downtown  (colorado springs)
apr. 12 – almuerzo en la mision |  la mission mexican restaurant  (falcon)






on the road again, just can’t wait to get on the road again? maybe a day trip to enjoy a nice restaurant, maybe two or three days for a mountain getaway? colorado offers plenty of both. tune in to each radio broadcast for the travel segment brought to you by the castle rock autoplex where you can have your choice of chevrolets, gmcs, jeeps, fords, chrysler, dodge, and more. new or used. they can help you. safe travels!.





listen to the podcast









subscribe to the mailing list




leave this field empty if you're human: 











kznt
 
saturday 10-1
sunday 10-noon
studio: (719) 388-0391
 






knus 710am
 
saturday 3-5
sunday 10-noon
studio: (303) 696-1971
 








 











facebook




instagram




rss


copyright © 2025 mike boyle development|developed by ewilkes|proudly powered by wordpress 









 


































