







grasim industries: leading in cement, textiles, and chemicals | aditya birla group

























































eplore grasim
news & updates
investor
about grasim 









  

this is how we change india…
one smile at time
view grasim’s csr video
know more





  

i have always believed that the stronger we grow, the greater the impact we create and the more we inspire to become a force for good.
know more





  

a force for good
creating and scaling growth engines for a growing economy
view the digital grasim integrated annual report 2023-24
know more





  


grasim industries recognised as a sustainable organisation 2024 by times now - global sustainability alliance
know more





  

birla opus launches its new thematic communication and embarks on a journey to  ‘make life beautiful’
know more





scroll down 








grasim industries limited, a flagship company of the aditya birla group, ranks amongst the top publicly listed companies in india. incorporated in 1947, it started as a textiles manufacturer in india. today, it has evolved into a leading diversified player with leadership presence across many sectors. it is a leading global producer of cellulosic fibres, diversified chemicals, fashion yarn and fabrics producer in india. implementing next phase of transformational growth journey, the company has entered paints business under the brand name ‘birla opus’. out of the six plants to be set-up for manufacturing decorative paints across pan india locations, four plants have commenced operations. leveraging the group synergies, grasim has launched ‘birla pivot’, the b2b online marketplace for building materials. through its subsidiaries, ultratech cement, aditya birla capital and aditya birla renewables, it is also india’s prominent cement producer, leading diversified financial services player and clean energy solutions player. grasim was awarded the prestigious economic times conscious corporate award 2024, for its pioneering leadership in environmental, social, and governance (esg) practices, exemplifying the unwavering commitment to being a force for good. at grasim, there is an endeavour to create sustainable value for 45,000+ employees, 2,52,000+ shareholders, society, and customers. the company reported consolidated net revenue of ₹ 1,30,978 cr. and ebitda of ₹20,837 cr. in fy 2024.










explore grasim
a leading diversified player with leadership presence across many sectors







investors
forest-to-fashion
grasim
viscose
aditya birla group
chemicals
liva
sustainability
news
textiles
cellulose
milestones








 news & updates 










birla cellulose achieves top ranking in canopy's 2024 hot button report


 






birla opus paints unveils its 4th factory at chamarajnagar, karnataka


 






grasim q2fy25 consolidated revenue stood at ₹33,563 cr., up by 11% yoy










grasim raises its first sustainability linked non-convertible debentures (ncd) of inr 1,250 crore from the international finance corporation (ifc)










birla cellulose’s kharach unit successfully achieves eu bat


 






grasim wins silver under excellence in brsr-large cap (manufacturing sector) at the 3rd sustainability reporting awards by the institute of chartered accountants of india (icai)


 















 






 investor dashboard 




stock quotes
nse
 
bse
 








shareholders' information 


quarterly results 


corporate presentation, december 2024 


corporate governance 


green initiative 


shareholding pattern 









integrated annual report fy 2023-24

 view all 




 







about grasim


grasim industries limited, a flagship company of the aditya birla group, ranks amongst the top publicly listed companies in india. incorporated in 1947, it started as a textiles manufacturer in india. today, it has evolved into a leading diversified player with leadership presence across many sectors. it is a leading global producer of cellulosic fibres, diversified chemicals, fashion yarn and fabrics producer in india. implementing next phase of transformational growth journey, the company has entered paints business under the brand name ‘birla opus’. out of the six plants to be set-up for manufacturing decorative paints across pan india locations, four plants have commenced operations. leveraging the group synergies, grasim has launched ‘birla pivot’, the b2b online marketplace for building materials. through its subsidiaries, ultratech cement, aditya birla capital and aditya birla renewables, it is also india’s prominent cement producer, leading diversified financial services player and clean energy solutions player. grasim was awarded the prestigious economic times conscious corporate award 2024, for its pioneering leadership in environmental, social, and governance (esg) practices, exemplifying the unwavering commitment to being a force for good. at grasim, there is an endeavour to create sustainable value for 45,000+ employees, 2,52,000+ shareholders, society, and customers. the company reported consolidated net revenue of ₹ 1,30,978 cr. and ebitda of ₹20,837 cr. in fy 2024.

a $15 billion conglomerate

a 76-year   track record of creating large businesses & brands
57% holding in ultratech cement, india's no.1 cement producer



 

 




 
 nagda, madhya pradesh
  155 ktpa
 grasim's largest manufacturing unit, nagda is also the world's largest producer of spun-dyed specialty fibre. it produces a wide range of vsf to suit customer needs in terms of length, denier and colour
 




 

 




 
  karwar, karnataka
  91 ktpa
caustic soda - grasim’s karvar chemical division helped the company consolidate its efforts in south india
 




 

 




 
  harihar, karnataka
   88  ktpa
the harihar unit was the first manufacturing plant in india to use indigenous wood resources with in-house technology.
 




 

 




 
 vilayat, gujarat
   164  ktpa
the plant commissioned in fy2015, is grasim’s newest vsf plant. it focuses on producing specialty fibres - modal, micro modal and dyed
 




 

 




 
 kharach, gujarat
  159 ktpa
the unit in kharach was set up in 1996 to manufacture vsf. it is also the hub of grasim’s research and development.
 




 

 




 
 rehla, jharkhand
  110 ktpa
caustic soda
 




 

 




 
 renukoot, uttar pradesh
129 ktpa
caustic soda: renukoot chemical division (rcd), grasim’s chlor-alkali unit was formed after the acquisition of the chloro chemicals division of kanoria chemicals in may 2011
 




 

 




 
 ganjam, odisha
 91  ktpa
caustic soda
 




 

 




 
  rishra, west bengal
36 ktpa
the rishra unit manufactures ceramic insulators for transmission lines and is iso 14001:2004, iso 9001:2015 & ohsas 18001:2007 certified
 




 

 




 
  century textiles, shahad, maharashtra
26  ktpa
with an annual capacity of 26kt, ctil’s vfy business manufactures pot spun yarn, continuous spun yarn, vfy and rayon tyre yarn.
 




 

 




 
  indian rayon, veraval, gujarat
21 ktpa
the indian rayon unit in veraval manufactures 21,000 tpa of high quality vfy.
 




 

 




 
  balabhadhrapuram, andhra pradesh
146  ktpa
caustic soda
 




 

 




 
  vikram woollens, madhya pradesh
9,984 spindles
wool capacities: worsted yarn – 9,984 spindles
 




 

 




 
  panipat plant, haryana
230 mlpa
plot no 48-62, hsiidc, industrial estate, refinery road, panipat, panipat, haryana, 132140
 




 

 




 
  ludhiana plant, punjab
200 mlpa
plot nos b1 and d 02 p, hi tech cycle valley, dhanansu, ludhiana, punjab – 141112
 




 

 




 
  cheyyar plant, tamil nadu
206 mlpa
plot no. a-3-1 a-4-2, phase 2, sipcot industrial complex, mahajanambakkam village, cheyyar thaluk, tiruvannamalai, tamil nadu, 631701
 





















×

































