






 
jim treacher





























































































skip to content



commenting things.
 713-333-4330admin@jimtreacher.com
search:










jim treacher
commenting things.

home editor’s choicehurricane harvey drug addiction health law enrollment cut most likely to become a terrorist award tuberculosis vaccine  army economy healthcare politics aboutcontact  



 
home editor’s choicehurricane harvey drug addiction health law enrollment cut most likely to become a terrorist award tuberculosis vaccine  army economy healthcare politics aboutcontact  













 






 






 



 



jim treacher 
							commenting things 
							










hello!my name is jim treacher –


watching the developments in the us political scene from the outside feels different. you are not under any kind of pressure to take sides. this gives you an eagle eye view of the entire event.
i really love the caribbean because of the way it makes you feel younger. the weather is immaculate and i love the feeling of the beach sand between my toes. i have grown fond of the political scene for a while, especially with the coming into power of president donald trump. i could not hold back anymore so i decided to open my personal blog where i would comment on some of these issues.





more articles on the recent us political issues.


issues that caught my attentionhurricane harvey: the significance of donald trump's visit to houstonview articlespending on health law enrollment cut by trump administrationview articledrug addiction: opioids are not the only ones to be fearedview articletuberculosis vaccine invented over a century ago offers more merits than previously thoughtview articlearmyeconomyeducation systemhealthcareforeign affairs












issues i look atmain topics


i thought by now i would have retired from active social commentary and advocacy but the love of my home country plagues me even in a foreign land. i do not want to think of the coming of president trump into office as america’s greatest mistake – not yet – but i will be watching closely to see how events unfold.
i also look at other issues including the army, the economy, the education system, healthcare and foreign affairs. my aim for this is to bring you an unbiased view of some of the burning issues in the different sectors of the united states.


my recent posts


 



the message trump’s presence in the howdy modi event sends to the world

economy, jim treacher blog, politicsby jim treacher24/02/2021leave a comment
it has been 100+ days since the closure of the general elections 2019 in which narendra modi won a decisive victory with a 2/3rd majority. winning a resounding majority after enjoying a majority in the previous government has been a great shot in the arm for the rss backed modi government. while the major moves…

read more



 



is violence in the us a problem we can solve?

jim treacher blogby jim treacher01/08/2019leave a comment
the us may seem very clean mature and wealthy on a map when the lifestyle is considered, but almost everyone on the globe is aware of the gun violence that is dominating the us society overtime since 1970. the violence in the us is widespread and sometimes it seems that it has turned out to…

read more



 



us need to learn from china gun ownership restriction

jim treacher blog, politicsby jim treacher15/05/2018leave a comment
in the wake of the massacre at the parkland florida high school, chinese newspaper the global times has asked the mighty nation of us to learn from china. according to the article published in the newspaper, the paper asks the us to learn from china. furthermore, it goes on to say that life is the…

read more



 



traumatized combat soldiers will soon get mdma treatment

army, jim treacher blogby jim treacher31/01/2018leave a comment
witnessing a life-threatening event can lead to post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd). this debilitating mental condition is, in most cases, misdiagnosed for many years. it results in body shakes, panic attacks, insomnia and nightmares. doctors may mistake it for anxiety and depression. there are many triggers to the symptoms including loneliness, physical contact, loud sounds, seeing…

read more



 



first gene-altering leukaemia treatment gets fda approval

healthcare, jim treacher blogby jim treacher22/12/2017leave a comment
the fight against cancer made a great stride with the approval of the first cancer-fighting gene therapy. the treatment makes use of the patient’s immune system to fight leukaemia. the food and drug administration (fda) approved the treatment that genetically alters the patient’s cells to fight the cancerous cells. this is a milestone that will…

read more



 



salmonella can be contracted from backyard chicken consumption

healthcare, jim treacher blogby jim treacher06/12/2017leave a comment
if you keep chickens in your backyard, then you have to be careful to avoid contracting salmonella from them. there are many ways your backyard chickens can catch salmonella. the first is known as the horizontal transfer. if this is the case with your chickens, then it is really no fault of yours. horizontal transfer…

read more
tag cloud



 
economy
resctrions
north korea
poultry
impeachment
daca decision
leukaemia treatment
explosion
bravery
united nations
china
mdma treatment
transgender recruitment
kim jong un
tax overhaul
health
hero
war
law
gene-altering
photographer
violence
entertainment
ptsd
gun law
fda
salmonella
soldier
army specialist
human rights
us army
elections
constitution amendment
bankruptcy
guns
republicans
donald trump
government
politics 




streaming services - watch now!



caught fapping – being the newest project of adult time it features fantasy scenarios of step family members being caught during their moments of intimacy. what happens next after some persuasion? you can imagine yourself.


https://caughtfapping.net




next door studios – all the finest gay erotica has to offer in 2023. watch the most iconic stars and unique, taboo-filled subseries of this studio.


https://gaysdoors.com



dpfanatics – for all lovers of quality double penetrations – this brand has been around for years and keeps delivering the finest european content of this genre. give it a try, we have prepared lots of extended videos for free to watch.


https://dpfanatics.tube




pawg – as simple as phat ass white girls and this is what you are getting in this exclusive of bang bros studio.


https://whatispawg.com



property sex – this is how real estate deals are done the american way. smoking hot property realtors are luring clients into their potential investments and convince them it’s once in a lifetime kind of deal. but is it?


https://sexrealtor.com




downlow boys – probably one of few places on the web where things are only black and white. check out this dogfart’s exclusive.


https://downlowboys.net



rocco siffredi – the man himself is inviting you to visit his new home where current and upcoming productions are presented. watch the man himself on his naughty adventures. being both in front and behind the camera he’s proof that every single video is published with his seal of approval!


https://siffredirocco.com




voyr – gay paradise with performers from latin american countries. enjoy the unlimited and unrestricted pleasure.


https://gaoyr.com



twink trade – trading gay stepsons in this exclusive series of say uncle network is certainly something unique. watch stepdads doing business their old, educated ways and having bunch of pleasure while doing so. all it takes is just creativity… and willingness!


https://gaytrades.com









it is not always easy to tell the end from the beginning. i believe the struggle to make america great again is a collective battle – one which cannot be achieved by a single man. leaders need the support of their followers to succeed but it is crucial that we point them in the right direction, and that they listen to us, the people.



want to discuss some political issues that are concerning you?get in touch



leave a reply cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 













 jim treacher blog 2017. all rights reserved.
                

privacy policy cookies footer







go to top

























































