







 ncb cayman




































 













home
about
services
team
news
contact

online banking







home
about
services
team
news
contact

online banking










swift
efficient
global

open an account
















expertise
access
flexibility

open an account




















we are a financial institution withvast experience offering uniqueaccess to global opportunities.imagine the possibilities when youbank and invest differently.

find out more










investmentbanking
learn more






privatebanking
learn more






wealthmanagement
learn more





















our team







tuula jalasjaa, cfa int’l mba
acting managing director
jalasjaat@jncb.com
tuula is a distinguished senior executive in financial services and wealth management, with 25 years of experience managing retail, commercial, and corporate businesses. her diverse background includes leading private wealth management and banking operations.with a strategic mind and sharp focus on business growth and improving relationships with key industries in the caribbean, tuula's extensive experience, strategic vision, and unwavering commitment to diversity and financial empowerment make her a transformative leader in the financial services industry.


cheyenna calderon-hoaglund
senior relationship manager
calderonc@jncb.com
cheyenna is an accountant by education and experience, with a masters in international business and finance. she has worked in a variety of roles during her career; including assistant financial controller of a major us publically traded company. cheyenna has worked in the private banking industry as a trust and corporate services manager since 2007 and currently serves as ncb (cayman) limited’s client services manager. she is responsible for client onboarding and portfolio management.cheyenna is an active member of the cayman islands banker's association.


desiree va myles
relationship manager
mylesdva@jncb.com
desiree has over 15 years of experience in private wealth management, providing excellent customer service to a large client portfolio, including onboarding new accounts for companies and individuals.at ncb (cayman) limited, she also manages and develops corporate and commercial banking accounts and supports the creation and implementation of business strategies for the bank.desiree is a highly skilled private banker with substantial knowledge and experience working with private clients to help them create and preserve wealth. she is results-oriented with extraordinary business acumen and a passion for wealth management, which makes her an asset to ncb (cayman) limited, her clients and key stakeholders.desiree graduated with honours from the international college of the cayman islands (icci), where she obtained a masters of science in management with a focus on human resources, which prepared her for managerial positions in top global organisations. she is also a member of sigma beta delta, the international honour society for business, management and administration, in recognition of her high academic achievement and willingness to pursue a life of wisdom, honour and aspirations.


maria beyna
regional wealth advisor
beynamc@jncb.com
maria’s 18-year tenure with ncb capital markets (cayman) ltd has allowed her the platform to offer her clients strategic and insightful investment banking opportunities. known for her strong commitment to service excellence and having an in depth knowledge of wealth management approaches, maria now currently serves as regional wealth advisor responsible for the daily management of client investment portfolios in excess of usd 180 million.her professional scope also lends itself to a variety of experiences namely offering advisory services to a broad array of clientele namely individuals and privately owned businesses; performing several transactions, including trust and estate-planning services, for ultra-high net worth clients. prior to joining the ncb capital markets (cayman) ltd and ncb (cayman) limited teams, maria has worked in the treasury and retail banking industries for over 10 years and previous experience in customer service within the energy and consumer lifestyle sectors.maria is an internationally accredited certified financial planner by the chartered banker institute (scotland), who also has an msc in investment finance from the university of technology, jamaica amongst other degrees and certificates in the field. she is a member of the cayman finance european committee.


thianna grant
associate investment advisor
granttr@jncb.com
thianna has 12 years of experience in wealth management, client servicing and investment advisory services, gained in jamaica and the cayman islands. she holds a master of science (msc) in management studies marketing (awarded with distinction) and a bachelor of science (bsc)degree in economics from the university of the west indies (uwi). she also holds a certified jamaican securities course.her introduction into the financial sector came from early mentorship and training at ncb capital markets ltd. thianna’ s strong relationship management skills, coupled with her in-depth product knowledge has seen her evolve into one of organizations’ top performing officers and have been recognized many times for her outstanding work ethic.in her role, thianna oversees all account servicing activities and provides effective support to the sales team to achieve sales objectives.


robert whelan
portfolio manager
whelanrh@jncb.com
robert is a fully qualified chartered accountant with cfa level three status. with a robust background in wealth management spanning ten years, he has significant experience in accountancy, audit, research, trading and portfolio construction and management. robert is adept at structuring discretionary portfolios for clients within a multi-asset framework to optimise returns and accomplish client objectives. his unique skillset and client centric approach make him a valuable asset at ncb.









latest news
view all news






ncb capital markets regional webinars


read more







7 secular growth themes to hold for 5 years


read more











stay up to date
to find out more about ncb (cayman) limited and ncb capital markets (cayman) ltd, click the button below - we will subscribe you to our mailing list and one of our relationship managers will be in touch.
subscribe









+1 345 949 8002
ncbcaymaninfo@jncb.com








cayman islands
ncb (cayman) limited and ncb capital markets (cayman) ltd, the pavilion, cricket square, george town, cayman islands.


jamaica
32 trafalgar road, kingston 10, jamaica w.i



view our brochure
data subject access request form
data sar form - authority to act
privacy policy
protect yourself
security guarantee
ncb (cayman) limited 2023 pillar 3 disclosures








financial services regulator: the cayman islands monetary authority (cima)  |  home supervisor: the bank of jamaica (boj) head office: national commercial bank jamaica limited, 32 trafalgar road, kingston 10, jamaica w.i










