

















auto loans, credit cards, mortgage, cd, ira, banking | water and power community credit union











      skip to main content
    
















    our branches and offices will be closed on monday, february 17, in observance of presidents’ day. online banking is available 24/7. click here to access your accounts. ### 
our hearts go out to everyone affected by the southern california fires. if you need financial assistance, please call us at 800-300-9728 or submit a request. learn more. we’re here for you.  ### as a reminder, be cautious of scammers pretending to provide assistance during this time of emergency. do not respond. report it by calling us or submit a fraud report.  














expand menu





search site



search









setup online access



main menu

get started










apply online





open a new account






vehicle or personal loans






heloc or mortgage



















special auto loan rates that you'll love!











invest in you










deposits




checking accountssavings accountscoverdell education savingsmoney market accountssavings certificatesflexible savings certificatesindividual retirement accountscurrent deposit rates  


















go jumbo! whether you’re buying or refinancing a home, we can help!











what you borrow










loans




home loans
vehicle loans
credit cards 
personal loans
solar loans
current loan rates 








making life easier










tools and resources




financial calculatorselectronic servicesskip-a-loan paymentwpccu blogfinancial webinarshow-to videosshare the benefits of wpccusavings clubscredit counselingfinancial adviceinsuranceinvestment & retirement planning


















keep your financial goals on track with our new tools. investments offered through cuso financial services, lp











atms & branches






stay connected





branch hours & co-op finder
current promotions
members testimonials






contact us



















is your automobile lease expiring? you might want to consider buying it


















hours















login menu


login


banking


credit card


investment




setup access





search site



search

































 
















we're here for you!
if you need financial assistance, wpccu can help
learn more













making your financial life better




previous













heloc
apr as low as

    8.50%*




















certificates
apy as high as
3.75%*

















auto loans
apr as low as

    5.49%




















all rates
check today's
rates

















get started
apply
online






next



*apy = annual percentage yield 



search

search site



search













apply





new membership
credit cards
home loans
all other loans




x






















planning to buy out your car lease?



avoid the dealership: we can help you buy out your lease. wpccu has partnered with lease buyout center to streamline the process. 
learn more about  planning to buy out your car lease?

















keep your retirement goals on track



access our tools to plan for your financial future and connect with cfs* advisors to discuss your financial goals.
* non-deposit investment products and services are offered through cuso financial services, l.p.  (member finra/sipc)
get started about  keep your retirement goals on track

















how-to videos



with wpccu online/mobile banking, you have the tools to manage your money! check out our how-to instructional videos to help you better navigate our digital tools.
watch now about  how-to videos

















relax



wpccu’s personal service is designed to spoil you. and our full suite of financial services completes the circle of meeting virtually any financial need you might have.
read more about  relax

















borrow



we're not a bank. we're your credit union. as a cooperative, we lend to each other for everyone's benefit.
read more about  borrow

















grow



think of it. every dollar you save is like making an investment in you and your family.
read more about  grow











news & community





















      black history month 2025
    


posted on february 4, 2025

february is black history month! we invite our members to join us in celebrating this special month.



read more regarding black history month 2025 




















      socal wildfires - helpful resources
    


posted on january 17, 2025

our hearts go out to everyone affected by the wildfires in southern california. we’ve compiled a list of helpful fire relief and recovery resources.



read more regarding socal wildfires - helpful resources 




















      southern california fires
    


posted on january 9, 2025

our hearts go out to everyone affected by the southern california fires. a message from our ceo about financial assistance.



read more regarding southern california fires 

























go back to top of the page.











footer


contact us


careers


about us


meet our leaders


what you should know


for your protection


terms of use


privacy policy: do not sell my personal information


fees and charges


forms & applications












@wpccu




subscribe to wpccu enews >
moneywise blog >






find atm/branches
main number: 800-300-9728
fax number: 213-559-0653
atm/debit or credit card lost or stolen
800-300-9728 or 213-580-1600

routing number
#322078422








if you are using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and are having problems using this website, please call us at 800-300-9728 for assistance. all products, services and information available on this website are also available at any of our physical branches, where we would be happy to assist you further.
copyright © 2024 water and power community credit union





















open accessibility panel




we are committed to providing a fully accessible and optimized user experience for all site visitors, regardless of vision or other impairments.       


toggle high contrast
the contrast between foreground and background text will increase. non-essential images will be removed.


















