













 




strategy plus | digital marketing agency in birmingham






































































 









































primary menu growth package
what we do

seo
social
video
branding
websites
content
ppc
email


hubspot
about

the agency
the team
how we work
our story
our value promise
careers


contact
 







  
















the digital marketing agency with 360 digital strategies




birmingham’s leading digital marketing agency for ambitious small businesses.
we are hubspot and google-certified partners, delivering more for less.


claim your free video recorded review 








hubspot certified





google ad certified





0 fixed term contracts





a growth agency with pedigree and values
since 1997, we have grown hundreds of businesses from our little office in the jewellery quarter. our holistic strategies, proven process, and hubspot partnership have helped us exceed expectations.
we are driven by simply understanding that “we succeed by growing others”. understanding this ensures we are 100% focused on client results.

















hubspot certified agency partner





our certified status with hubspot is evidence of our capabilities in delivering real business growth with their suite of tools.
we have been practising and implementing the inbound marketing methodology since 2012. generating long-lasting and exponential growth for our clients.
we are here to ensure that you make the most of your hubspot investment. the suite of tools has huge potential, so let’s put them to work.
get started with hubspot’s free crm and its levels of automation will grow with you.





google certified partner





if you are in need of instant leads or sales then google is the first place to go. google’s ad platform consists of search, shopping, youtube and a network reaching 90% of people online.
the ad platform is hugely powerful, allowing various:

targeting methods – demographics, intent, keywords, retargeting…
goals – brand awareness, customer engagement, leads and revenue.
creatives – text, products, videos, images, html5…

the ever-changing variety of options and tools can be complicated. to ensure your ad budget is maximised, you need a qualified manager in charge of your campaigns.
not only to get the most out of individual campaigns but to ensure that they all work with one another in a proven strategy.














our digital marketing services





we are able to help build businesses whether it is from scratch or developing existing campaigns to help them achieve their potential.
we do this by using our strategy dna methodology and our full-service in-house marketing team to attract, engage and convert your target audience.










web design




get a well-crafted website for your brand and its target audience. ensure it communicates your brand messaging perfectly and delivers genuine leads.




find out more +










seo




get better rankings, traffic and conversions through 20+ years seo experience. we optimise your website so that it’s as relevant, user-friendly and trustworthy as possible….just as google likes it.




find out more +










social media marketing




if you want to shout about your brand, it’s time to go social. we increase brand awareness and improve brand perception online. it’s not just about amazing creatives, we strengthen your brand and research your audience to create a strategy that delivers growth.




find out more +










content marketing




high quality content and successful digital marketing go hand in hand. we create the perfect content for all stages of the buying process and in all forms, whether it be written, graphic or video.




find out more +










video marketing




video is the most effective way to grab attention, keep your customers engaged, and provide the credibility to convert. we have developed several video marketing cost effective packages to create videos for your website, social media and ads.




find out more +










branding




create and develop your brand to get noticed, resonate and remembered.




find out more +










crm




hubspot is the world’s leading, all-in-one inbound marketing, sales and customer services automation platform.




find out more +










email marketing




email marketing is an essential way to stay in contact with your customers and prospects. low cost and personalised to make it one of the most effective forms of marketing there is.




find out more +










ppc




to ensure you get instant traffic from those searching and showing real intent to buy, google and facebook ad platforms offer direct access to your target audience.




find out more +











it’s all about the strategy





no one can deny the powers of the internet. there’s potentially millions of people online all wanting to hear about your brand – and they’re just a click away.
there’s no luck involved. it’s all about getting that winning formula.
developing the right strategy, with exactly the right content, shared at exactly the right time. sounds simple? well, we do the hard part for you.
the digital marketing strategy has to be in line with your business strategy. strategy plus has created a strategy dna:


1. diagnose


swot analysis & smart goal setting


2. navigate


what you should & shouldn’t be do


3. act


the campaign tasks to achieve your goals within the guidance





how we are different…






we create 360 holistic digital marketing strategies because the buying process is never as simple as you’d like.
strategies involve a range of specialisms to achieve the maximum roi. we utilise all skills and tools to ensure we get the best results.
our agency is structured to allow for very experienced (10+ years average) specialists in every digital marketing role. we don’t employ apprentices, graduates and juniors.
we don’t employ various managers or business development people, so we can invest in better people who deliver better results.
we believe in quality over quantity to ensure we can deliver industry-leading digital marketing services.






get your strategy guide


download your guide now 





check out our case studies


don’t just take our word for it though, here is what our clients say.


       jason boden plan (b) creative  at very short notice, strategy plus brought this project to the forefront and worked until complete and live, in line with my clients timeline.            kishma bolaji birmingham black lawyers  from start to finish, an excellent service and we are so glad we found you! you somehow managed to turn the vision in my head into actual browsable pages on screen and exceeded my expectations. anne is a patient and knowledgeable project manager and we look forward to a continued working relationship with strategy plus. on behalf of myself and the birmingham black lawyers team, thank you so much for our fantastic new website!            brendan wincott guardian support uk  great company and great service…
brendan wincott
managing director            samantha murray reid & co solicitors  we were thoroughly impressed with the speed at which you got the website up and running, once we confirmed what we wanted and easy you made things.            darrell coghlan security 3000  just to let you know we have just had probably one of the most famous brands contact us with regards to security services … was very impressed with the website.
darrell coghlan
managing director            rebecca lynch birmingham law society  we have been extremely pleased with the work of strategy plus at birmingham law society. they have supported us through a large software project and produced a very sleek and professional website. i would highly recommend!
rebbeca lynch
head of operations
birmingham law society            clare mckee wm5g  daniel from strategy plus recently ran 2 workshops for a large group of west midlands based small businesses. sharing insights into what strategy is and isn’t, and how to approach creating an impactful business strategy. in the second workshop – 15 essentials for e-commerce success, strategy plus shared just what it takes; from product selection and profit margins, to effective joined-up marketing that delivers sales.
the audience was amazed at how much they had learnt and have since created their own business strategy and e-commerce business plans.
nothing beats learning from a successful practitioner that does this stuff day in day out. it keeps it real. thank you very much strategy plus on behalf of wm5g and 80 ambitious small businesses!
clare mckee
wm5g innovation partnership manager            rick lovell achieve health  exactly what is says on the tin! i have had the pleasure of working with strategy plus in my previous business and in my new business. not only has every aspect of the work they have carried out been excellent, they are also extremely approachable, understanding and easy to talk to. whether you need a website, e-commerce platform, seo, social media management, digital marketing, analytics or just about anything else world wide web related strategy plus really can help make it internet heaven!            william wong chung ying restaurants  strategy plus look after the email marketing for my business. they produce material to a high standard and are able to turn work around very quickly. highly recommend to any business looking to outsource their email marketing.            matthew ward copper & ash  fantastic knowledge, great service – i’d recommend to anyone            steve reid lloyd james media group  i appointed strategy plus to help with seo for a few of our brand websites. some were established sites and others were in pre-launch phase.
strategy plus proactively established the competitive landscape for each brand and the sector in which they trade and developed a plan for each website to improve organic search rankings. the plan has dovetailed nicely with our overall business objectives and strategy plus have worked in synergy with my internal team to ensure every opportunity to reach our goals can be achieved.
a good sign of a great agency partner is one in which the agency understands your business and aligns its efforts to your goals. strategy plus has impressed me with their ability to become subject experts in the various business sectors, as well as suggest improvements that go beyond their brief in the interest of overall customer engagement.
i have found strategy plus to be great value for money, reliable and flexible and always on hand to provide the benefit of their wider experience. i wholeheartedly recommend them as a trusted partner i trust.            mark underwood foster cranes  we are now getting enquiries via the site and have now sold two machines on the back of google ads. many thanks      








did you know?





only 2% of leaders are confident that they will achieve 80-100% of their strategic objectives
(source: pat ordenes, cascade)





over 3bn social media users and those aged 55+ are twice as likely to engage with brands online
(brandwatch, 2018)





81% of people start their research online before buying
(adweek)












 


 

company number:
06472270

digital marketing
blog
growth packages
hubspot
contact
support
video gallery
free video consultation
case studies
testimonials
privacy policy
cookie policy
right to be forgotten
 phone
0121 638 0457
19b tenby st north
the jewellery quarter
birmingham
west midlands
b1 3en




















support
contact us
disclaimer
add more
 

strategy plus digital marketing agency and hubspot partner








































