











vip homes - arizona’s premiere custom builder









































































 











vip homes

arizona's first name in quality construction


home
build on your land
dream, draw, create!
the vip difference
locations
contact us

general inquirieswarrantypreferred lender














click for virtual tour






















































click for virtual tour















click for virtual tour















click for virtual tour




































































































































click for virtual tour












below market interest rates and extended locks with preferred lender!
roc 099261








arizona’s premiere custom builder

serving the phoenix metro area




if you can dream it, we can build it.
since 1988, vip has been building luxury custom homes in the valley. unlike other builders, we can take your dream, provide a site or help you find a site, create construction plans, provide a full design center, navigate hoas, acquire permits and more all in-house with our very own vip team.
from inception, we have led the market in energy efficiency. our homes consistently outperform the averages in the home energy rating system (hers). if you want the lowest possible energy usage while maintaining your comfort, vip has the experience and skill to achieve it.




build on your landwhether you already own your land or need help finding a homesite, you can trust vip to assist in locating, developing and building your dream property. 
learn moredream. draw. create.vip homes has the in-house expertise to guide you in taking your dream from idea to reality. our philosophy is to begin with understanding your needs and wants.
learn morethe vip differencevip homes is a family owned and operated building company. our team has a combined experience of over 200 years.
learn more







our recent work


































 


 


 


 









copyright 2024, all rights reserved. powered by east valley web & graphic design.  terms and conditions.  privacy policy.



















