



vineland housing authority





















phone: 856-691-4099   tty: 800-852-7899   











menu


welcomeabout› board of commissioners› purchasing, bids, proposals› meetings, budgets, vendors›  facts and awardsemploymentapply for housingauthority owned properties› asselta acres› d'orazio terrace› kidston towers› melrose court› olivio towers› parkview apartments› scattered sites› tarkiln acres› vha officessection 8social services› about social services› congregate services› corbin educational center›  tarkiln acres nutrition sitelinkscontact







welcome!



thank you for visiting the vineland housing authority online

we have recently redesigned our website in order to give you a better understanding of who we are and what we do. here you will find information about the programs we support and services we offer. we are proud to serve the vineland area and have been doing so since 1965.
  click here  to send an email about general housing inquiries. 

 information about covid-19




announcements
covid-19 waiver adoption: the vineland housing authority has adopted a number of optional waivers provided by hud. these waivers allow for the delay or alternative execution of responsibilities such as inspections, recertifications, and other authority duties affected by the covid-19 pandemic.click here to review the full list of optional adopted waivers. in addition to the optional adopted waivers, pih 2021-14.12e requires all housing authorities to suspend community service and self-sufficiency requirement (cssr) for all public housing residents with recertifications due on or before april 30, 2022. click here to view the full pih notice. 
 




our mission

the mission of the vineland housing authority is to promote adequate and affordable housing, economic opportunity and a suitable living environment free from discrimination. the vha shall service the housing and social needs of lower income, elderly, disabled and family households living and working in the operating jurisdiction of the vha.










1-866-754-2778  |  

  |  site by sebly



