





ids employment law books for legal and hr professionals | thomson reuters










































































skip to main content



































all books







books by publisher















































back




all books
















legal






academic




alternative dispute resolution




commercial law & contract




competition law




construction law




contract law




conveyancing






corporate & business organisation




criminal law




european & eu law




family law




finance & banking law




insurance




intellectual property






labour employment & human resources




land & property




litigation




private client




real property




scottish law




tax & accounting law





all legal books













all legal books







in the spotlight




proview for ebooks

take ebooks wherever work goes, with online and offline access to thousands of legal and tax titles.





browse latest titles

be the first to browse the newest releases from top publishers.








questions? we are here to help






contact us















back


 books by publisher















 publishers





sweet & maxwell




w. green




round hall































help & support



















united states support





account help & support




communities




product help & support




product training















international support





australia




brazil




canada




legal uk, ireland & europe support











































sign in to your products





sign in to manage account



































employment law books and resources
ids employment law from thomson reuters
since 1966, ids has provided legal and hr professionals with the latest comprehensive coverage and analysis of uk employment law through expertly authored subscription services and publications











browse ids publications





























































essential handbooks and resources from ids employment law



















unmatched authority and coverage with the ids handbooks 
the ids handbooks provide detailed, expert guidance on employment law legislation and case law, with clear advice on how the law applies in practice. there are 16 titles, with three new editions published each year, available in print, online on westlaw uk, and as a proview ebook. the handbooks are also updated weekly on westlaw uk, with an email each friday notifying subscribers of the updates.





browse ids employment law handbooks (pdf)



















unparalleled currency with the ids employment law brief 
the ids employment law brief, published 10 times a year, updates on legislation, reports, research from employer and employee organisations, and tribunal statistics. offering expert guidance on judgments, legislation, and litigation trends, it provides detailed analysis and advice on employment law developments, with case law summaries highlighting significant cases and the practical implications.





subscribe here



















unmatched flexibility via multiformat subscription options
explore ids content through a variety of convenient formats to suit your needs and workflow. enjoy the traditional print format for portable and easily accessible legal insights. engage with our content anytime, anywhere using our user-friendly, browser-based proview ebook. for a seamless and integrated research experience, access westlaw uk, offering world-class research capabilities.





more information on subscription options (pdf)


















ids is a trusted source for essential employment law information and analysis










browse ids publications









































































products


products




                    academic
                



                    common law library
                



                    criminal law week
                



                    express wills
                



                    ids
                



                    legal solutions
                



                    proview ebooks
                



                    offers
                









about us


about us




                    sweet & maxwell
                



                    w. green
                



                    round hall
                



                    terms of trading
                



                    site terms of use
                



                    terms and conditions
                









customer services


customer services




                    shopping and delivery
                



                    billing and accounts
                



                    return policy
                



                    international customers
                



                    self service portal
                



                    contact us
                



                    accessibility
                









write with us


write with us




                    author hub
                



                    publication ethics policy
                



                    open access policy
                



                    permissions
                





























thomson reuters


























data protection inquiry





































