































































    pcfixshop pc personal computer & mac repairs in north west england uk
  













              
 


 

    home



  our services



  about us



  pcfixshop pc's



  ......


   nuc pc



  premium pc



  gaming pc



  ultimate pc



  the beast



  contact us



  our charges



  faq's



  business service list



  kodi



  monitors



  keyboards



  pc optional extras



  working from home



  covid 19



  clean pc



  malware & virus info



  windows 10



  windows 11



  old operating systems



  apple mac repairs



  ipad iphone & android repairs



  itunes and other media software



  testimonials



  gallery



  useful links













    
 





       
pcfixshopbolton, bury & rossendale pc computer repairs welcome to pcfixshop
computer repairs & new pc builds


   
   






 call us: 07766 461739
   



 e-mail: steve@pcfixshop.uk


   our services 
pcfixshop services home and business users for all of your computer service needs. it's easy to set up an appointment, just call for an on-site computer repair, service or new pc.  you can also choose to drop it off at our computer repair shop if that's more convenient.   pcfixshop looks forward to hearing about all of your computer repair problems, questions, comments and concerns.  our success is defined only by our customers satisfaction in another job well done.   

view details


 our guarantee 
 professional computer repairs, upgrades & services plus new builds.   all work fully guaranteed.  virus & malware clean-up.  application, system, driver, software patches and security fix installs.  windows 11 new pc systems built to order. wired & wireless networks,  firewalls,  emails, broadband,  web site design and it consultancy  - see our comprehensive full service list on the button below  see our
 business services page here 

and our covid19 response here 
 pcfixshop we come to you !
   

view details


 
business hours 
   mon - sat
 9:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sunday
 10:00 am 
- 1:00 pm





                  
buy a new windows 11 pc
 

  

view details




   
steve monteverde owner pcfixshop was established in north west england in 2002.   the business was originally started in london in 1996.  our aim is to provide a competitively priced and professional information technology service.  our it services include  personal computer repair, installation and maintenance of any it equipment...      read more

   




  pcfixshop cover all  makes of pc & mac especially hp, apple, lenovo, dell, toshiba,  asus, acer, msi, intel and scan etc.  we are also happy to help with out of manufacture older models.   if you built your own pc or purchased it from a friend or smaller business, we can also help.   pcfixshop also assemble our own new pc's  pc builds see here.   we are happy to perform all types of pc upgrades and peripheral installs.  more of our services include software installation and hardware maintenance. this includes motherboards, hard drive, modem, printer, dvd/rw, video cards & memory etc.  we can also install peripheral devices like printers, scanners, digital cameras.  we also repair apple and android phones and tablets.  we specialize in internet security including firewall installation & configuration.  experts in virus protection & browser installation & configuration.  networking solutions for small businesses, including ethernet cabling, wireless n/ac and ax, powerline hub installation and switches.   we deal with security backup issues, and of course website design and installation.see our full service list here or business service page here








  
 
virus removal & protection is your computer acting peculiar or running extremely slowly?  have your friends been receiving strange e-mails from you?  if you detect or merely suspect a virus on your computer, please contact us immediately.  just briefly explain the symptoms your computer is having and we can come and repair it.  pcfixshop are experts at properly removing viruses, patching up the damage and safely protecting your pc files for the future. we can suggest virus scan software and also install it. make sure you don't take viruses lightly because they can bring your computer activity to a screeching halt.see more on our virus & malware page 




   

pcfixshop help desk we provide remote and on-site it support to home users & small businesses at a time to suit you. you will receive help from us quickly and efficiently, and we will have your computer back up and running in no time.  contact us or call steve now on 07766 461739 


 
no hidden costs pcfixshop guarantees an onsite repair within 2 hours.  if the repair is a time consuming one, or requires specialist replacement parts (most common parts are carried to mobile jobs) a bench fix may be offered to you at no extra charge...      read more

   




  your computer will then be picked up safely and then taken back to the pcfixshop office, where steve will personally repair the pc.  the computer will then be fully upgraded, all security updates from windows or mac osx will be applied plus all the latest driver updates for your motherboard, video-card and other hardware components will be installed. we will also perform common application updates for ms office, adobe, google etc.  the latest anti-virus update tools will be loaded together with the latest anti-spy and firewall solutions - (above extras can amount to several gb of updates) the disk will then be cleared of clutter with a specialist tool you get to keep afterwards (none of your user data will be lost) and then cleaned for extra performance - this extra service is 100% free - your computer when returned, normally within 24 hours, will be completely up to date and we guarantee will perform noticeably faster than previously - this is a totally unique service offered only by pcfixshop and comes at no extra charge.  see our charges page here









   about us pcfixshop provides comprehensive it consulting services and solutions to home users and small businesses.  with over three decades of experience in the computer industry, steve is an expert in helping people make it technology work. see about us page


   
   





7 day 
support available
   


100% 
client satisfaction
   


zero 
hidden costs
   


39 
years of experience


   where to find us: 
home office :- 35 sunnywood close, tottington, bury, lancashire bl8 3gh


   
   





where to find us:  office  :- 35 sunnywood close, tottington, bury, lancashire bl8 3gh
  




   
interested? get in touch with us today for more details.
 

  

contact us








      
about us home pagepcfixshop pc buildsour servicescontact us
 
quick links frequently asked questionstestimonialscharges
 
newsletter subscribe to our newsletter for all the latest news.   

sign up now




   
   






 call us:  mob :
07766 461739
   



 e-mail: sales@pcfixshop.uk


   




   
  © 2025 
all rights reserved | pcfixshop 2002




 
    

 

 





























































































  
  share by:










