






up church – bible-based new thought christian ministry

























skip to content




search for:








up church


menu
home
ministry development weekend 2025 registration
rev. della reese lett
give online
prosperity is my birthright registration
grace in action: spiritual healing for modern life
how to meditate registration
sunday services







bible-based new thought christian ministry
give online










january 21, 2025january 21, 2025 rev. sherri james daily prayer 
the love and healing circle 



 





january 21, 2025january 21, 2025 rev. sherri james daily prayer 
ministry development weekend 2025 


 
 





november 11, 2024november 3, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
11 nov. 2024 – the law of right action is operating in my life now 

november 11   
the law of right action is operating in my life now
for then shalt thou have thy delight in the almighty, and shalt lift up thy face unto god.
job 22:21,26
right action means that every legitimate and constructive purpose i have in mind shall be successfully executed.  it means that i shall know what to do, how to think, how to act, how to proceed.  i definitely declare that since my word is in accord with the divine nature, it actually is the law of god in my experience, enforcing itself.  hence, there is nothing in me or around me which can limit this word.  the power of this law is with me and the action which results from this power produces harmony, peace, joy and success.
recognizing that there is but one power, one presence and one life, i so unite myself with this life that all things become possible to me through faith.  humbly, reverently, but with complete conviction, i accept the gift of heaven, that life which is complete and perfect, here and now.
i know that in this consciousness of reality is the supply for my every need – physical, mental or spiritual – and i accept that supply in deepest gratitude. i am thankful that this is the way life fulfills my needs, through the doorway of my inner self, and i am thankful that i know how to use this perfect law.  i come to this great fountain of supply, in the very center of my being, to absorb that for which i have need, mentally and physically, and i am filled with the sense of the reality of that which i desire, as i am filled with reality i permit it to flow into my world of thought and action, knowing that it brings peace and harmony and order all around me.  there arises within me limitless faith in the unconquerable presence, the perfect law and the divine action. 
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 





november 10, 2024november 3, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
10 nov. 2024 – every atom of my being is animated by the divine perfection 

november 10   
every atom of my being is animated by the divine perfection
the tao cannot be heard; what can be heard is not it.  the tao cannot be seen; what can be seen is not it.
the texts of taoism
the chinese tell us that tao (meaning spirit) produces everything, nourishes everything and maintains everything.  it spreads itself over everything.  it flows through everything and is in all things.  indeed, being all that is, there can be nothing outside it.  there is a mystical presence which pervades the universe, and this presence, welling up in our consciousness, evermore proclaims itself as the source and root of all.  the enlightened of the ages have told us that it is this god within us that recognizes itself, or himself, in everything we are.
i know that as there is one mind, and that mind is god and that mind is my mind, so also there is one body, that body is spiritual and that body is my body.  every organ, every function, every action and reaction of my body is in harmony with the divine creative spirit.  i have both “the mind of christ” and the body of god.  i could not ask for more and greater could not be given.  i now seek to realize the spiritual significance of the one mind and the one body.
every function, organ and cell of my body responds to the magnetic pull of wholeness, of unlimited energy, of prefect life.  as my thoughts are so put in order, all fear, doubt and uncertainty are banished into nothingness.
i live in the one mind and act through the one body, in accord with divine harmony, perfection and poise.  every organ of my body moves in accord with perfect harmony.  the divine circulates through me automatically, spontaneously and perfectly.  every atom of my being is animated by the divine perfection. 
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 





november 9, 2024november 3, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
09 nov. 2024 – spiritual substance is my supply 

november 9   
spiritual substance is my supply
the lord is on my side; i will not fear: what can man do unto me?
psalm 188:6
i know that spirit fills all space and animates every form, therefore, spirit is the true actor in everything.  but i also know that spirit can only act for me by acting through me.  this means simply that god can give me only what i take.  i am conscious that as i daily enter into my divine inheritance, in my thought and in the spirit, i am entering into the realm of absolute causation and i completely believe that from this secret place of the most high within me, there shall be projected an objective manifestation of my every legitimate desire.
hope rises within me and sings a song of joy.  love goes before me and embraces everything.  peace accompanies me on my way, while doubt and fear vanish as mist before the light.
am i really accepting abundance?  is my thought really animating my experience with plenty?  am i affirming that divine substance is forever flowing to me as supply?
today i praise the abundance in all things.  i animate everything with the idea of abundance.  i am remembering only the good.  i acknowledge the good working everywhere.  i give thanks that this good is flowing into my experience in ever-increasing volume.  there is that within me that sees, knows and understands this truth, which completely accepts it.  there is good enough to go around.  therefore i do not withhold this good from myself or others, but constantly proclaim spiritual substance is forever flowing to each and all as supply.
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 





november 8, 2024november 3, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
08 nov. 2024 – i demonstrate through the perfect law 

november 8   
i demonstrate through the perfect law
and as he thinketh all things manifest, he manifests through all things and in all, and most of all in whatsoever things he wills to manifest.
thrice-greatest hermes
all laws are laws of god.  whatever reality is, its nature is one.  if i wish to demonstrate my good i must faithfully and fervently declare that the law of the lord is perfect and that this law is operating in my experience now.  i believe that it is the nature of thought to externalize itself, to bring about conditions which exactly correspond to the thought. therefore, i turn resolutely from every sense of lack, want and limitation, and declare the perfect law, knowing that even though i am dealing with an invisible principle it will be made manifest in my experience.
therefore, today i declare that the law of the lord is perfect in everything i do.  it will externalize happiness; it will bring every good thing to me.  today i am inwardly aware that there is a secret way of the soul, there is a secret pathway of peace, there is an invisible presence forever externalizing itself for me and through me.  today i believe in divine guidance.  today i believe that underneath are the everlasting arms.  today i rest in this divine assurance and this divine security.  i know that not only all is well with my soul, my spirit and my mind; all is well with my affairs.   
i sincerely believe that there is a divine presence and a law of good which attracts every person and everything to me, that belongs to me, and which, flowing through me, reaches out to everything in my life with love, with consideration, in joy and gladness.
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 





november 7, 2024november 3, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
07 nov. 2024 – the spirit of the almighty goes before me 

november 7   
the spirit of the almighty goes before me
to those who are good (to me), i am good; and to those who are not good (to me), i am good; and thus (all) get to be good.
the tao te ching
i know that the power of good is an underlying principle of the universe and that it is a manifestation of god.  i know that god is all-good.  i know that good underlies all manifestations of thought and form because good is harmony, complete balance.  good is at the root of all manifestation, regardless of its seeming absence.  i know that this good is the basic principle of my existence; that which i am is good.  it is the vital, living force that supports my every thought and deed when they are in harmony with it.
the love of god fills my being and my life reflects the divine harmony which eternally guides my footsteps aright.  divine intelligence inwardly inspires and instructs that i may have the right ideas and the right guidance to do the good that i would do in my life.
today i uncover the perfection within me.  in its fullness i reveal the indwelling kingdom.  i look out upon the world of my affairs, knowing that the spirit within me makes my way both immediate and easy.  i know there is nothing in me that could possibly obstruct or withhold the divine circuit of life and love, which good is.  my word dissolves every negative thought or impulse that could throw a shadow over my perfection.  good flows through me to all.  good shines through my thoughts and actions.  good harmonizes my mind, so that love sings joyously in my heart, and i am completely conscious of all-good in me, around me and in all that is.  i am in complete unity with my good.
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 





november 6, 2024november 3, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
06 nov, 2024 – at the center of my being is peace 

november 6 
at the center of my being is peace
they rise upward who are settled in harmony
the bhagavad-gita
at the center of my being is peace – the peace that is felt in the coolness of evening, when men have turned from their labor and the first star shines in the soft light of the sky.  there is a freshness, a vitality, a power underlying this peace.  it broods over the earth quietly, tenderly, as a mother watches over her sleeping babe.
divine wisdom illumines me.  infinite energy activates me.  all that i am and all that i have responds to the magnetic pull of divine life. 
in this peace which holds me so gently, i feel strength and protection from all fear, all anxieties.  it is the peace of god, and underneath it all, i feel the love of the holy presence.  as i become more conscious of this love, all lack, all fear, all that is false, slips away as mist fades in the morning sunshine.  i see god in everything, personified in all people, manifest in every event.  the spirit is not separated from the person or the event; it unites each to itself, vitalizing each with the energy of its own being, creating each through its own divine imagination.  i, too, am an instrument of its perfection.  i am one with deep, abiding peace.  i know that all is well, i know that as i permit this peace to flow through my being, through my mind and heart, every problem is released.  the way is made clear before me.  it is filled with joy and harmony.   
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 





november 5, 2024november 3, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
nov. 05, 2024 – today i consciously let go of every discord 

november 5         
today i consciously let go of every discord
be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the god of love and peace shall be with you.
ii corinthians 13:11
i drop all sense of lack or limitation from my thought and every belief which i have ever had in lack or fear.  i now have a belief in success and faith.  i permit the spirit within me to express itself in perfect freedom, bringing increasing joy into my experience. there is that within me which is completely conscious of its unity with good, of its oneness with all the power there is and all the presence there is and all the life there is.  upon this power, presence and life, i depend with implicit certainty, with complete confidence and with absolute assurance.
there is a divine circulation flowing through me.  the vitality and the energy of life flow through my every act.  i am seeing in everyone around me the manifestation of perfect life.  i am letting my mind dwell on joy and happiness, and i am knowing that this joy and happiness go out to others.
i allow the divine wholeness to flow through me into ever-widening fields of activity.  every good which i have ever experienced is now increased tenfold.  every joy which i have ever experienced is now multiplied.  there is a new influx of inspiration into my thought.  i see more clearly than ever before that my divine birthright is freedom, joy and eternal goodness.  i perceive this same birthright is bequeathed to all people.  all power is delivered unto me and this power i use for my own and every other man’s good.  this divine presence interprets itself to me in love and friendship.  peace, joy and goodness are mine now and forever.
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 





november 4, 2024october 27, 2024 dailyprayer daily prayer 
04 nov. 2024 – today i meditate upon my divine inheritance 

november 4   
today i meditate upon my divine inheritance
every state of happiness that appears in the body or the mind is said to be due to the quality of goodness.
the mahabharata
“beloved, now are we the sons of god.”  the kingdom of god is at hand.  i inherit everything that belongs to this kingdom.  the riches and the power and the glory of this kingdom are mine now.  i do not rob anyone by entering into the fullness of the kingdom of power, of joy and of abundance.  i recognize that everyone inherits the same kingdom.  there is no law of human heredity imposed upon me. evil has no history.  limitation has no past.  that which is opposed to good, has no future.  the eternal now is filled with perfection.  i always have been and always shall remain a complete, perfect and whole expression of the eternal mind, which is god, the living spirit almighty.
all that the father hath is mine.  i am now entering into the kingdom of good which love has prepared for me.  i am letting go of all the cares and fears of yesterday.  i am looking forward to tomorrow in quiet confidence and with joyful expectation.  and i am living today in the glorious fulfillment of the law of good.
today i enter into the limitless variations which the divine spirit has projected into my experience.  i know that all things are good when rightly used.  i perceive that all experience is a play of life upon itself.  i enter into the game of living, then, with joyful anticipation, with spontaneous enthusiasm and with the determination to play the game well and to enjoy it.  today i enter into my divine inheritance.  i have freed my thought from the belief that external conditions are imposed upon me by birth, through inherited tendencies or race belief.  i proclaim the freedom of my divine sonship.  i possess the kingdom of god today, in all of its fullness.
taken from “richer living” by ernest holmes and raymond charles barker

 


posts navigation
older posts









catch the new series for 2025: take the big leap!

up church sunday service - 8722 crenshaw blvd, inglewood, ca 90305 - service begins at 10:30 a.m. pt
stay connected to up! 





subscribe to the up church email list
* indicates required

email address  *







 








daily prayers
the love and healing circle
ministry development weekend 2025
11 nov. 2024 – the law of right action is operating in my life now
10 nov. 2024 – every atom of my being is animated by the divine perfection
09 nov. 2024 – spiritual substance is my supply




proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
	theme: ixion by automattic. 







