

 




monk.com is for sale | brannans











































































 





















 




























buy a domain
sell a domain
domains for sale
about brannans

meet the team
why choose brannans
testimonials and recent domain transactions
faqs


resources

brannans.com newsletter
global domain solutions for customers all over the world
domain name services
ice.com sells for $3.5 million in sale brokered by domain experts brannans
the top 150 most expensive domain names
are urls and domain names the same?
the best domain extension to use
understanding udrp
domains owned by corporations
how to name your company
what is a brand?


contact us
 

call now: +1 404.400.4400













monk.com is for sale
 

the domain name, monk.com, is for sale

if you or your company is interested in owning monk.com, fill out the form below and we will reply to you promptly.don’t want to wait for a reply? call us now at +1.404.400.4400 x885 and we can discuss immediately.



contact us


i want to(required)


get a free valuation



buy a domain



sell a domain



other
domain name(required) name(required)

first



last


email(required)

cell phonecommentshcaptcha 



 








δ

 


01 what are premium domain names?

                    premium domain names are .com domains that are one-word, two-word, or very short (combinations of
                    two or three letters or numbers). these kinds of domain names are more valuable because they have
                    high visibility, are easy for customers to remember, and thus are easier to associate with your
                    brand. examples of generic, one-word domains used as brands include shoes.com (walmart), baby.com
                    (johnson & johnson), flowers.com (1-800-flowers), gold.com (kay jewelers), and coffee.com (peet’s
                    coffee & tea). for more examples see: corporate
                        owned premium domain names.

                    even if the domain you want is owned by another person or company, it still may be available for
                    sale. the owner and registrar of a premium domain name can be located anywhere in the world. the
                    owner could be a corporation, a government, an entrepreneur, or an individual. whatever the case, we
                    can track down the decision maker and find out if the domain name you want can be purchased.
                    
                    we really love talking about domain names. let us know how we can help you.
                


02 
                    what is the difference between a simple domain buying service and professional domain name brokers
                    and agents?
                

                    simple buying services are not obligated to work or provide the best domain deal for customers. most
                    often they simply wait for buyers to request a domain. then they simply contact the domain owner and
                    make your offer. often you pay a fee no matter what.
                    
                    professional domain name broker/agents like brannans.com are active and proactive. they research
                    similar domains and recent domain sales to determine an approximate market value. then they advise
                    their client — either a domain buyer or domain seller — on the techniques to complete the domain
                    transaction successfully — always in the client’s best interests. this often requires hours of
                    research and effort and experience and a professional domain broker does not get paid unless the
                    domain transaction is successful.
                


03 what is a domain broker service?

                    done well, a domain name broker becomes your domain agent. this is more than just appraising domains
                    and negotiating the sale. it also means researching and qualifying domain buyers and domain sellers
                    in a global marketplace to ensure the most favorable result. then it means managing the domain
                    transaction through an insured and accredited domain escrow service — dotting all the i’s and
                    crossing all the t’s.
                    
                    it also means treating all parties to the domain transaction professionally and with respect with
                    honesty and clear, timely communication. and that is our commitment to you.
                






email us today!


contact form


your name(required)


first



last

your email(required)

phone number(required)your message
 











δ









subscribe to our domain acquisition newsletter




































get a free valuation





domain services

hire your domain broker
domain acquisition
sell your domain name
strategic transactions
domains for sale
domain auctions
auction rules, terms, & conditions
domain newsletter
domain financing

domain solutions
 
domain broker


book: the ultimate domain name handbook

hardcover amazon
kindle amazon
apple books

domain news and media

best practices

press & articles

most expensive domain names
domains owned by corporations
buy-side brokers for ice.com
how to name your company
what is a brand?



domains for sale



batteries.com
branded.com
customer.com
vic.com & vic.net





about us

our culture
our founder
careers and internships

contact us

 global hq
8000 avalon blvd
suite 100
alpharetta, ga 30009
 +1.404.400.4400
toll free (us):  +1.800.338.0750
new york:  +1.212.537.3862
washington dc:  +1.202.838.8002
san francisco:  +1.415.480.6010
london:  +44(0) 20 3300 0139





 

© copyright 2025 brannans | sitemap

terms and conditions | privacy policy | cookie policy | notice at collection | your privacy choices  




























