





cochenille design studio. home to patterning software for sewers and knitters, garment designer and grid-based design software stitch painter.















































































































 
 


















skip to content




 p.o. box 235604, encinitas, ca 92023 usa


 call us: 1-858-259-1698












 


cochenille design studio
computer patterning and design software for sewing and knitting and other textile arts



menu



home
about us

history
contact us
mail list
privacy policy
distribution

distributors
u.s. dealers
educators




garment designer

garment designer overview
garment designer features
garment designer videos
garment designer training aids
garment designer plug-ins
garment designer prices
garment designer gallery

cochenille garment designer gallery
professional garment designer gallery
customer garment designer gallery


garment designer testimonials


stitch painter

stitch painter overview
stitch painter features
stitch painter training aids
stitch painter plug-ins
stitch painter prices
stitch painter 3 upgrade info
stitch painter gallery

cochenille stitch painter gallery
professional stitch painter gallery
client stitch painter gallery


stitch painter videos
stitch painter testimonials


other products

software
cochenille books
cochenille ebooks
other books
cochenille design aids
other design aids
cochenille art discs
cochenille webinar videos


events

retreats & workshops
conferences & shows
webinars


support

overview
software security for cochenille products
faqs
software registration
videos
cochenille online


blogs

creative with cochenille
cochenille users of note
susan’s book reviews
susan’s personal blog













 



welcome to cochenille design studio











                                                    garment designer pattern software: 
empire-waist dress with stand-up collar, fullness at center and elastic hem                                                



 






                                                    stitch painter grid design from pillow
translating a woven pattern into stitch painter is simple using motifs and brushes.                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project:
flared skirt with pleated ruffle trim                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project:
polar fleece jacket with binding detail using hood feature                                                



 






                                                    engineering shaping with stitch painter:
use the no grid function and some symbols to communicate shaping for the knitting of a shaped garment.                                                



 






                                                    garment designer ceramic hand-built vessel for storing kitchen tools.                                                



 






                                                    hand knit sweater designed with garment designer.                                                



 






                                                    stitch painter for gradient colors
building gradients is simple in stitch painter using a color spread, and repeat functions.                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project:
grand canyon photograph laid on full-scale pattern from garment designer and printed digitally at spoonflower.                                                



 






                                                    engineered design in garment designer pattern. orchid design printed with sublimation.                                                



 






                                                    stitch painter needlework project:
using egyptian motif as inspiration, designed in color and symbols.                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project:
children's clothing, leggings, tops. print fabric is from children's original artwork, printed at spoonflower.                                                



 






                                                    aysymmetrical, hand knit sweater made from a ribbon yarn. designed with garment designer.                                                



 






                                                    stitch painter colorways:
creating colorways is simple with stitch painter software.                                                



 






                                                    upcycle project: created by laying cut up sweaters and garments into pattern template create with garment designer.                                                



 






                                                    origami purse created with a garment designer pattern.                                                



 






                                                    stitch painter garment development:
using an inspiration from sundance catalog, a sweater was developed. see the steps here.                                                



 






                                                    lantern-style dress - created with garment designer.                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project:
orange, felted wool designed with an empire waist and pleated collar.                                                



 






                                                    cape jacket from the proportioned 4 you pattern book. each pattern is planned for your personal proportion.                                                



 






                                                    gridded rose in stitch painter                                                

                                                    stitch painter gridded rose:
using the full-color import module of stitch painter software.                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project: 
mixed media project combining handwoven fabric (from paris) and hand knit collar.                                                



 






                                                    machine knit sweater created with garment designer.                                                



 






                                                    stitch painter for beaders
you can design and generate beading instructions (text) to aid in the beading process. *with the beading plug-in to stitch painter                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project:
two-piece dress, created from an original print designed with adinkra motif inspiration and printed by spoonflower.                                                



 






                                                    garment designer project:
mixed media jacket made from polar fleece and hand knit sleeves and collar/head scarf.                                                



 






                                                    creating positive/negative designs with stitch painter
this is the process to take when creating more involved designs using positive and negative colors.                                                



 




        for over twenty five years cochenille design studio has developed pattern making software, stitch design software, and design aids for textile and fiber enthusiasts. we are practitioners, and actively design and create. our audience is world wide and ranges from home hobbyists to the fashion industry. our software works for sewing, knitting, crochet, beading, various stitchery, and other textile arts.
we are the home of garment designer pattern making and stitch painter stitch design software for windows or macintosh. garment designer is a pattern drafting program that allows you to create patterns for both sewing, knitting, crochet, etc. stitch painter is a grid-based design tool which is specifically geared to the needs of textile and craft designers who work with a grid.
we invite you to explore our website and products. sign up for a webinar, a workshop or retreat, or simply bookmark us for a future visit.
join our mail list to receive our newsletter and announcements.learn about fashion trends, creative tips, fun apps, upcoming workshops and retreats as well as webinar announcements and occasional updates on our product line.join the mail list
feel free to contact us with questions.

if you would like to subscribe to our creative with cochenille blog postings, please enter your email below.






							type your email…						
 








 
							subscribe						










take me to shopping! shop now
specials!

 
upcoming events




webinar: let’s make knitwear (hand or machine)



february 19 @ 2:00 pm - 3:30 pm 




san marcos garment designer workshop, february 22-23, 2025



february 22 @ 10:00 am - february 23 @ 4:00 pm 




webinar: let’s make a top



february 24 @ 10:00 am - 11:30 am 



view all events

search cochenille




recent posts 


 




                                my absolute favorite sewing books: the top five                            


  january 13, 2025 





 




                                blueprint to sewing: how to master the sequence of constructing your sewing patterns                            


  november 7, 2024 





 




                                you need power? make master pattern templates with garment designer                            


  august 15, 2024 


cochenille designs







upcycle dress garment designer project by susan lazear 





jacket pattern 





family stocking nicely hanging on the fireplace. 





bloomers 





create skirts with gores 





add collars easily 





create extensions, collars and cuffs 





create extensions, collars and cuffs 





add edgings to your design back view of garment designer top. 





garment designer top and pants use the 'extras' menu to add flounces and edgings 






















































































































































 p.o. box 235604, encinitas, ca 92023 usa        	







































