









microemacs jasspa distribution

















home
overview

what is it ?
features
supported file types
supported platforms
on-line help


what's new
support

support
faq
mailing lists
email support
links
how to
on-line help


download

download
history
oct 2009
spelling dictionaries
contributions


miscellaneous

openindiana
ciseco
serialglcd


about







jasspa's microemacs

jasspa's nanoemacs







welcome to www.jasspa.com, the web site for the distribution of jasspa's
        microemacs.
this site first appeared on-line on 12th january 2000.





jasspa's microemacs is an emacs editor biased towards
        unix users, working across platforms by providing a
        consistent interface under unix, microsoft windows
        3.1/'95/'98/nt/2k/xp/vista and dos operating systems.
more information .... 


oct 2009 (2009.10.11) is the latest stable release. you can
        download the source and/or binaries from this site: download 2009.10
dec 2009 (2009.12.12) zero install / standalone is an
        early access build which provides a fully featured jasspa microemacs
        in a single executable image which may be run without any sort of
        installation. this is ideal if you just require a running version of
        microemacs on a system with no installation issues. you can download
        the source and/or binaries from this site: zero install
leading edge this area contains any latest development
        snapshot. we do not guarantee the reliability of the latest
        development snapshot but it will generally be stable if it has been
        made available. download development
        material and beta versions.









jasspa's microemacs now licensed under gpl.
as of january 2002 jasspa's microemacs is distributed
        under the gnu general
        public license (gpl).
special thanks to danial m. lawrence, the
        original author and copyright holder of microemacs, for granting us
        permission to change the licensing terms of our distribution.


nanoemacs, a minimal version of jasspa's microemacs is
        now available in the latest release.
download 2006.09











quick links
www.microemacs.de microemacs site in germany - for documentation, tools and information.
http://unxutils.sourceforge.net/ unix tools for windows (grep, diff, find etc.)
www.aquest.com - microemacs home (danial lawrence)
http://www.mingw.org - microsoft windows posix compatible environment.
http://jamesie.de/microemacs/index.en.html - quick reference card for jasspa microemacs + linux packages.
              














other information on this site
ciseco resources - xrftool command line tool for ciseco xrf devices
openindiana - small system server build notes
serialglcd - sparkfun serial graphical lcd backpack firmware patch.
              












copyright © 2000-2009 jasspa




