













maag | excellent solutions for polymer processing


























































































































































  window.datalayer = window.datalayer || [];
  function gtag(){datalayer.push(arguments);}
  
   gtag("consent", "default", {
        ad_personalization: "denied",
        ad_storage: "denied",
        ad_user_data: "denied",
        analytics_storage: "denied",
        functionality_storage: "denied",
        personalization_storage: "denied",
        security_storage: "denied",
        wait_for_update: 500,
    });
    gtag("set", "ads_data_redaction", true);
    gtag("set", "url_passthrough", false); 
  
  gtag('js', new date());

  gtag('config', 'g-w82v3h12hl');





skip to content








mymaagcareer opportunitiesnewseventsdownloadinnovation showroompump calculatorchina website 














 about usfields of competenceproduct brandsamnautomatikettlingergalamaagreductionscheerwittexantecmanagementvision & valuescorporate historylocationsquality, social and governanceip and trademark assetsabout doverproductspump & filtration systemsgear pumpsfiltrationpelletizing systemsstrand pelletizingunderwater pelletizingdrop pelletizingdryerspulverizing systemsrecycling systemsdigitalizationapplicationscompoundingextrusionhot melt adhesivesmasterbatchpharma & foodpump solutions (industrial / chemical applications)recyclingresin & virgin polymer productionrotomoldingservicespare partsrotor sharpening servicerepair and servicingmaintenance and inspectiontest and research centerstraining coursesupgrades and technology serviceinquirycontacts


search for:










about usfields of competenceproduct brandsamnautomatikettlingergalamaagreductionscheerwittexantecmanagementvision & valuescorporate historylocationsquality, social and governanceip and trademark assetsabout doverproductspump & filtration systemsgear pumpsfiltrationpelletizing systemsstrand pelletizingunderwater pelletizingdrop pelletizingdryerspulverizing systemsrecycling systemsdigitalizationapplicationscompoundingextrusionhot melt adhesivesmasterbatchpharma & foodpump solutions (industrial / chemical applications)recyclingresin & virgin polymer productionrotomoldingservicespare partsrotor sharpening servicerepair and servicingmaintenance and inspectiontest and research centerstraining coursesupgrades and technology serviceinquirycontacts


search for:










about usfields of competenceproduct brandsamnautomatikettlingergalamaagreductionscheerxantecmanagementvision & valuescorporate historylocationsquality managementip and trademark assetsabout doverproductspump & filtration systemsgear pumpsfiltrationpelletizing systemsstrand pelletizingunderwater pelletizingdrop pelletizingdryersquality control & analysispulverizing systemsrecycling systemsdigitalizationapplicationscompoundingextrusionhot melt adhesivesmasterbatchpharma & foodpump solutions (industrial / chemical applications)recyclingresin & virgin polymer productionrotomoldingservicespare partsrotor sharpening servicerepair and servicingmaintenance and inspectiontest and research centerstraining coursesupgrades and technology serviceinquirycontactsmaag newspresstechnical articlescareer opportunitiesdates and eventsconferencesdownloadinnovation showroompump calculatorchina website 










search for:
















inquiry 



callback 



contact 



 








 






learn more 
							carter day's drying systems now part of maag. 
							new solutions for high capacity polymer production. 
							
 




product launch! 
							witte and maag have merged to create a new generation of gear pump, with the promise of redefining standards for efficiency, reliability, and performance.  
							 


learn more 
							

product launch! 
							witte and maag have merged to create a new generation of gear pump, with the promise of redefining standards for efficiency, reliability, and performance.  
							chem-x™ emerges as a symbol of this synergistic partnership, designed to meet the most demanding applications across various industries.  
							 


learn more 
							

european
pump
repair
center 
tornesch 
							

 


fields of competence 
							
we are maag  group 
							

 




amn die plates & knives 
							
pelletizing tools for highest throughputs 
							 




products 
							
maag group 
							integrated systems for polymer processing 
							 



with control systems technology and data processing 
							
getting ready for the age of industry 4.0  
							digitalization 
							 




leading partner 
							vision 
							

for the polymer, chemical, petrochemical, pharmaceutical and food industries 
							 





worldwide at your side 
							service worldwide 
							 



join us at maag group 
							career opportunities 
							
 






 




maag group | integrated systems for polymer processing2024-06-18t09:47:40+02:00 

discover the diversity of the maag groupthe maag group is your solution provider for customizable systems and integrated solutions in process technology for the polymer, chemical, petrochemical, pharmaceutical and food industries. learn more about our state-of-the-art products, industry-specific applications, and worldwide service.for privacy reasons youtube needs your permission to be loaded.i acceptnews & events
road 2k – system integrationmaag group is the premium supplier for the plastics processing industry. our mission is to offer highly efficient solutions with advanced products, integrated systems and well thought-out service packages.
find out what system integration means, visit us at k!2022-09-13t15:03:02+02:002022-09-19|read more

road2k – customer focusunderstanding our customers needs is one of our greatest competences. when developing new products or designing complex systems, the focus is always on the customer and his specific needs.  together we can find the best solutions. find out, how maag group focuses on it’s customers …2022-08-17t13:22:22+02:002022-08-19|read more

road2k – innovationsby listening to our customers and studying the markets we engage in, we identify trends at an early stage. we anticipate market changes and develop solutions for tomorrow's needs. as a leading and innovative solution provider, the maag group stands for technological progress. we create real added value and secure the competitive edge of our customers.

take a look at maag group's innovations that will be shown at k-show 2022.2022-09-01t15:23:00+02:002022-07-19|read more
hot melt adhesiveshot melt is deﬁned as any polymer based glue that is applied in a molten state. hma is composed of a polymer and additives, including a tackifying resin to create bond properties. examples of use of these adhesives range from book-binding, packaging, tapes and labels to hvac duct-work, auto interior trim, and furniture assembly.
hot melt adhesivespolymer productionthe production of polymers is a complex process. gentle handling of the melt in the production process is essential to the high quality of the end product. the optimum combination of gear pumps, filter systems, pelletizing systems and dryers is key.
polymer productionmasterbatchconcentrated and precisely dosed, masterbatches contribute to the coloring and functionality of the finished polymer products. with integrated processes and systems for conveying, tempering, filtering, pelletizing or grinding and drying, maag group machines achieve uncompromising results – for spherical pellets, cylindrical pellets, micropellets, or powder.
masterbatchcompoundingspherical pellets, cylindrical pellets, micropellets or powder – these are the production output at the end of polymer processing. no matter whether high filler content, low melt stability, sticky material, or high mfi content – with the right pelletizing system top results are achieved from every product.
compoundingrecyclingthe recycling of plastics varies widely: recyclable waste can be processed in the maag group’s pelletizing plants. high-performance filtration systems play a decisive role in this. direct recycling to create the final product, with no intermediate pelletizing stage, is also possible. if powder is the end product, there are also suitable pulverizers in the portfolio.
recycling extrusionwhat produces top extrusion results in terms of processing quality and appearance? gear pumps that precisely convey the product flow and efficiently apply the die pressure to relieve the pressure buildup on the extruder and gently convey the processed product. and filters that reliably remove dirt from the molten plastic.
extrusionrotomoldingpowder of the highest quality, with good flowability and the required particle distribution at high bulk density – these are the requirements placed on the powder in rotomolding. the maag group’s pulverizers, as laboratory machines or production plants, supply powder material with outstanding product surface quality for rotomolding.
rotomoldingindustryall types of pumps are used in the polymer, chemical, petrochemical, pharmaceutical and food industries. the pumped media have different requirements in terms of viscosity, pressure, temperature or corrosiveness. with a sophisticated modular system, the maag group can manufacture pumps that are ideally suited to a specific production process.
industrypharmamicropellets are becoming increasingly important in the pharmaceutical industry. micropellets are not powder, and not pellets, but particles of uniform size and shape to which active substances can be bound. the maag group’s micropelletizer technology enables optimum direct and downstream processing.
pharmaservicesoriginal spare partsthe high-quality machines of the maag group are also subject to wear and tear on components subject to heavy loads. our warehouses worldwide stock key spare parts, including for older machines, in sufficient quantities to be able to deliver in the shortest possible time. high-quality original spare parts assure the long service life and productivity of your pumps, filters, pelletizers and pulverizers.
grinding service for rotors and die plateswith eight grinding centers around the world, the maag group provides the largest service network in the polymer industry. die plates can be cleaned and overhauled, and cutting rotors reground, within a very short time. regular and careful regrinding permanently improves the pellet quality, as well as extending the service life of the cutting rotor.
repair and maintenanceover a long machine lifetime, some components will need to be repaired, upgraded or replaced. repair and maintenance is carried out by trained specialists, using original spare parts, in order to maintain the high machine quality over the long term and safeguard the capital investment in the machine.
servicing and inspectionfor machines to work optimally over the long term, they must be serviced regularly. the maag group offers service contracts that are adapted to the individual requirements of companies and their production processes. additional periodic inspections provide even more planning assurance for scheduled maintenance procedures.
test and development centersat the maag group’s test and development centers, individual plastics can be tested, innovative ideas can be tried out under realistic conditions, a pilot production run can be commissioned, or solutions for special requirements can be devised. this means the maag group is always close at hand to serve you as an innovation partner in your polymer production.
trainingtrained employees are motivated employees. at the same time, trained personnel enhance machine availability. we teach this specialist know-how at maag group test and development center locations or directly on-site. the seminars on polymer production plant operation provide instruction in theory and practice.
upgrades and technology servicethe service lives of the maag group’s machinery, plants and systems can be extended further by means of technology services and upgrades. thanks to the comprehensive after-sales program, machines remain state-of-the-art, can be optimized to individual needs and machine outputs, and can be adapted to market requirements.





we run two shifts every day, and will extend to three shifts if and when necessary. downtimes are practically eliminated. once the plant has been started, it runs for hours. we only have to shut down when there is a material change, and that is planned accordingly. we check the plant only about every half hour, while it simply continues to output pellets. if we need to expand our operations, i’m sure i’ll turn to you again. thank you once again for all the support you have given us. i really appreciate it.




jim johnson
o’neil color and compounding has been using gala pelletizers for at least 17 years, and the number of gala underwater pelletizers it operates is increasing every year. in the course of our expansion and growth, gala’s pelletizing plants have become our preference. every time we expand our production, whether by installing a new production plant or modernizing existing lines, gala is part of the process. we now have a whole range of different sized plants, with various models. we can pelletize a wide variety of polymers, and achieve pellets of a quality that other pelletizers can only achieve with difficulty, if at all. given the customer support, reliability and design quality we get, the decision when upgrading is an easy one to make.
bob anthony, o'neil color and compounding plant manager
with its reliable equipment, gala is an important business partner for danimer. the gala laboratory lines were key to the development of our adhesive products. gala listens to identify its customers’ needs, and surpasses them every time.
mark jones, danimer scientific
one of our extrusion pumps had developed a seal leak after 19 years of great service, so we sent it in for evaluation and repair.  maag’s service and maintenance team bent over backwards to get me my pump back before our start-up of a critical line.  the communication and service was some of the best i have experienced in my maintenance career.
phil kluetz, profol maintenance managerjobs internationalno business can succeed without motivated and skilled employees. maag employs around 1,000 people worldwide at over 16 different locations. we expect high standards in terms of expertise, quality, reliability and personal commitment. we constantly endeavour to appoint the right people to the right post, so that we can offer them the opportunity to develop, grow and achieve their goals. to enjoy personal success, you must be able to contribute experience and expertise along with a sense of fun, motivation and belief in the company.
working at maag



 
 





 

about us
career opportunities
privacy
imprint
 

 follow us

 

 

 

 
 
 





		©  · maag 
increon 


linkedinyoutubexing
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

callbackcountry *please select your countryafghanistanåland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongo, democratic republic of thecongo, republic of thecook islandscosta ricacôte d'ivoirecroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatini (swaziland)ethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarréunionromaniarussiarwandasaint barthélemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgiasouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayen islandsswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayus minor outlying islandsuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe  name *phone number *emailsend requestthank you for your message. it has been sent.there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.





this website uses cookies. we use cookies in order to determine the frequency of use and number of users of the pages, to analyse the behaviour of page use, but also to make our offer more customer-friendly. we distinguish between cookies that are necessary (without consent) and cookies that require consent (third party cookies). detailed information on the use of cookies on this website can be found by clicking on "more information". you can use the "further settings" link to decide which cookies requiring consent are to be activated. if you click on "agree", all cookies — including those requiring agreement — will be activated. you can revoke your consent and deactivate the use of cookies requiring consent. more information further settings 


			agree		

			disagree		





third party cookies
					
											select here which third-party cookies you wish to accept here. please note that if you do not accept cookies, features on the website may be restricted. please visit the third party websites for more information on their use of cookies. if you have decided not to grant or revoke your consent to the use of cookies requiring your consent, you will only be provided with those functions of our website whose use we can guarantee without these cookies. you can subsequently change your settings on our data protection page. we use the following third-party cookies:					
											
						



													youtube										




google analytics
					
											google analytics helps us understand how visitors interact with our websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. we would like to point out that google analytics has been extended by the code "gat._anonymizeip();" in order to guarantee an anonymous collection of ip addresses (so-called ip masking). 					
																	



										tracking cookies								






























go to top




