









wholesale glass containers, lids, & more | fillmore container













































 


    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.




javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    











edit favorites        






        sign in    
 








create an account

        skip to content    













search




search








search







717-397-4131



            sign in        


        or    


            register        




my cart





























        bottles and jars    



        glass jars    



        economy jars    



        honey jars    



        glass bottles    



        sauce and syrup bottles    



        hexagon jars    



        canning jars    



        glass tumblers    



        candle jars    



        apothecary jars    



        storage jars    



        ball jars    



        straight sided jars    



        boston round bottles    



        amber glass jars    



        hot sauce bottles    



        french square bottles    



        beverage containers    



        glass growlers    



        paragon jars    



        stout bottles    



        anchor hocking canning jars    



        mason jars    



        personal care & wellness    



        packaging and shipping supplies    





        bulk lids & caps    



        unlined lids    



        shrink bands    



        plastic lids    



        pour/sift caps    



        metal lids    



        canning lids    



        phenolic caps    



        fitments    



        daisy lids    



        coin slot lids    



        recap    



        corks    



        storage caps    



        hi-heat lids    



        straws    



        droppers    



        straw hole lids    



        mason bottle    



        pump lids    



        sprayers    



        superb canning lids    





        candle supplies    



        candle wax    



        square mason jars    



        candle jars    



        candle tumblers    



        candle covers    



        candle lids    



        candle accessories    



        naturewax    



        fragrance oils    



        candle wicks    



        clamshells    



        aak wax    



        coconut candle wax    



        soy candle wax    



        premier candle wicks    



        htp wicks    



        cd wicks    



        eco wicks    



        wooden lids    



        amber glassware    



        smackwax    



        libbey glassware    





        canning supplies    



        canning tools    



        storage lids    



        metal funnels    



        pectin    



        fermenting supplies    





        clearance & deals    



        blog    












bottles and jars










bulk lids & caps










candle supplies










canning supplies










clearance & deals










blog












































versatile jars for every needdiscover our wide range of jars perfect for preserving, storing, and more.shop jars nowperfect bottles for sauce & syrupenhance your flavors with our specialized sauce and syrup bottles.shop sauce & syrup bottlescandle vesselsour wide variety of styles and sizes makes it easy to find the perfect vessels for your candle lineshop candle vesselspremium amber jarsprotect your products with our high-quality amber bottles.shop amber jarsclassic mason jarstimeless design and unmatched quality for all your needs.shop mason jarsstraight sided jarsachieve a professional and cohesive aesthetic with our line of straight sided jars.shop straight sided jars

glass jars & bottleslids & capscanning & preservingcandle making supplies

see how our customers innovate!from everyday essentials to extraordinary creations, take a look how our customers are using our products to enhance their brands.


google reviews




03 sep 2024










                                any size, shape , hard to find, containers and lids you can find it here!! prices are great and delivery was fast. i have even sent them a jar or a lid and asked what does this fit, they find it!!                            


                            nancy hall                        






27 aug 2024










                                i have to say, i absolutely love this company. they have amazing customer, i wanted to try a new wax for my candles. so i tried there’s and absolutely love it, i tried a few of their fragrant oils and they smell top notch, i also decided to start ordering my jars from them, and o really love the look and they fit my theme perfectly, i also love that they give you item numbers for different style lids that will fit the particular jar you are looking at. i like that i have options, and the shipping is incredibly quick. they have gained a new regular customer.
we love you fillmore container.                            


                            jennifer pernigotti                        






15 aug 2024










                                by far the most efficient business we’ve ever worked with! very reasonably priced and small business friendly, forever using them for our business!                            


                            lakota gambill                        






25 jul 2024










                                very organized company and kind employees.                            


                            ricardo matos                        






15 jul 2024










                                we have been doing business with fillmore more frequently this year, and this company is fantastic shipping is always incredibly fast where many places take a week to ship out then you stuck waiting for delivery, and now that my type of wax is in stock we will only continue to purchase more from this great company                            


                            russell alain                        






28 jun 2024










                                website is fairly easy to use.   i made a mistake with pick up date and the manager was kind enough to make an exception for me.  i’ve been shopping fillmore for 3 years now and will continue to do so.                            


                            michelle bates                        






27 jun 2024










                                very prompt, no problems.  have reordered several times.  found out about this company during the pandemic.  i have a store and people can in my area.  fillmore had lids when ball etc... did not.    my customers were very pleased they could can their produce and or meat.  just make sure you purchase the right lid to do the job.  ball etc.. now have their product back on the market, but we are staying with fillmore one piece lids.  i have used these lids personally and highly recommend them.                            


                            jean snyder                        






18 jun 2024










                                undoubtably the best online store to purchase glass jars, bottles, and lids for our needs. reasonably priced, excellent packaging and fast shipping. highly recommend.                            


                            bobby jarrett                        






07 jun 2024










                                they had what i wanted, and the price was right on point. my new go to for supplies!!!                            


                            debra woodard                        






06 sep 2023










                                i have been purchasing candle supplies from fillmore container for a few years and the experience has always been excellent. quality products (wax, love your scents and containers). pickup is easy and seamless.                            


                            julie mattern                        






05 sep 2023










                                i've always received my order in a timely manner. i've never had a damaged item. i've used fillmore container for about 10 years and look forward to many more years                            


                            roy snipes                        







                share your feedback            





in stock on budget intact on time

shop by category
bulk and wholesale amber glass jars
bulk and wholesale apothecary jars
bulk and wholesale ball jars
bulk and wholesale canning jars
bulk and wholesale glass bottles
bulk and wholesale glass jars
bulk and wholesale honey jars
bulk and wholesale hot sauce bottles
bulk and wholesale mason jars
bulk and wholesale tumblers

bulk and wholesale candle jars
bulk and wholesale candle supplies
bulk and wholesale candle wax
bulk and wholesale candle lids
bulk and wholesale candle tumblers
bulk and wholesale candle covers
bulk and wholesale candle accessories
bulk and wholesale candle wooden lids
bulk and wholesale fragrance oils
bulk and wholesale wax clamshell containers

bulk and wholesale aak wax
bulk and wholesale naturewax
bulk and wholesale smackwax
bulk and wholesale coconut wax
bulk and wholesale soy wax
bulk and wholesale candle wicks
bulk and wholesale eco wicks
bulk and wholesale cd wicks
bulk and wholesale premier wicks
bulk and wholesale htp wicks


over 25 years of experience
who is fillmore container?
we are a family owned and operated business located in lancaster county, the heart of pennsylvania dutch country. our team is dedicated to providing exceptional service and secure shipments of quality products in a timely manner at the best price.
learn more

helpful posts







mar 20, 2024

what to expect with palletized shipping & how it can save you money

palletized shipping can save you money on shipping costs and often on products as well. it’s important to know if palletized shipping is a viable option for you.  in this post, we explain what ltl shipment or a
read more









mar 18, 2024

how to measure jars and lids for the perfect match

we often hear from folks who have some bottles and jars but need some new lids in order to re-use or re-purpose them. this post will provide guidance on how to measure glass jars and lids to determine what size lid the jar needs, or vice versa. this post primarily addresses how to measure a jar in order to determine it’s finish measurements. if you nee
read more









mar 11, 2024

how to choose a canning lid

canning season is in high gear and we’ve received a lot of questions about selecting the proper lid for your canning jar. we’ve put together a basic guide that will help you determine the proper ct lid (continuous-thread lid) for your canning needs.
read more









mar 6, 2024

do i need a button lid?

you do not always need a button lid! in this post we will explain when and why you should consider a button lid.
read more









mar 20, 2024

what to expect with palletized shipping & how it can save you money

palletized shipping can save you money on shipping costs and often on products as well. it’s important to know if palletized shipping is a viable option for you.  in this post, we explain what ltl shipment or a
read more









mar 18, 2024

how to measure jars and lids for the perfect match

we often hear from folks who have some bottles and jars but need some new lids in order to re-use or re-purpose them. this post will provide guidance on how to measure glass jars and lids to determine what size lid the jar needs, or vice versa. this post primarily addresses how to measure a jar in order to determine it’s finish measurements. if you nee
read more









mar 11, 2024

how to choose a canning lid

canning season is in high gear and we’ve received a lot of questions about selecting the proper lid for your canning jar. we’ve put together a basic guide that will help you determine the proper ct lid (continuous-thread lid) for your canning needs.
read more









mar 6, 2024

do i need a button lid?

you do not always need a button lid! in this post we will explain when and why you should consider a button lid.
read more





best in bulk and wholesale pricing

mason jars


ball jars


glass bottles


metal lids


plastic lids


heat shrink bands


candle jars


candle wax


candle fragrance oils


canning & preserving tools


mason jar lids


pomona's pectin


nature wax


coconut candle wax


soy candle wax


candle vessels


candle wicks







        subscribe to fillmore container    

        get the latest news, updates, and special offers.    









subscribe
















            fillmore container 
            2260 dairy road 
            lancaster, pa 17601 
            717-397-4131
        



customer support

contact us
faqs
glossary
about us
commercial resources
canning & preserving resources


follow us!

instagram
facebook
pinterest






fillmore container © copyright 2025
privacy policy





























































