




 


la-camft - home



 




  


los angeles chapter — california association of marriage and family therapists




 

log in

















home




about



about la-camft




board of directors




committee chairs




special interest group chairs




faq




newsletters



voices newsletter archive




voices january 2025




voices february 2025







bylaws/governance (2022)




la-camft declaration of inclusion, diversity, and anti-racism




use of la-camft logo




la-camft sitemap







events



calendar




upcoming events







programs



diversity



diversity committee




therapists of color mentorship committee




therapist of color mentorship program







committees



speaker committee




newsletter committee







sigs



sig forms




the 3000 club










members



login/profile




la-camft member application




renew membership




change membership level




membership benefits




membership faqs




membership levels




mobile apps







sponsors



sponsors




about sponsorship







resources



directories



therapist directory




supervision offered




community partner directory




la camft sponsor directory




the group list







general resources




anti-racism resources




online continuing education courses




charter for compassionate education







advertising



eblast advertising (non-members)




classified ads



office space (available)




office space (wanted)




employment (available)




employment (wanted)




training/ce events




group and therapy options




office equipment/supplies




internships/practicums




miscellaneous










contact



































click this link to read the la-camft declaration of inclusion, diversity, and anti-racism at the bottom of the page.


join la-camft





if you are a licensed mft, associate,
      student, or affiliate clinical professional,
      make la-camft your home.

member benefits
serving on a committee






looking for help?



  choose from the following directories and resources to assist you.

therapist directory
group directory
supervision directory
los angeles group directory
addiction resources
continuing education




upcoming events




connecting across cultures: an introduction to emotionally focused couples therapy (eft) for intercultural relationships

02/21/2025 9:00 am
•
online via zoom



middle eastern north african (mena) therapists community group

03/03/2025 9:30 am
•
online via zoom



black therapist support group

03/10/2025 6:00 pm
•
online via zoom



board of directors meeting

03/14/2025 8:30 am
•
online via zoom



annual law and ethics workshop 2025: what is out of bounds? legal and ethical boundaries in mental health care

03/16/2025 9:00 am
•
online via zoom




 









as president of the los angeles chapter of camft, i invite you to become part of a growing and vibrant community of therapists. living and practicing therapy in los angeles county has a unique set of assets and challenges. we are rich in resources; home to outstanding universities and training centers offering the broadest spectrum of psychotherapy’s many theoretic orientations. we are culturally and ethnically diverse and have an abundance of research hospitals, treatment centers, community agencies and individual and group practices. that said, we are spread far and wide across a daunting urban landscape, and separated by prohibitively jammed freeways that make it difficult to associate with colleagues unless they practice nearby. and though los angeles may offer us unparalleled opportunities, the massive quantity of information and abundance of resources that surround us can be overwhelming.
this is where la-camft comes in. la-camft provides a regular gathering place for networking opportunities; a place to meet colleagues who can help you navigate the distance and manage the overload, find a supervisor, an internship, or an office. la-camft is a forum for continuing education via speakers at our monthly events and special workshops. la-camft provides the infrastructure and support to special interest groups that reflect the rich diversity of our membership. whether you are a licensed mft, pre-licensed student or intern, or associate psychotherapist, i wholeheartedly welcome you to our community of compassionate professionals and sincerely hope you will make it yours.
thank you for taking the time to visit us, we hope to see you soon!akiah selwa, lmftpresident, la-camft












la-camft declaration of inclusion,diversity, and anti-racism


psychotherapy can be transformative in a democratic society, and can open intellectual inquiry that, at its best, influences and results in lasting positive change. in recognition of our shared humanity and concern for our community and world, la-camft loudly and overtly disavows all racism, xenophobia, homophobia, transphobia, sexism, islamophobia, anti-semitism, classism, ableism, ageism, and hate speech or actions that attempt to silence, threaten, and degrade others. we in la-camft leadership hereby affirm our solidarity with those individuals and groups most at risk and further declare that embracing diversity and fostering inclusivity are central to the mission of our organization.read full declaration
the la-camft board of directors and diversity committeeback to top




get social
follow us and sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date on news and events!
         







 





california association of marriage & family therapists
    los angeles chapter



 

























powered by wild apricot membership software










