












































php devserver | local php development environment














devserver
downloads
components& modules
support
documentation








additional modules
features
other tools for developers


en
fr
es
de



https ~ http
local php development environment

clone your production server locally - develop - sync


						or just code locally…
					
php, apache, mysql, phpmyadmin, xdebug... for windows since 1999 (from php/fi to 8.3)
open source / free to use









							php devserver installs a complete, open source and ready-to-use php development environment with https (https://127.0.0.1 or https://localhost or any alias / virtual host with https). php devserver is portable, modular, fully configurable and easy to update and customize (see modules and components)							...


							downloads: 20m+						



							for windows 7/8/10/11						








										devserver17.0
									











										tools											
									






							for windows xp to 8this version doesn't support php 5.5.x, 5.6.x, 7.x









										devserver17.0 lite











	
										tools										
									






 



features





devserver allows you to fit your needs and allows you to setup a local server with the same characteristics as your production server (if you have one). you can develop locally anywhere (at home, at work, on your laptop...) thanks to the portability of the system.
features:

ready-to-use! download, install and code!
portable (usb key, memory stick, external hard drive...)
fully configurable (port, timezone, extensions...)
for beginners, experts
start, stop, restart servers
direct access to files and folders
configuration files, error log, access log...
modular : add applications, versions...
... 






additional modules



virtual hosts manager
create / delete, activate / deactivate virtual hosts with virtual hosts manager.

features & screenshot
download







xdebug manager
start, stop and control xdebug with xdebug manager.

features & screenshot
download







laravel & laravel manager

laravel
this module installs at once a new laravel project.
laravel manager
this module installs as well laravel manager. laravel manager lists automatically all laravel projects present in your folders. with laravel manager you can manage all your laravel projects from one page, open the "command window" of each project, browse the files, open your laravel websites and check the "useful artisan commands".


features & screenshot
download







mobile
with the module "mobile", you can test your code on your mobile phone / tablet and see if your website / application is mobile friendly.

features & screenshot
download







code sniffer
the code sniffer module is the php code sniffer tool integration. this tool helps you to have a code clean, consistent and easy to read and maintain in order to reduce bugs and prevent new bugs. code sniffer "sniffs" php, javascript and css files to detect violations of a defined coding standard (pear, phpcs, psr1, psr2, squiz and zend).

features & screenshot
download







codeshot
create nice pictures of your source code. codeshot is fully customizable : width, theme, language, font size...

features & screenshot
download






 



other tools for developers






































cookie policy


						easyphp 2000 - 2025 | contact us:  | a bug, typo, comment... about this website: 










