





d&d rv | featuring new & preowned rvs in west alexandria, oh | parts and financing available
















































d&d rv sales




3376 us 35 east  | west alexandria, oh
local phone: (937) 839-4555
(888) 643-5295
 map






like d&d rv sales  on facebook!





check out the d&d rv sales  youtube page!










go






toggle navigation







home

new sales

manufacturer showroom
new inventory
fifth wheels
travel trailers
toy haulers
expandables
get a quote
finance
value your trade
contact us



pre-owned sales

pre-owned inventory
get a quote
finance
value your trade
contact us



about us

about us
map & hours
employment
submit a review
read our reviews
event calendar
contact us



service

service department
service appointments
parts department
parts request



rentals


contact us





d&d rv sales

3376 us 35 east
 west alexandria, oh 45381
us

phone: (888) 643-5295
email: stephen@ddrvandauto.com,darlene@ddrvandauto.com

fax:
			          











us route 35 is closed for construction if traveling from the west you will need to take a detour. click here for more details.d&d rv | featuring new & preowned rvs in west alexandria, oh | parts and financing available
now stocking kodiak by dutchmen rvnow stocking kodiak 
d&d rv | featuring new & preowned rvs in west alexandria, oh | parts and financing availabled&d rv | featuring new & preowned rvs in west alexandria, oh | parts and financing available
now carrying apsen trail by dutchmen rvnow carrying apsen trail 
new fuzion toy haulers in stockfuzion
keystone passport in stock nowkeystone passport








previous



pause



next












 
 
new rv
inventory
shop quality new rvs








pre-owned
inventory
shop quality used rvs








financing:
apply online
get pre-approved































testimonials



"words can't express the outstanding experience we had with d&d rv. not only did they go above and beyond what was expected of them when we purchased our travel trailer, they went out of their way to help us after our truck broke down 30+ miles from them. they came to the rescue and followed up with us throughout the night to make sure we were ok. there are not a lot of people who would do that. we would definitely recommend them and will absolutely do business with them again. thank you d&d!"

-tricia knies dayton, ohio


"i just purchased my 3rd camper from d&d...would not even think about going anywhere else. the sales and service are extremely helpful and friendly. they go above and beyond to take care of their customers. a special shout out to kyle for actually stopping by my home to help me out. devin and joseph were also awesome to work with!!"

-lori jonesn 


"great experience! rented a passport rv for bonnaroo weekend of june 12th. the rv was really nice perfect for just my friend and i. we we're a little late returning it. (15 minutes after they closed) and they didn't charge us a late fee. definitely rent again from them and highly recommend them."
amy smith 


"picked up our trailer, saturday morning, from d&d. it was a great experience. they gave us a complete walk through and explanation of all the systems. set the hitch up, on the suv, while we shopped for our necessary supplies and even replaced the plug on the suv, and didn't charge for the extra labor. all in all, devin and his crew made my first time, buying an rv, a breeze. thanks!"

-
steve dearth 



read more testimonials


welcome to d&d rv sales
"we treat you like family!"
d&d rv is a family owned and operated rv dealership in ohio, just west of dayton. d&d rv was officially opened for business in 1992 by the still active owners darrell and darlene clark. we offer a great selection of new travel trailers and fifth wheels (5th wheels). we also have great deals on used motor homes, travel trailers, fifth wheels, pop up campers, toy haulers, and more. whether you are looking for a lightweight compact rv or one for the whole family you can find it here at d&d rv for rock bottom prices. because we are family owned and operated our overhead is low, meaning we can pass that savings on to you, the buyer. our rv rentals department is like no other, offering nice, clean travel trailer and motor home rentals with great features to make your rv rental experience as easy as possible. the rv parts & service department is one of the greatest assets to our dealership. our knowledgeable parts and service staff will get the job done right and in a timely manner...
learn more about us

















contact us
3376 us 35 east
west alexandria, oh  45381
th: (888) 643-5295
ph: (937) 839-4555
map us
newsletter sign-up




quick links
new rv inventory
pre-owned rv inventory
get financed
rentals
value your trade
testimonials




store hours
mon - fri. 8am - 5pm
saturday 8am - 1pm
sunday closed
 
 
 
department hours






like d&d rv sales  on facebook!





check out the d&d rv sales  youtube page!







"we treat you like family!"





copyright© 2025  dealer spike | all rights reserved

policy |
					  privacy |
					  terms |
					  sitemap
































