









home - mahomet area chamber of commerce





































member login
find us on facebook!
  
 
 










about

mission and goals
board of directors
chamber staff
join a committee
chamber by laws (pdf)


member center

member directory
member benefits
member website faq
job postings


events

event calendar
monthly meetings
excellence in business
soda fest
auto fest
golf outing
village christmas


our community

history of mahomet
visit mahomet


contact
join today!
 


select page


  
 



 



 









 



welcome tomahomet area chamber of commerce
 
the mahomet area chamber of commerce is organized to advance the general welfare and prosperity of the mahomet area so that its citizens and all areas of its business community shall prosper. all necessary means and promotion shall be provided and particular attention and emphasis shall be given to the economic, civic, commercial, industrial and educational interests of the area.
 
 
 
 



join us for these upcoming events!
 
 
 





monthly chamber luncheons
join us every third thursday of the month for networking, guest speakers, lunch and community!

 
 
 




2nd friday coffee
2nd friday of every month starting at 7:30am at yoyo’s coffee.

 
 
 
 





mahomet village christmas
december 7th in downtown mahomet, the perfect way to kick off the holiday season with family and friends! this festive community event brings mahomet to life with sparkling decorations, delicious food, and a variety of activities for all ages.

 
 
 




home and garden show
march 1st and 2nd. whether you’re a seasoned gardener or a homeowner looking for inspiration, this event is your one-stop destination for all things home and garden. don’t miss out on this fantastic opportunity to enhance your living space and connect with the local community!


 
 
 
 
 




population

 


chamber members

 


great community

 
 
  


 
 
 



join the chamber the mahomet area chamber of commerce promotes and supports the businesses of mahomet and the surrounding area chamber members. we have over 200 members representing a wide array of businesses, organizations and institutions. if you have questions about a chamber membership, please contact our chamber director, jennifer cougill at jennifer@mahometchamberofcommerce.com or (217) 586-3165.

  location + hours 601 east main street. suite 216
p.o. box 1031
mahomet, il 61853
mon – fri: 8:30am – 3:00pm

    
 





facebook




twitter




google


copyright 2024 @ mahomet area chamber of commerce  

 
 
 









