






phi – industrial equipment manufacturer | benders, end finishers, presses, tooling and more

































 



















										proudly made in the u.s.a - city of industry, ca									




										626-968-9680									




     

















home
machines

tube / pipe bending

410 & 411 tube benders
420 precision bending machine
210 | 220 | 233 syncro bending machines


tube / pipe end finishing

2cpv / 3cpv / 8cpv end finishers
df double-flaring machine
m343 | m369 flangers


presses

manual compression (bench) presses
hydraulic compression presses
precision presses


structural beam fabrication system

automatic beam welder
auxiliary equipment for welding systems
gantry welding system


tooling


tooling

tooling – all
bender tooling
end finishing tooling


services
faq

faq
search


videos
news
about

about phi
history
customers & industries
jobs / careers


contact

 
open mobile menu








 







advanced rockets and spacecraft industry
precision and reliability from launch to landing

mission critical machinery










need to bend some pipes?
we have the machines to do it.

tube & pipe bending machines










need to make steel beams?
we have the machines to do it.

structural beam welders










laboratory
phi manufactures presses for laboratory applications.

presses










aviation industry
major players in the aviation industry choose phi machines.

learn more










need to press and laminate cards?
we have the machines to do it.

presses










need to bend hydraulic tubing and piping?
we have the machines to do it.

tube & pipe bending machines










automotive industry
manufacturing and maintenance of hydraulic and pneumatic lines

solutions for your tasks & problems








 


machines 



 




				tube / pipe bending machines			

phi offers a complete line of tube/pipe bending machines and tooling designed for applications requiring precision bending and/or small centerline radii. phi machines are available as manual, semi-automatic or with programmable digital controls for multiple-axis bending. general capabilities of phi’s tube and pipe bending equipment phi’s line of tube and pipe equipment offers maximum performance […]







 




				tube / pipe end finishing machines			

phi tube end-finishing machines and tooling phi tube end-finishing machines are the result of more than 40 years experience in producing tube-fabricating equipment. phi produced tube end-finishing equipment as leonard precision until 1969 and as conrac’s machine tool division until 1985. phi has machines for every end-finishing job there is a standard machine in the […]







 




				presses			

a complete line of phi hydraulic presses in more than half a century of manufacturing presses, phi has designed and manufactured hundreds of different presses. although phi is best known for its laboratory presses and four post heated platen presses, we have also manufactured many other types of presses (as listed below). special expertise in […]







 




				structural beam fabrication system			

structural beam fabrication system phi’s structural beam welding line is designed to manufacture custom steel beams such as those used in pre-engineered steel buildings, engineered metal buildings, bridges, shipyards, and trailers / semi truck trailers / tractor truck beds. by manufacturing custom beams, straight or tapered, and with web and flange dimensions not available in […]



 


 



servicesphi supports your production needs every step of the way, with services for installation, repair and maintenance, tooling, and customization.
learn more 



 



let’s work togethercontact us 



 


news 



 




				phi 3cpv end finishing machine			

time for new photos of the phi 3cpv end finshing machine – check them out below and also on the 3cpv ef product page. the 3cpv started out as the leonard tubemaster 3cp and 3cp-hd in the 1940s. it is the middle machine of phi’s current end finsher lineup capable of single flaring (37 and […]







 




				phi 411 manual tube bender			

we snapped some new photos of another 411 tube / pipe bender before it shipped out to a customer. they are added to show off here and also on the 411 bender product page. the 411 bender is the second manual bender in our lineup. it’s capable of bending tubes from 1/8 to 1″ od […]







 




				phi 410 manual tube bender			

we just added several great, new photos of our 410 tube / pipe bender – check them out below and also on the 410 bender product page. the 410 is the smallest and simplest tube bender in our lineup. it’s capable of bending tubes from 1/8 to 3/4″ od up to 180 degrees using 3,745 […]







 




				420 day			

today and 4/20 every year we celebrate the phi 420 tube and pipe bender! phi’s 420 bending machine is a stalwart for the u.s. military and especially for the u.s. air force and its fleets of aircraft. many other aerospace and space transportation companies use the 420 to get precise and accurate bends. the 420 […]







 




				how the air force’s metals techs keep aircraft flying			

the air force’s aircraft metals technology technicians keep the service’s aircraft flying by grinding, welding, fabricating or repairing parts.







 




				phi double-flaring demo videos – df			

double-flaring of tubing demonstration videos using a phi df end finishing machine.



 










about phi phi is a metal forming machinery manufacturer offering its clients both high end and customized machinery. with more than a half century of experience, phi is positioned to all of your machinery needs, including [...]
 

documents 



phi catalog
									
																			products and specs																	


 
 


 

popular links & searchhome
faq
phi news


search for:

search


 

get in touch 
phi


14955 salt lake ave.city of industry, ca 91746, usa



626-968-9680



send us a message


 





phi - an employee owned company 
proudly made in the u.s.a.
							

								handcrafted by imadm.com 
								                copyright ©                                     2025                                                    							








back to top





















