









home renovation & remodeling artisans - porches, sunrooms



































 




















 





what we build

screened porches
sunrooms
covered porches
home additions
outdoor kitchens
project design


why designers choice

quality details
mission statement
testimonials


contact us
 








        enhance the beauty, functionality, and value of your home      



              since 1998, charlotte area, home addition, sunroom, and screen porch artisans            

            contact us          




spring savings
10%
off
all porches.now until march 31st, 2025




spring savings
10%
off
all porches.now until march 31st, 2025






 

we design and build




 



              home additions            


you’ve decided that you need more room. maybe you have be looking to move but can’t find the house you want. or you would like to stay just where you are.
let use help you explore what your current home can become. with todays technology and our experience, we will work with you to design additional space that will meet your needs and budget.

learn more








 



              sunrooms            


a sunroom is great place to watch tv, play games, be with family, or a quiet place to just relax.
they offer openness and an unobstructed view that lets you experience and enjoy nature’s beauty.
a place to “get away from it all” without leaving the house.

learn more








 



              screened porches            


a screened in porch is a great way to enjoy the great outdoors even when it’s raining or too hot!
a screened porch is a comfortable and weather-resistant extension of your house. you can read, work or just relax in the comfort of your own home while enjoying the outside scenery.

learn more








 



              four season rooms            


true vaulted ceiling, full view floor to ceiling insulated glass, heated and cooled for year round comfort. if you want to view of the great outdoors, a four season room may be the answer for you.

learn more








 



              outdoor kitchens            


imagine stepping into your backyard oasis, where a beautifully designed outdoor kitchen awaits, bathed in the warm glow of evening lights. the sizzle of succulent steaks on the grill mingles with the sound of laughter from friends and family gathered around. you effortlessly prepare delicious meals amid the soothing embrace of nature, while the sun sets in the distance. your outdoor kitchen is not just a space; it’s a culinary masterpiece, a hub of entertainment, and a tranquil escape—all at once.

learn more








 



              covered porches            


a covered porch is the perfect way to enjoy the great outdoors while still being close to the comforts of your home.
our team of experts can help you design and build a one-of-a-kind outdoor retreat that you can enjoy all year round.

learn more








 



              project design            


designers-choice.com, inc utilizes the most advanced architectural software available. with the capacity to render stunningly photo realistic three dimensional project models, we are able to create drawings of your home showing the finished project from any point of view, exterior and interior.

learn more










since 1998, designers-choice has provided the highest level of concept to completion, design and construction services in mecklenburg, union, cabarrus, iredell, gaston counties in north carolina, and in south carolina, york and lancaster counties. licensed in both states, our specialties include house additions, screen porches, sunrooms, covered porches, outdoor kitchens, as well as stone and brick hardscapes.
with our in-house state of the art architectural software, we are able to create projects that have the look and feel of being part of the original structure, not something added on. as the project design comes together, making revisions and exploring different ideas are as easy as a click of the mouse. computer aided design and cost tracking insure that we have the ability to build the highest quality project at the best price, within a defined timeframe. realistic project renderings and construction drawing are an integral part of our design and construction process. unlike many of our competitors, who do not have this ability, or hire an outside firm at addition cost, we do not charge extra for this service.
with twenty five years of experience and over a thousand completed projects designers-choice is the go to company for discriminating home owners looking for quality and value when it comes to adding on to their home. please contact us, allow us the privilege and the pleasure of designing and building the project of your dreams.




how it works


step 1: consultation and design
begin your outdoor transformation with a personalized consultation. our designer will meet with you to discuss your vision, needs, and budget. we’ll also assess your property to determine the best layout and design options, as well as to meet zoning requirements.  using our design software, we’ll take the information we’ve gathered to create photo realistic renderings of the proposed project, the construction drawings and specifications that will be used to build the project.



 



step 2: permits and approvals
we handle the necessary permits and approvals to ensure  complies with local regulations. our team takes care of the paperwork, giving you peace of mind.



 



step 3: construction and finishing touches
our skilled craftsmen get to work, using top-notch materials and techniques to construct your desired addition, whether it’s a home addition, screen porch, sunroom, or outdoor kitchen. we work efficiently, ensuring every detail, from appliances to countertops, lighting, and those personalized finishing touches, is executed to perfection, making your space uniquely yours.



 



step 4: final inspection and enjoyment
before concluding your project, we conduct a meticulous inspection to ensure it aligns with our stringent quality standards, whether it’s a home addition, screen porch, sunroom, or outdoor kitchen. once approved, the stage is set for you to bask in the joy of your transformed space. host gatherings, unleash your creativity, and craft unforgettable memories in your exquisite designer’s choice addition, tailored to your dreams and lifestyle.



 





serving charlotte and its surrounding areas, including

charlotte
concord
fort mill
harrisburg
huntersville
indian land
indian trail
marvin
matthews
mint hill
monroe
pineville
rocky river
stallings
waxhaw
weddington
wesley chapel















give us a call
704-540-2228                    










contact us











follow us on facebook








                a+
              









join our mailing list!







designers-choice.com, inc servicing locations


              greater charlotte area, mecklenburg, union, cabarrus, iredell, gaston, york, and lancaster counties            










© 2025 designers-choice.com, inc. all rights reserved.



web design by sem
                  focus












