












"and the angel sings ..." the career of martha tilton



















home
biography
discography
gallery
audio
articles
links
on cd






and the
angel sings


the
  career of martha tilton















 
martha tilton, toni tennille, hal linden.   see a portion of martha's interview,
   and dance.  (1992 tv.) 










added a new photo collection in the gallery 2025. lt charles a wentz, usn. memorabilia from uso wwii pacific islands,check it out, click the gallery link at top of page.  
  









introduction by tom oehme
this website is dedicated to a wonderful singer and her many fans.
  martha's music has stood the test of time and she is, in person, a delightful
  lady to know.
i really started enjoying big band/swing music in 2000. my folks listened
  to it as i grew up, but it wasn't until june 2000 that i fully appreciated it
  myself; now it's the only music my wife and i listen to. that eventful day in
  june was the "world war ii weekend" at the mid-atlantic air museum
  in reading, pennsylvania. at this event, the air museum held a swing dance in
  the evening; my wife and i became enraptured with the music and swing
  dancing.
as we began seeking places to listen to and dance to this great music, i
  purchased a cd released by the history channel, titled "till then."
  along with other selections, this cd included the song "and the angels
  sing" by martha tilton.
i fell in love with that song and wanted to find more recordings by
  martha. i soon laid my hands on two cds featuring martha, "the capitol
  years" and "standard transcriptions." i found that digital
  music express and xm radio had big band/swing channels and started to listen
  in, discovering that martha was featured regularly. i was in heaven, a heaven
  occupied by that angelic martha tilton.
of course, i started checking the internet for information on martha and
  found bits and pieces scattered over thousands of web sites. through this
  search, i became extremely interested in her career and life. i became a
  regular buyer of her recordings and memorabilia on ebay. i have collected
  every cd, record, movie, tape or piece of memorabilia i could find. from this
  treasure trove, i have included three magazine articles you can read in this
  site; these really give an idea of her personality.
in december 2005, i met rex strother, a tilton
  fan who had built a website for his two aunts, "the bell sisters"
  of early 1950s fame. i was impressed with his site and the information
  available there. i suggested it would be great to do something similar for
  the neglected martha and he immediately agreed that we should work together
  on it.
you will not only find information about martha's career, but through
  contact with and the help of martha and her daughter and son, we have been
  able to include personal information about her and her family.
also contained herein is a discography that i assembled, chronicling over
  400 song recordings martha made during her career. we've included a
  biography, as well as her thoughts on various subjects, including her
  favorite recordings. in any correspondence, we would especially appreciate knowing
  your age to help us determine the age of her fans; we believe her music is
  still being discovered by a younger audience.
if you have anything you would like to add to this site, we would love to
  include it. contact us via email (link below) and we will help you get it entered.
  likewise, all questions will be answered promptly and to the best of our
  knowledge.
we hope you enjoy this site as much as we enjoyed putting it together for
  you, her fans.

  tom oehme
  









this site is made
  possible by the efforts and interest of tom oehme, nate oehme, rex strother, lars schinnerling,
  robert nickora and martha tilton brooks. thanks to
  you and all the martha tilton fans out there.











 

contact administrator for this site:


click here for email or copy and paste: martha_ellen_tilton@yahoo.com 









 




editor - contributor:  d. mckinney 
fact checker - contributor:   a. daff  this website last updated february 8th,
2025 







.



