









life advisor well-being - login




































life advisorwell-being








                    quick first step - verification
                
you'll only need to do this once per device



 







your company/organization/union/school name





your company/organization/union/school city







your username





your password


if you are a new user, please login with your company and city and click the option to create a profile.



sign me in

send my password



remember me





powered by © ulliance, inc.  |  +1 800.448.8326




terms of use  | 
privacy policy and cookies











                            website terms of use agreement
                        
ulliance, inc. (ulliance) welcomes you to lifeadvisor.com. we ask that you read the following terms of use, which constitute a license that covers your use of this site and any transactions that you engage in through this site (agreement). by accessing, viewing, or using this site, you acknowledge that you, or by permitting your child to use our services, have read, understand, and agree with these terms. if you do not wish to be bound by these terms, please do not use this site.
 

                            use of site
                        
this website is provided solely for the use of current and future customers of ulliance to provide you with information about our company, to permit you to place orders for our products and services, and to enable you to contact us with any questions or comments that you may have. any other use of this site is prohibited. by way of example, you should not use any features of this site that permit communications or postings to post, transmit, display, or otherwise communicate

any defamatory, threatening, obscene, harassing, or otherwise unlawful information;
any advertisement, solicitation, spam, chain letter, or other similar type of information;
any encouragement of illegal activity;
unauthorized use or disclosure of private, personally identifiable information of others; or
any materials subject to trademark, copyright, or other laws protecting any materials or data of others in the absence of a valid license or other right to do so.

 

                            site contents and ownership
                        
the information contained on this site, including all images, designs, photographs, writings, graphs, data, and other materials (materials) are the property of ulliance and are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights. permission is granted to display, copy, distribute, download, and print portions of this site solely for the purposes of using this site for the authorized uses described above. you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices on all copies of the contents. you shall comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this website and prevent unauthorized copying of the contents. except as provided in this notice, ulliance does not grant you any express or implied right in or under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secret information.
ulliance, the ulliance building blocks logo, the “enhancing people. improving business” slogan, life advisor eap, your senior coach, and all associated names, designs, logos, signatures, and slogans are trademarks and service marks (“trademarks”) owned by ulliance, inc. such owned and/or protected trademarks may be identified on this website with an “sm” or “tm” notation or the encircled “r” symbol ( ® ). nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark, or other intellectual property of ulliance, without the prior written permission of ulliance, inc.
the materials found on this website are protected by the copyright laws of the united states of america as provided under title 17 of the u.s. code and the corresponding laws, publications, and regulations regarding the same. the selection, arrangement, and presentation of all information and the overall design of the website are protected hereunder. permission is granted to you to view and print materials from this website for the personal, non-commercial purpose of viewing, reading, and retaining information for your general reference. any other copying, distribution, retransmission, or modification of information or materials on or from this website in any format, without the express prior written permission and appropriate attribution of ulliance, is strictly prohibited.
 

                            disclaimer of warranty
                        
you expressly agree that use of this website is at your sole risk. neither ulliance, its affiliates, nor any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, or licensors (collectively, “providers”), or the like, warrant that this site will be uninterrupted or error-free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of this site, or as to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, security, or currency of the materials.
the materials may contain errors, omissions, inaccuracies, or outdated information. further, ulliance does not warrant reliability of any statement or other information displayed or distributed through the site. ulliance reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site. ulliance may make any other changes to this site, the materials and the products, programs, services, or prices (if any) described in this site at any time without notice.
this site and the information, content, and materials on this site are provided on an “as is,” “where is,” and “where available” basis. ulliance makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site, the content, information, or the materials on this site. to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, ulliance expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind, with respect to any of the materials, content, or information on this site or any goods or other products or services offered, sold, or displayed on this site or your use of this site generally, including warranties of merchantability, accuracy of information, quality, title, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. some jurisdictions limit or do not allow the disclaimer of implied or other warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to the extent such jurisdiction’s law applies to this agreement.
 

                            limitation of liabilities
                        
you agree that ulliance and its providers shall not be liable for any damage, loss, or expense of any kind arising out of or resulting from your possession or use of the materials, content, or information on this site regardless of whether such liability is based in tort, contract, or otherwise. in no event, including, without limitation, a negligent act, shall ulliance or any of its providers be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages (including, without limitation, loss of profits, loss or corruption of data, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or interruption of business), arising out of or in any way related to the materials, content, or information on this site or any other products, services, or information offered, sold, or displayed on this site, your use of, or inability to use, this site generally, or otherwise in connection with this agreement, regardless of whether ulliance or any of its providers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. because some states do not allow the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
 

                            indemnification
                        
you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless ulliance, its affiliates, agents, employees, and licensors from and against any and all claims and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, arising out of or related in any way to your use of the site, violation of this agreement, violation of any law or regulation, or violation of any proprietary or privacy right.
 

                            privacy policy
                        
in this document you will find ulliance’s privacy policy governing the use of information that ulliance obtains from you through your use of this website.
 
limitations on claim
any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of this site must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises.
 
term and termination
without limiting its other remedies, ulliance may immediately discontinue, suspend, terminate, or block your and any user’s access to this site at any time in our sole discretion.
 
hyperlink disclaimers
as a convenience to you, we may provide on this site links to websites operated by other entities (collectively the “linked sites”). if you use any linked sites, you will leave this site. if you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. linked sites, regardless of the linking form (e.g., hotlinks, hypertext links, img links) are not maintained, controlled, or otherwise governed by ulliance. the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, and other links provided by linked sites are not investigated, verified, monitored, or endorsed by ulliance. ulliance does not endorse, make any representations regarding, or warrant any information, goods, and/or services appearing and/or offered on any linked site, other than linked information authored by ulliance. links do not imply that ulliance or this site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo, or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of ulliance or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. except for links to information authored by ulliance, ulliance is neither responsible for nor will it be liable under any theory based on (i) any linked site; (ii) any information and/or content found on any linked site; or (iii) any site(s) linked to or from any linked site. if you decide to visit any linked sites and/or transact any business on them, you do so at your own risk. ulliance reserves the right to discontinue any linked site at any time without prior notice. please contact the webmasters of any linked sites concerning any information, goods, and/or services appearing on them.
 
controlling law, jurisdiction, and international users
this agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of michigan, u.s.a., without reference to its conflict-of-law provisions. ulliance makes no representation that the materials are appropriate or available for use outside the united states. if you access this site from outside the united states, you will be responsible for compliance with all local laws. you agree to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to your use of this site. you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located within oakland county, michigan for any disputes with ulliance arising out of your use of this site.
 
entire agreement
this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between ulliance and you with respect to this website, and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and ulliance with respect to this website. a printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. if for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this agreement or portion of it to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of this agreement, and the remainder of this agreement shall continue in full force and effect. no waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
 
modifications to agreement
we may revise this agreement at any time and you agree to be bound by the revised agreement. any such modifications will become effective on the date they are first posted to this site. it is your responsibility to return to this agreement from time to time to review the most current terms and conditions. ulliance does not and will not assume any obligation to notify you of changes to this agreement.
 
notice
all notices to a party shall be in writing and shall be made either via e-mail or u.s. mail. notice shall be deemed given 24 hours after an e-mail that is not returned to the sender is sent, or 3 days after deposit in the u.s. mail, to you at the address provided by you upon registration and to ulliance at the address set forth below:
ulliance, inc.
900 tower drive
suite 600
troy, mi 48098
 
 
electronic communications and electronic signatures
you agree to be bound by any affirmation, assent, or agreement you transmit through this website, including but not limited to any consent you give to receive communications from ulliance solely through electronic transmission. you agree that when in the future you click on an “i agree,” “i consent,” or other similarly worded “button” or entry field with your mouse, keystroke, or other computer device, your agreement or consent will be legally binding and enforceable and the legal equivalent of your handwritten signature.
 



                            cookies and end user privacy policy:
                        
cookies policy
ulliance ("us", "we", or "our") uses cookies on lifeadvisor.com (the "service"). by using the service, you consent to the use of cookies. our cookies policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
 
what are cookies
cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. a cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the service or a third­-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the service more useful to you.  cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
 
how ulliance ​uses cookies
when you use and access the service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.  we use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the service, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising.  we use both session and persistent cookies on the service and we use different types of cookies to run the service:  essential cookies. we may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
 
third-­party cookies
in addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third­-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the service, deliver advertisements on and through the service, and so on.
 
what are your choices regarding cookies
if you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
 
where can you find more information about cookies
you can learn more about cookies and the following third­-party websites:

allaboutcookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
network advertising initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/

 
your privacy is important to ulliance, inc.
ulliance is committed to protecting the privacy of your health information. we have policies and safeguards in place to protect your privacy. ulliance is also required by state and federal laws to protect the confidentiality of your health information and to provide you with this notice of privacy practices. this notice describes how we use the information that we collect about you or that you enter into the life advisor web site. this notice also tells you about your rights.
we strive to educate parents and kids about how to appropriately safeguard their privacy when using our services. we are committed to complying with the children’s online privacy protection act of 1998 (“coppa”), which requires us to inform parents and legal guardians about our information collection and use practices. coppa also requires that we obtain parental consent before we allow children under the age of 13 to access and/or use our services. we urge kids to check with their parents before entering information through our site and/or services, and we recommend that parents discuss with their kids restrictions regarding the online release of personal information (as defined below) to anyone they don’t know.
the confidential health information that we collect as we provide our well-being services is called "protected health information" or "phi." the most common reason why we may use or disclose your phi is for coaching, incentives, challenges, with our partners when offering you services, and our well-being operations. we use your phi for our well-being operations; to evaluate and improve the quality of our services, to evaluate employee performance, or to store your records. we routinely use your health information for these purposes without any special permission. otherwise we can share your individual phi with your approval when you sign a valid authorization; you may cancel this authorization at any time. we do not use or disclosure your individual phi for marketing purposes and we do not sell your phi.
we will only share your individual phi when:

you sign an authorization giving us approval
it is required by law
there is a court order

 
you also have the following rights regarding the use and disclosure of your phi:

you may request that we restrict the use or disclosure of your phi by doing so in writing. you can also decide to end a restriction at any time.
you may ask to review your phi by requesting to do so in writing. we may charge a fee for copying and require payment in advance.
you may request that we amend your records if you think they are incorrect or incomplete. if we agree, we will amend the record.
if a breach of your unsecured phi occurs, you will receive a written notification of the details of the breach at the home or email address we have on file for you.
you may receive an accounting of the disclosures we have made of your phi, other than those for coaching, incentives, or well-being operations, disclosures required by law, or disclosures for which we have your authorization.

 
if you wish to see or obtain a copy of your phi, see an accounting of any disclosures we have made of your phi or ask to amend your phi or revoke your authorization, please contact ulliance at 1-800-448-8326 for directions on how to make these requests.
if you believe that your privacy has not been protected, you believe there has been a breach of the security of your phi, or you wish to have additional information, please contact ulliance at 1-800-448-8326 or you can contact the secretary of health and human services. you will not be retaliated against if you file a complaint. the privacy of your phi is important to us. ulliance welcomes your questions and input for our continuous improvement process.
 
notice regarding employee wellness program 
ulliance is committed to protecting the confidentiality of your health information. this notice describes how your ulliance  protected health information may be used and disclosed, and how you can get access to this information. please review this notice carefully.   
 
this is a voluntary wellness program available to all employees. the program is administered according to federal rules permitting employer-sponsored wellness programs that seek to improve employee health or prevent disease, including the americans with disabilities act of 1990, the genetic information nondiscrimination act of 2008, and the health insurance portability and accountability act, as applicable, among others. if you choose to participate in the wellness program you may be asked to complete a voluntary health risk assessment or "hra" that asks a series of questions about your health-related activities and behaviors and whether you have or had certain medical conditions (e.g., cancer, diabetes, or heart disease). you may also be asked to complete a biometric screening, which will include a blood test for cholesterol and glucose.  it may also include blood pressure, height and weight, bmi, and waist circumference   you are not required to complete the hra or to participate in the blood test or other medical examinations. 
however, employees who choose to participate in the wellness program may receive an incentive for participating. although you are not required to complete the hra or participate in the biometric screening, only employees who do so will receive the incentive.   additional incentives may be available for employees who participate in certain health-related activities or achieve certain health outcomes.  if you are unable to participate in any of the health-related activities or achieve any of the health outcomes required to earn an incentive, you may be entitled to a reasonable accommodation or an alternative standard. you may request a reasonable accommodation or an alternative standard by contacting ulliance at 1-800-448-8326. 
 
the information from your health assessment and/or the results from your biometric screening may be used to provide you with information to help you understand your current health and potential risks, and may also be used to offer you services through the wellness program, such as coaching, lifestyle management, wellness challenges and 5 to thrive.  your personal health information will never be shared with your employer without your written authorization.   you are, however, encouraged to share your results or concerns with your own doctor. 
 
protections from disclosure of medical information 
we are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your personally identifiable health information. although the wellness program and your employer may use aggregate information it collects to design a program based on identified health risks in the workplace, ulliance will never disclose any of your personal information either publicly or to the employer, except as necessary to respond to a request from you for a reasonable accommodation needed to participate in the wellness program, or as expressly permitted by law. medical information that personally identifies you that is provided in connection with the wellness program will not be provided to your supervisors or managers and may never be used to make decisions regarding your employment.   your health information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or otherwise disclosed except to the extent permitted by law to carry out specific activities related to the wellness program, and you will not be asked or required to waive the confidentiality of your health information as a condition of participating in the wellness program or receiving an incentive. anyone who receives your information for purposes of providing you services as part of the wellness program will abide by the same confidentiality requirements. the only individual(s) who will receive your personally identifiable health information are ulliance wellness coaches.  other partners of the wellness program may receive some of your health information in order to provide you with services under the wellness program. 
 
in addition, all medical information obtained through the wellness program will be maintained separate from your personnel records, information stored electronically will be encrypted, and no information you provide as part of the wellness program will be used in making any employment decision.  appropriate precautions will be taken to avoid any data breach, and in the event a data breach occurs involving information you provide in connection with the wellness program, we will notify you immediately. 
 
you may not be discriminated against in employment because of the medical information you provide as part of participating in the wellness program, nor may you be subjected to retaliation if you choose not to participate. 
if you have questions or concerns regarding this notice, or about protections against discrimination and retaliation, please contact ulliance: 

                        ulliance, inc.

                        900 tower drive

                        suite 600

                        troy, mi
ulliance reserves the right to change the terms of this notice at any time. if we change the notice, a revised notice will be available on our website at lifeadvisor.com. the changes will apply to all your phi even if we received the phi before the change.
 
last updated: 09/27/2021



















welcome

your life advisor is here to help - let's get you connnected!











organization












school












staff & faculty












union







first we need to get you connected to the branded login page - select an option and fill out the details to verify your access.






 


send my password

×




if this is your first time logging in or you forgot your password, use this form to receive an email with a new temporary password.


                                            username
                                        







                                            email address
                                        












 









