









easy does it inc - recovery lies within
















































































 














skip to content






contact us
join our mailing list









 


menumenuabout

historyboard of directorsour teampartners & sponsorseasy does it testimonialsin the mediacontact us

join our mailing listdirectionsfile a complaint or grievance 

services

supportive housinglife skills groupsfamily education/supporthelp us

donate 
community resourcesedi at atonement

services offeredmeet our recovery specialists 
quality and outcomes
housing applicationrecovery events

soberstock 2024spiritual breakfastother eventsrecovery & support meetings
reserve fellowship hallfor

for the public

donatesoberstock 2024other eventsbecome a volunteer 
for professionals

refer a clientquality and outcomespartners & sponsorsbecome a partner/sponsor/volunteer 
for families and alumni

refer a loved onelife skills groupsfamily education/supportjoin our mailing listother resources 
for myself

housing applicationrecovery & support meetingslife skills groupscontact usdirectionsother resources 

donate







menumenuabout

historyboard of directorsour teampartners & sponsorseasy does it testimonialsin the mediacontact us

join our mailing listdirectionsfile a complaint or grievance 

services

supportive housinglife skills groupsfamily education/supporthelp us

donate 
community resourcesedi at atonement

services offeredmeet our recovery specialists 
quality and outcomes
housing applicationrecovery events

soberstock 2024spiritual breakfastother eventsrecovery & support meetings
reserve fellowship hallfor

for the public

donatesoberstock 2024other eventsbecome a volunteer 
for professionals

refer a clientquality and outcomespartners & sponsorsbecome a partner/sponsor/volunteer 
for families and alumni

refer a loved onelife skills groupsfamily education/supportjoin our mailing listother resources 
for myself

housing applicationrecovery & support meetingslife skills groupscontact usdirectionsother resources 

donate







recovery eventseasy does it, inc. hosts community events throughout the year to promote and celebrate recovery.  recovery oriented events include: monthly breakfasts, family groups, holiday parties, and soberstock.donatehelp us make a difference in our community by making a tax-deductible donation to support edi housing programs and recovery services. info easy does it, inc. is a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the quality of life of individuals recovering from the effects of substance use disorder. discover more about edi.



easy does it, inc.’s programs and services include:


supportive housing

edi is committed to providing supportive housing programs with a living environment characterized by mutual respect, daily structure, and personal accountability to help residents begin or continue their journey of recovery.



recovery support services

every resident works with a certified recovery support specialist (crs, rss).  beginning with an assessment of recovery capital, each resident develops an individualized recovery plan to identify goals and action steps for their recovery journey.  residents also participate in daily peer support groups facilitated by certified recovery specialists. 



other programs and services:

life skills groups
recovery oriented events for the community
recovery awareness and advocacy
training and educational programming for the community


 




anonymous

"they gave me the foundation and the freedom to build a recovery system which i used as a launching pad for the rest of my life. i came here–had no job, no license, no car, no family. fines. no hope. i was able to clear up all the wreckage of my past while i was here, earn a master's degree, and restore the relationship w/my children and my god–that about sums it up.

they allowed me to be proactive enough that my recovery was individualized to me, but within safe boundaries."


easy does it inc.
 2024-11-20t10:18:46-05:00    "they gave me the foundation and the freedom to build a recovery system which i used as a launching pad for the rest of my life. i came here–had no job, no license, no car, no family. fines. no hope. i was able to clear up all the wreckage of my past while i was here, earn a master's degree, and restore the relationship w/my children and my god–that about sums it up. they allowed me to be proactive enough that my recovery was individualized to me, but within safe boundaries."	   https://easydoesitinc.org/testimonials/anonymous/ 




brandon o.

staff was always helpful and caring and provided me with structure and balance to assist in my recovery. i also enjoyed all the extra activities that were planned to keep me busy.


easy does it inc.
 2023-08-28t17:42:53-04:00    staff was always helpful and caring and provided me with structure and balance to assist in my recovery. i also enjoyed all the extra activities that were planned to keep me busy.	   https://easydoesitinc.org/testimonials/brandon-o/ 




alfred m.

edi is a non-judgmental safe place for me. they set a pace i could handle and i enjoyed the structure of the groups and meetings. they also helped me get set up with other organizations that opened my eyes to other areas in my life where i needed help.


easy does it inc.
 2023-08-28t17:39:10-04:00    edi is a non-judgmental safe place for me. they set a pace i could handle and i enjoyed the structure of the groups and meetings. they also helped me get set up with other organizations that opened my eyes to other areas in my life where i needed help.	   https://easydoesitinc.org/testimonials/alfred-m/ 




dan m.

“i write this as i approach my 13th year of sobriety and a bedrock of my recovery foundation was laid during my time at easy does it. the mentorship i received from staff i still think of today, lessons that have served me so well in the years of early recovery. the community it have brought me into has also served as an invaluable resource to myself and my family. we are lucky to have an organization like this in our backyard and i will forever be grateful for the time i spent here. in the years of recovery i have also been able to work with edi as one of their vendors and it’s safe to say they are the client that means the most to me. “


easy does it inc.
 2023-01-19t15:50:30-05:00    “i write this as i approach my 13th year of sobriety and a bedrock of my recovery foundation was laid during my time at easy does it. the mentorship i received from staff i still think of today, lessons that have served me so well in the years of early recovery. the community it have brought me into has also served as an invaluable resource to myself and my family. we are lucky to have an organization like this in our backyard and i will forever be grateful for the time i spent here. in the years of recovery i have also been able to work with edi as one of their vendors and it’s safe to say they are the client that means the most to me. “	   https://easydoesitinc.org/testimonials/dan-m/ 




isaac l.

"i enjoyed the independent yet supportive environment edi offered. the staff and community were essential to my success. they helped me build trust, set and achieve realistic goals. i was introduced to many different options to help me find my way. edi even introduced me to new, fun, and exciting activities to help keep me centered and active."


easy does it inc.
 2021-04-06t14:27:19-04:00    "i enjoyed the independent yet supportive environment edi offered. the staff and community were essential to my success. they helped me build trust, set and achieve realistic goals. i was introduced to many different options to help me find my way. edi even introduced me to new, fun, and exciting activities to help keep me centered and active."	   https://easydoesitinc.org/testimonials/isaac-l/ 




robert t.

the structure is a blessing, it has enabled me to organize and create a schedule that is conclusive to living a happy sober life. i especially enjoy participating in soberstock, paddleboarding, and the men’s spiritual breakfast.

-robert t. -sober since 2/2019


easy does it inc.
 2021-03-16t11:12:17-04:00    the structure is a blessing, it has enabled me to organize and create a schedule that is conclusive to living a happy sober life. i especially enjoy participating in soberstock, paddleboarding, and the men’s spiritual breakfast. -robert t. -sober since 2/2019	   https://easydoesitinc.org/testimonials/robert-t/ 


0
0
easy does it inc.


  

latest newsphils celebrate substance abuse recoveryaugust 16, 2024in the media / newswfmz



reading, pa. – there was a different kind of energy in firstenergy stadium thursday night, as 16 berks county organizations joined forces with the reading fightin phils to celebrate recovery from substance abuse.



“it’s important to educate the community that recovery is possible, and it’s important to get the information out there, and de-stigmatize substance abuse disorders,” said chris axford, ceo, berks counseling center.



booths lined the park.



“you can get information about prevention, you can get information about treatment, you can get information about recovery,” said michael rivera, berks county commissioner.



but the night is more than just education and treatment. it’s about celebrating recovery. six hundred t-shirts were handed out, and 5,000 tickets were given out for the game.



“these tickets were given out to clients of different organizations represented here, they were given to the community at large and friends and family who work at the different organizations,” said rivera. “we want to make sure we had the most amount of people here to share the message that recovery is possible.”



they also want to make sure people know it’s possible to get easy access to treatment.



“you can reach out, that’s the most important thing,” said axford. “at berks counseling center, we have same-day access, so you can call or walk in any time, any day, and someone will point you in the right direction.”



making the night a grand slam for recovery.







paloma freundt reporter







sara madonna reporter [...]

edi and atonement lutheran church partnershipaugust 17, 2023in the media / news

new location open- edi at atonementjuly 19, 2023in the media / newsedi at atonement is now open at the community center of atonement lutheran church located at 5 wyomissing blvd. wyomissing. this new location is offering free recovery support services. meet with a certified recovery specialist to assess your recovery capital and develop an individualized recovery plan. the staff at edi at atonement will work on helping you build a foundation in recovery, explore different pathways, and help you connect to other services and organizations.



call: 610-898-7911, click: ediinc.org/atonement, or stop by: walk-ins welcome [...]

reading eagle reports easy does it, inc. awarded $50,000 grant from opioid settlement fundsmay 1, 2023in the media / news

reading eagle reports recovery partnershipfebruary 3, 2023in the media / newslink to reading eagle article [...]

edi receives ddap license, first in berks countyjune 13, 2022in the media / news

edi hosts state officialsmay 13, 2022in the media / news

state leaders discuss need for treatment centers to curb opioid epidemicmay 7, 2022in the media / newsellen kolodziej



bern twp., pa. – state officials gathered at a treatment center in berks county to search for solutions. it comes as the feds say more than 70,000 people died from a drug overdose in 2019.



“they’ll be able to rebound quickly and save up some money and feel secure and get a good foundation of recovery that they are ready to move on,” said scott althouse, of easy does it incorporated in bern township, where those suffering from addiction can get a fresh start.



“i think the value of a recovery house is not often understood due to a lot of reasons, primarily stigma,” althouse said.



local trending news



about:blankabout:blankabout:blankhttps://imasdk.googleapis.com/js/core/bridge3.513.0_en.html#goog_287235017about:blankabout:blank



but state and local drug experts are hearing from pennsylvanians that there aren’t enough of these treatment centers to help curb the opioid epidemic.



“and so the need for continued recovery support services, whether that’s housing or whether that’s support groups or whatever else, is really critical to ensure that an individual’s journey remains intact,” said jen smith, secretary of the pennsylvania department of drug and alcohol programs.



“you know a lot of people have a loved one that they know they sent to detox, they sent to short term treatment, then they come home, but there’s a recurrence of use, then a second or third time in detox or more than that.”



that’s why the head of the pennsylvania department of drug and alcohol programs joined state senator judy schwank., to listen to those on the front lines of the crisis, about what’s most needed to keep people on the path to recovery.



“what was most important to us was to showcase what a really great recovery house can look like, what a recovery organization can look like and the value of it,” althouse said.



because many here believe without places that treat the root of the problem, the opioid crisis will just continue to spiral out of control.



if you or a loved one needs help finding treatment, call the state’s hotline at 1-800-662-help. it’s available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.



tags



opioid epidemicscott althousebern townshipberks county







ellen kolodziej [...]

meet melissa- admission coordinatormay 3, 2022in the media

steel lotus sangha of recovery dharma meetings now at edi on tuesday nights!may 2, 2022in the media







directionsjoin us easy does it, inc.
1300 hilltop road – leesport, pa 19533
610-373-2463

donate 













 

$ donation amount:



$50$100$250$500$1000custom amount

select payment method			






 offline donation



 paypal







			personal info		


                first name                                    *
 




                last name                                 



is this donation on behalf of a company?




                                no                            




                                yes                            





                    company name                                         




                email address                                    *
 





                    make this an anonymous donation.					




					comment										 






			donation total:		

			$50.00		










donate now

eventsno events



			developed by think up themes ltd. powered by wordpress.			

privacy policy
terms of service
disclaimer
facebook
login
transparency in coverage
 



















































