






vet.com || pet med, pet insurance, & pet training resources and information...





  







 








 















· comprehensive 
              pet meds information & comparisons...
· pet insurance 
              reviews & resources...
· pet health & 
              pet products news & articles...











new 
            on vet.com: comprehensive pet med comparisons...what flea medication 
            is right for your pet? 















· 
                    get a link@vet.com
                    · about- 
                    vet.com
                    · contact 
                    us 
                    · news features















owner resources



· pet boarding
· pet meds
· pet health
· pet insurance
· pet training
· pet supply
· pet lover 
                    gifts
· find a vet
· vet.com favorites





vet resources


· 
                  vet associations
· 
                  vet resources
· 
                  vet supplies
· 
                    veterinary jobs





vet students


· 
                    vet universities
· vet student 
                    resources
· 
                    veterinary jobs





rural resources


· 
                    equine
· bovine

· ruminant
· swine

· 
                    livestock supply
· 
                    farm vets


















do you have a vet question ? 
  ask your pet question now and get and immediate answer 

  





vet.com believes that if you love your pet
					
	 				insure it ! 
				





pet boarding


boarding .com  everything dog boarding all in one place.  pet boarding articles and thousands of dog boarding facilities across the us. find doggie day care, pet sitting, dog walkers, overnight dog boarding, pet spas, pet hotels, dog camps, etc. on boarding.com.   dog boarding search. 



pet assure veterinary discount plan


pet assure
with pet assure, you will instantly save on every visit to the vet.   just take your pet assure id card to a participating vet and they will reduce your bill. you can enroll any type of pet, at any age and in any health condition. no claims and no limits. it's simple: enroll, print your card, and start saving today. enroll today!


pets best


pets best
        are you looking for the best coverage for your money? from signing up online to filing a claim, no other company makes pet insurance this easy. unlike many pet insurers, we provide affordable protection for your entire pet family-not just the young ones.
click here for a free quote >> 


navle review course 


navleâ® comprehensive audio review. the navle has two dimensions: activities and animal species. activities are tasks performed by entry-level veterinarians in private clinical practice. the navle covers all animal species commonly seen by entry level practicing veterinarians. covers navleâ® test specifications by nbvme: data gathering and interpretation; health maintenance and problem management; professional behavior, communication, and practice management 5 audio cds, 5 hours, presented by professional speaker and subject expert. recorded in studio. buy on amazon...




pet information 




flea 
                          tick, and parasite control resources
                          fleas, ticks, and other parasites can be a debilitating 
                          for both pet and owner. vet.com has compiled information 
                          on the top flea and parasite medications for your pet. 
                          although there is no replacement for a veterinarian 
                          diagnosis we hope this resource helps to educate pet 
                          owners to the flea, tick, and parasite control options 
                          available. learn 
                      more>>

vacationing 
                          pets and owners driving demand for travel-friendly pet 
                          products and services
this summer travel season, 
                          more pets will hit the road with their owners than ever 
                          before. according to the american pet products manufacturers 
                          association (appma) more than 15 million americans travel 
                          with their pet each year. 

pet 
                          summer safety tips

 never leave any pet in a parked vehicle 
                            for any period of time
 pets can get sunburned too! make 
                            sure to apply sunscreen to their nose and the tips 
                            of their ears
 be aware that plant food, fertilizer 
                            and insecticide can be fatal to your pet. make sure 
                            these products are stored correctly and that your 
                            pet is not exposed to an area immediately after these 
                            products have been applied
 do not let your dog ride in the back 
                            of a truck unsecured
 make sure your dog is protected from 
                            fleas and ticks
 keep your dog on a leash for control 
                            when walking or running
 make sure your dog is always wearing 
                            a collar with identification tags
 provide plenty of clean water at 
                            all times
 check with you veterinarian to see 
                            if your dog should be taking heartworm prevention 
                            medication
 always provide adequate shade
 avoid walking your dog on hot pavement 
                            to avoid burned paws
 after outdoor activity, check your 
                            dog's feet for burrs, thorns or rocks.
 if your pet displays 
                            any signs of heat stroke, contact your veterinarian 
                            immediately



protection 
                          for horses from mosquitoes
                          mosquito halt® spray for horses from veterinary 
                          products laboratories repels and kills the insects
when summer settles in, so do the 
                          season’s uninvited pests including mosquitoes. 
                          the united states department of agriculture (usda) recommends 
                          that horse owners implement safeguards to prevent animals’ 
                          exposure to mosquitoes--because the insects are known 
                          to spread the potentially fatal west nile virus (wnv).


nutritech 
                          international launchs equine supplement chew bars
nutritech international as (sweden) 
                          www.nutritechint.com , is launching it's activated 
                          barley equine daily supplement chew bars  
                          and daily rejuvenation supplement " aktiv equine".

connect with a  personal trainer


1-800 
                        save a pet-  is a free service 
                        that lets you search and see photos of pets by breed, 
                        age, size and color from thousands of purebred and mixed 
                        breed animals available for adoption in your area. 1-800-save-a-pet.com 
                        lists the animals from public and private shelters, and 
                        you can search by phone, or on our website. you can find 
                        dogs, cats, puppies, kittens and other animals as well 
                        to adopt.































  
 
 

 
              vet.com search 
              
              web 
               
 

 
















 some of the 
      info and links within vet.com relate to the topic of pet/animal health. 
      the contents of vet.com are for informational purposes only. information 
      found on vet.com is in no way intended to be a substitute for professional 
      medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. vet.com does not offer veterinary 
      advice. any inquiries directed to vet.com seeking veterinary advice will 
      not be answered. click 
      here for a short listing of sites for veterinarian 
      online diagnosis which in no way are affiliated with vet.com. 
      iventure 2025 !


 






