







robin rose training and consulting
































































































cart
















0
















              home
            

              about robin
            

              virtual trainings
            

              business training
            

            keynote speaking
          

            resources
          

            clients
          

              products
            

              contact
            









































































cart
















0











homeabout robinvirtual trainingsbusiness trainingkeynote speakingresourcesclientsproductscontact


















scroll








change starts here











what do you want for yourself, your organization, and your relationships? is your team moving in the direction you had hoped? do you feel stressed? do you feel your relationships with loved ones and co-workers are strained?using the latest understanding in high functioning brain states, robin teaches individuals, groups, and organizations empowering insights to help them shift direction. imagine acquiring the skills to help you and those around you perform optimally in the heat of the moment without holding onto stress. or understand, work with, and move through change and conflict only to become stronger in the process.learn how to heal yourself and your relationships by retraining your brain. you deserve to be your best you! robin has individual workshops as well as sessions for businesses to take you and your teams to the next level.
















































about robinrobin delivers information, training and tools that help you understand how your brain works, how to think clearly, and how to communicate effectively.robin teaches practical skills you can use immediately. learn how to stay calm, professional and effective – especially in high stress, high pressure situations.read more about robin→








home 2



home3



new gallery



home4











    watch robin in action
  
















    read robin's latest staywell!
  





2745 105th ave ne
salem, or 97317
503-873-3649
robin@robinrose.com


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am- 5pm
wed 8am- 5pm
thu 8am- 5pm
fri 8am- 5pm












