









home | overcoming sexual abuse

























































overcoming sexual abuse

healing childhood sexual abuse | incest





home
about
start here
podcast
articles

boundaries
incest
family rejection
steps toward healing
sharing hope
for parents


resources
contact
 







 






 

i get it. healing from sexual abuse can be intimidating, painful and lonely. don’t let that stop you.
this site is full of insights, encouragement, and inspiration to help you heal. get access to free healing ebooks and guides and check out the 100+ articles written by fellow survivors traveling the healing path.





latest podcasts and articles 



 

being there for yourself

growing up in abuse and neglect likely means nobody was there for you. you learn to abandon yourself the way that you were abandoned. if you’re there for everyone else while you still feel alone, i share how you can learn to be there for yourself so you can guarantee you’ll never be neglected again.





 

overcoming your fear of conflict

in a dysfunctional family, rupture and repair, disconnection and reconnection isn’t modeled to you.  conflict is threatening so you  betray yourself and work to keep the peace so you can avoid being abandoned. i share from my own life how i’ve overcome this and give you the specific steps for not only engaging in healthy conflict but using it for deeper connection.  





 

controlled by people’s expectations

when you’re raised in abuse and neglect, you become very aware of other people’s feelings and needs to keep yourself safer and to get your needs met. you’re sensitive to disappointing people or losing their approval or acceptance and that can lead to exhausting yourself trying to meet their expectations.  i’ll share the powerful keys for working through that so you’re in control of your own life and can finally care for yourself. 





 

learned helplessness & taking back your life

childhood is supposed to prepare you to be an empowered adult but childhood abuse leaves you feeling not only powerless and helpless as a child but throughout your life. the learned helplessness can impact everything from the relationships you settle for to the risks you’re unwilling to take. i’ll share the indications you’re still in learned helplessness and how to own your power and take back control of your life.








 







 
“her book explains confusing emotions in a clear and concise way that would normally take years of painful and slow therapeutic work to unravel. her steps are like a brightly lit path out of darkness untangling confusing emotions while leading you quickly through to self discovery and healing.”
“… savoring every bit of it as it reveals more and more of the feelings i’ve had for a long time…the questions at the end of the chapters help me to put into words the feelings i’ve never been able to share with anyone.” 
“this is an excellent book and workbook…difficult concepts related to healing were clearly explained. the topics and questions are comprehensive and relevant…as someone who now works with others who have been abused i use this book to assist in their healing.”

 









copyright © 2025 overcoming sexual abuse | all rights reserved
privacy policy | terms of service 























