


martial arts mechanicsburg, pa - iaido, jujutsu, judo, shodo - itten dojo






































                (717) 766-8871
            






























the dojo


iaido


jujutsu


judo


shodo


schedule


location


beginners


women


instructors


membership


fees/costs


store


contact us









            an interior view of itten dojo.        




            suino sensei instructing during a visit to our dojo.        




            jujutsu is a great art for teenagers as well as adults.        




            iaido is a great art for women as well as men.        




            shodo, the art of japanese calligraphy, is also a form of meditation.        




            visiting jmac black-belts stage a vigorous demonstration of judo.        




            an iaido students displays focus and intent.        




            an itten dojo student receives a well-earned promotion.        




            shodo classes are taught by a master calligrapher.        




            iaido students training on a nice day with our overhead door open.        




            nihon jujutsu is a modern approach to training based on older methods.        




            iaido includes combative exercises known as kumitachi.        




            nihon jujutsu includes kata as well as free-sparring.        




            reishiki, or ceremonial etiquette, is an important component of budo        




            wolfe sensei is the dojocho.        




            teenagers benefit greatly from training in budo.        







beginners


women


instructors


membership


fees/costs


store







welcome to itten dojopersonalized instruction in traditional japanese martial arts since 1992.the positive, challenging, and uplifting environment at itten dojo will provide support, encouragement, and a proven path to greater capabilities...not to mention an incredible amount of fun. itten dojo is closely affiliated with the japanese martial arts center.take your first step today!learn more




reasons to choose itten dojo





            questions?
        

            just ask!
        


















more about
                    iaido
                







more about
                    nihon jujutsu
                







more about
                    judo
                







more about
                    shodo
                





reviews
hear what our members and friends have to say!


hooked from the start

                i was hooked from the very start. the training is challenging, the expectations are high, and the standards are exacting. and, the instruction is exceptional, encouragement is ever-present, and the camaraderie is rewarding.            

                dr. shalom s.            


the traditional spirit at itten dojo

                many of the japanese martial arts you encounter in this country have been commercialized to the point where their deeper values and benefits are lost in the shuffle of capturing and retaining more and more students. facilities dedicated to the serious study of the japanese martial arts are rare indeed! itten dojo is one of these few. the spirit of the dojo shines through, in its correct appointments—spare, clean, elegant—and safe, ordered training space. this is an environment suitable for the “spiritual forging” that the best practice of the japanese martial arts entails.            

                diane s.            



see more reviews



news & events
what’s happening at itten dojo





                        saturday, november 09, 2024                    

                        10:45am-11:45am                    



                        first shodo class in november                    

                        training with rie bailey sensei                    









                        november 15-17, 2024                    

                        event begins at 6:00pm                    



                        iaido and jujutsu seminar                    

                        with suino sensei and jmac assistant instructors                    


                    download flyer
                








                        saturday, november 23, 2024                    

                        10:45am-11:45am                    



                        second shodo class in november                    

                        training with rie bailey sensei                    







            see all
        







            find our dojo
        


                want to watch a class? itten dojo is easy to find, and we reserved a parking space for you.
            


            location
        






            sword and spirit
        


                the journal of itten dojo
                (current and back issues)
            


            sword and spirit
        






            class schedule
        


                thinking about trying it out?
                your first step is to stop in and get to know us.
            


            schedule
        






            learn more
        


                life hacks, history, techniques, and philosophy from traditional budo.
            


            articles and essays
        







            keep in touch
        



            sign up for our newsletter so that you'll never miss out on updates and events!
        













                        701 west simpson street, suite c  mechanicsburg, pa 17055-3716
                    


info@ittendojo.org























(717) 766-8871



serving south central pennsylvania
itten dojo members come to practice from throughout south central pennsylvania, from such areas as: 















                                                mechanicsburg                                            

  |
                                


                                                harrisburg                                      |
                                


                                                dauphin                                      |
                                


                                                duncannon                                      |
                                


                                                camp hill                                      |
                                


                                                carlisle                                      |
                                


                                                dover                                      |
                                


                                                dillsburg                                      |
                                


                                                york                                      |
                                


                                                hershey                                      |
                                


                                                lingelstown                                      |
                                


                                                lemoyne                                      |
                                


                                                new cumberland                                      |
                            




site map
directions
web hosting by network services group, llc
website design by michigan seo group




