






csro/asro – canada's voice of the cure















































































 










skip to content













canada's voice of the cure for spinal cord injuries













facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 
















 

















donate

















 about us

who we are
csro guiding principles
asro and nascic
csro legacy society
our partners


resources

nascic sci research advocacy course
scitrials.org
research pathways
the journey to a cure video series
education
advocacy
research


csro events

17th annual p.i. law charity hockey challenge
31st annual spinal tap charity bonspiel
charity golf tournament – formerly mto reconnection
mto psa series
paving the way for a cure
fuelservice
shoot for a cure


latest news
contact us
 













 










 











 
csro genericfuelservice - helping disabled drivers refuel their cars - google chrome 2020-09-02 7_45_29 pm (2)nascic sliderscitrials.org slider 













 
csro genericnascic genericscitrials.org sliderfuelservice - helping disabled drivers refuel their cars - google chrome 2020-09-02 7_45_29 pm (2)journey to a curejourney to a curea video series for the sci community 






















































what are the canadian/american spinal research organizations? 



for 40 years the csro/asro has worked tirelessly to raise funds for spinal cord injury research.  to date, we have raised over 30 million dollars. 













 




							cure advocacy for spinal cord injuries						


						we envision a world without spinal cord injuries, and we know that research is our greatest hope.					









 




							education, advocacy, and resources						


						by educating the community about upcoming opportunities for advocacy, the latest in research, and how we can make a difference in research for sci we are making change happen.					









 




							events						


						our events fuel our efforts to influence the direction of spinal cord injury research in the years to come, by attending or supporting through a donation, you too can help us make a difference and save lives.					

















about the csro

the csro is dedicated to the funding of targeted research to maximize functional recovery and cure paralysis caused by spinal cord injury. we envision a world without paralysis caused by spinal cord injury.
through our many fundraising initiatives, and strategic partnerships the csro/asro has raised nearly 30 million dollars for spinal cure research since 1984. our corporate and community partners help us to fulfill our mandate of improving of the physical quality of life for persons with a spinal cord injury and those with related neurological deficits, through targeted medical and scientific research and the reduction of spinal cord injuries through our prevention and awareness programs.





















latest news: 














campaigns & events: 



which one will you support? 



paving the way for a curemotor vehicle crashes cause 43% of all spinal cord injuries.  
it's time to bring together the stakeholders who can move the needle on sci, and keep our life-saving research going. 



shoot for a curea joint initiative between the csro and stopconcussions, shoot for a cure is a campaign that raises funds for neurotrauma research - that includes brain and spinal cord injuries. 



fuelservicemotor vehicle crashes cause 43% of all spinal cord injuries.  
it's time to bring together the stakeholders who can move the needle on sci, and keep our life-saving research going. 



eventsour community events are a source of immense support for our organization - from the volunteers and many participants in our golf, hockey, and curling tournaments we love bringing our community closer at every opportunity. 











our partners 



we are so thankful for the support of our amazing corporate and organizational supporters. 





























for a complete list of our partners click here. 
















donate today 



power the movement, help cure paralysis 







learn more 









contact us







nascic







join our mailing list











contact 



csro 







 
call: (905) 508 4000




 
9225 leslie st. unit #228richmond hill, ontariol4b 3h6




 
info@csro.com














asro 






 
call: (905) 508-4000



 
50 fountain plaza, suite 1400  buffalo, new york 14202



 
info@csro.com














all rights reserved by the canadian/american spinal research organization 



charitable registration # 11915 9515 rr0001/usa ein 35-1981439 










facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



youtube
 














 

 
 


			sign in		

				new account			
 

















remember me                        




 




				log in			














forgot your password?

 
 




































 



						create account					










 



 
 


lost your password? please enter your email address. you will receive mail with link to set new password.






 






				reset password			




back to login
 
 



 
 








			close		



		close
	





accessibility by wah







17th annual p.i. law charity hockey challenge
31st annual spinal tap charity bonspiel
about us
advocacy
advocacy toolkit
asro and nascic
bingo & gaming
bio-mechanics
blog
campaigns & events

fuelservice


car wash for a cure
charity golf tournament – formerly mto reconnection
contacts
create change
csro events
csro guiding principles
csro home
csro legacy society
donate

checkout
donate – us


donate a photo
donation
donation for csro
education
events calendar
family & friends
home
join us

registration


medical & wellness community
meet our partners
member login

password reset
profile


mto psa series 2021
mto reconnection golf tournament
nascic
nascic sci research advocacy course
neuro-plasticity
neuro-protection
neuro-regeneration
neuro-replacement
newsletter signup
our partners
paving the way for a cure
pod
r5k+ 2024
read our stories
research
research news
research pathways
sci survivors
scitrials.org
services
shoot for a cure
single service
the journey to a cure video series

the journey to a cure video series


u2fp podcasts
user guides
voices of the cure
your resources

spinal cord injury trials vocabulary – acronym chart





   





















































