



welcome















			title
		













 














 
                        















 




                             
























division of human resources - corporate systems 


						2/17/2025 4:11:02 pm
					





welcome 
















home
sign in
help
job search tips
contact support









map forschool directory



















excessed staff selection system







welcome to new york city public schools (nycps) online excessed staff selection system. the open market transfer period has ended for the 2024-2025 school year.   this site is now only for use by current uft excessed staff. if you are in excess, please read below for critical information about communications about your first rotational assignment and tips for your ongoing job search.important steps for uft excessed staff - action required enter/update contact information in esss: it is essential for employees placed in excess to immediately update their contact information in the excessed staff support system (esss).   esss is the primary portal for obtaining information regarding positions, job search support, and instructions about what school location to report. information on where to report on the 1st day of school:  assignment locations will be finalized in late august and will be viewable via the “my current status” link.   atrs will not report to the school they reported to in june. therefore, all excessed teachers/employees must check to confirm reporting locations for school opening. the excessed staff selection system is for use by staff in all regularly appointed uft titles who are in excess, including teachers, guidance counselors, school secretaries, lab specialists,   school psychologists, speech improvement, school social workers, attendance teachers, and uft paraprofessionals.  click here to view eligible titles.this tool is a transfer system for individuals who are looking for a position under the same title, license or level. if you are looking for a position under a different title, license or level this change can not be processed as esss transfer. please access the appropriate form here for title and license changes.please proceed to the  sign in page in order to enter the excess staff selection system. if you need assistance, please contact hr connect at 718-935-4000 monday through friday, between the hours of 9 am to 5 pm.

















  © 2025 new york city public schools



privacy policy and terms of use  









