


  











specialty dentist | oral and maxillofacial surgery associates of wny














    skip to main content





                    about us    meet our doctors  insurance and finance options    services    services overview  bone grafting  dental implants  exposure of impacted teeth  facial trauma  impacted canines  jaw surgery  oral pathology  wisdom teeth    resources    patient information  first visit  referring doctors  surgical instructions    locations    depew  olean  west seneca   
             


search






      request an appointment        
 

        oral and maxillofacial surgery associates   of western new york    


select a location


  request an appointment       request an appointment                   
      why you should see a board certified oral and maxillofacial surgeon   an oral and maxillofacial surgeon is a graduate of an accredited dental school and has also completed a minimum of 4 years of training in an accredited hospital-based oral and maxillofacial surgery residency program. as a result of this extensive hospital-based training, our surgeons are well prepared to identify and diagnose within the scope of their specialty and administer sedation as appropriate, from local anesthesia to conscious iv sedation. their hospital-based training gives them experience in airway management, endotracheal intubation, maintaining intravenous lines and the expert management of any complication and / or unexpected emergency that may occur during the sedation process.
board certification elevates our surgeons to the highest standard of care for their patients through a certification process that consists of testing their knowledge, experience and skills. board certification through the american board of oral and maxillofacial surgery shows a commitment by the surgeon to provide the highest quality surgical care throughout every modality of oral and maxillofacial surgery.      
                        dentists in western new york   our referral base consists of over 400 doctors across new york state, including erie county, genesse county, alleghany county, chautauqua county, cattaraugus county, steuben county, wyoming county, livingston county, monroe county and orleans county. we also provide services to patients residing north pennsylvania including the counties of erie, mckean, potter and tioga.   learn why they refer us                    
                        financial policy & insurance information   for your convenience, we accept cash, check, visa, master card, discover, hsa and care credit. we deliver the finest care at the most reasonable cost to our patients, therefore payment is due at the time service is rendered unless other arrangements have been made in advance. if you have questions regarding your account, please contact us. many times, a simple telephone call will clear any questions prior to treatment.   see more details                    
                        pre-surgery & aftercare instructions   we have put together an expansive array of pre- and post-care tips and techniques for your reference. from what to expect before dental anesthesia to how to care for extraction sites, these documents guide you every step of the way. of course, we are never more than a phone call away to answer all of your specific questions.   access more information                    
   what our patients say              dr au and julie did a wonderful job with my son, he was very nervous and scared. he came through great and had no issues after procedure. thank you for taking great care of him!  patient of oral and maxillofacial surgery associates of wny, google reviews  
 
      my 87 year old mom needed an emergency extraction. dr. au and stephanie were kind, caring and very informative. we were exceptionally pleased and would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone.
   patient of oral and maxillofacial surgery associates of wny, google reviews  
 
    
  
     
          











search radius


      units: miles
    


your location


      address, city, zip-code, country, ...
    


geocodes origin from free text input, with autocomplete option.








     reset search   



     


  
   ready for a consultation? select a location and click on the link below.                                   


select a location


 request an appointment        



                      services about us locations payment options
   copyright © 2022. all rights reserved.  privacy policy notice of nondiscrimination     











