







captain whidbey hotel & restaurant on whidbey island













































































































cart
















0
















        book now
      

              hotel rooms & cabins
            

              restaurant
            

            shop
          

              the island & the hotel
            

            getting here
          

              events
            

              photo tour
            

              happenings
            

              offers
            






























































cart
















0











book nowhotel rooms & cabinsrestaurantshopthe island & the hotelgetting hereeventsphoto tourhappeningsoffers







historic waterfront hotel, restaurant and cabins











scroll






  









 

inn nestled among old growth firs on the shores of whidbey island

 









since 1907, captain whidbey has been a locus of natural beauty, community gathering and quiet, exalted delight. a place where locals and visitors do things together — even if those things are simply eating, drinking, appreciating nature, looking out across the water, feeling alive, feeling grateful. captain whidbey is the unofficial official lodge of ebey’s landing national historic reserve. the gateway to beautiful and rugged wild, captain whidbey fosters a sense of romance, a longing for adventure and a communion with the natural world.




    check out stay offers
  







































 


 




  

rooms in the 1907 historic lodge, modern lagoon rooms, and updated cabins are available.




    book now
  

  







 

“stepping into the captain whidbey does feel like entering another (highly curated) era, a return to the slower days of summer camp.”–vogue

  

the presence of the inn itself demands this kind of myth-making. its hulking imperfections, hidden staircases and infinite doorways, narrow pathways and intricate stonework, call to mind an honest, handmade world, where times were slower and things made to last. rumors of its past are worn proudly on its proverbial sleeve — stripped wood where there once was a second floor balcony, prominently displayed plaques of historic register, mismatched sediments of historic photos, the speckled outline of a dart board and creaking floorboards. the front door was originally the back door because most guests arrived by boat. 



it was a boarding house, private residence, post office, general store and girl’s school. there were dances and orchestras and charles dickens dinners. “whid-isle inn,” judge still’s creative and euphonious name for the inn he envisioned, designed and built, was changed in the 1960s to “the captain whidbey inn.” in all this, there is comfort. nostalgia for a time gone, and proof that it still exists.

  




 

experience one of our cabinscollaborations with filson, glasswing, we the nomads and edit whidbey




    check them out
  

 


















































































































       







 

  join the captains list


  keep up to date on all things captain whidbey




 

subscribe



 









 






hero



intro



carousel images



january promo



inn



cabins now open



new gallery



patio



captain's list










contact usjoin our teamfaqslost & foundprivacy policy



2072 captain whidbey inn roadcoupeville, wa 98239(360) 678-4097

















book a roombook a tableevent inquiriespress inquiriespress & collaborators





captain whidbey hotel and restaurant
2072 captain whidbey inn road,
coupeville, wa 98239,
usa
(360) 678-4097
info@captainwhidbey.com


hours




 









