





hudson county developmental disability home | hudson milestones































































about us

employment opportunities


our work & services

residential services
day habilitation


news
gallery
contact

directions


glossary
faqs
donate
 









hudson milestones
serving people with intellectual/developmental disabilities throughout their lifetimes.
 







hudson milestones

hudson milestones seeks to build and maintain hudson county based organization dedicated to care, support and advancement of people with intellectual/developmental disabilities and their families towards achieving, to maximum extent possible, the individuals life goals and establishing self-sufficiency in community.
fake rolex
relojes replica
repliquemontre.co
www.topwatchesol.com
franck muller replica
www.vapestoresshop.com











day habilitation the activities as age-appropriate, offering variety and choice. they will emphasize community experience, focus on small groups, individual interactions and experiences.













residential services the department of residential services of hudson milestones encompasses eleven programs which of serves 50 adults with intellectual/developmental disabilities.













quality assurance the department of quality assurance was established in january 1, 2016. the mission of department is improves management performance level, accountability, data reporting, employee training, risk management, management effectiveness and efficiency of departments make the agency.













finance & operations the department of finance & operations (dfo) provides support services other departments and to employees through human resources. it handles all financial responsibilities and ensures hudson milestones 15 properties and nearly 40 vehicles are maintained.



















upcoming events
see what's coming up! 
read more 













our work & services

read more 




we need your support!

hudson milestones is not-for-profit corporation, which depends on fundraising and donations to enhance the quality life of clients.
donate now









looking for information?


email or call us today for more information on our services.
 hudson.milestones@hudsonmilestones.org
 201-434-7783



about us
our work & services
events
gallery
contact
faqs
 


copyright © 2025. hudson milestonesnonprofit website developed by smartsites




top






about usâ–¼employment opportunitiesour work & servicesâ–¼children & family servicesresidential servicesday habilitationeventsgallerycontactâ–¼directionsfaqsnewsdonations  















