






kavod v'nichum | honoring death in life
















































about

our approach
team
our partners
in the news
research


resources

chevra kadisha directory
planning ahead
visiting the sick
chevra kadisha
shmirah & taharah
funeral & burial
grief & mourning
recommended reading
resource library


education

events & classes
olam chesed chevra kadisha builders
chevra kadisha training
conference
gamliel institute


get involved

become a member
careers
ways to give


contact
donate
 





select page


  
 



 



 










honoringdeath in life

jewish end-of-life rituals and practices







our mission
kavod v’nichum empowers, educates, and trains chevra kadisha – sacred communities that come together at the end of life to care for the deceased and comfort the living through jewish rituals and traditions.











about
kavod v’nichum (כבוד וניחום) is hebrew for “honor and comfort.” founded in 2000, kavod v’nichum is a jewish nonprofit dedicated to empowering, educating, and training chevra kadisha across the united states and canada. 
we serve communities and individuals through a focus on the chevra kadisha – sacred communities that come together at the end of life to care for the deceased and comfort the living through jewish rituals and traditions.

learn more









resources
guides and articles about important topics from illness, death, grief and loss, spirituality, and more. 

learn more





education
comprehensive learning for chevra kadisha members and a wide variety of classes for individuals. 

learn more





training
robust training and curated learning for chevrot kadisha and organizations. 

learn more







kavod v’nichum envisions a world in which chevra kadisha is a vibrant part of every jewish community, deepening the connections to the rituals and practices of jewish end-of-life.

when chevra kadisha is woven into the fabric of the jewish community, there is a richer understanding of death and dying, and meaningful opportunities to comfort, support, and honor one another.

donate today







learn more aboutkavod v’nichum
 
contact us.









name


email address


phone number


message






8 + 9 = 


submit









sign up for our newsletter






thank you for subscribing! exciting updates are on their way.



first name



last name



email





subscribe












 

 











search for:










quick links
become a memberfaqsdonate

followfollowfollow



education
olam chesedchevra kadisha trainingevents & classes



hello@kavodvnichum.orgp.o. box 1206maplewood, nj 07040© kavod v’nichum 2024
privacy policy
 



 











subscribe to our newsletterjoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from kavod v'nichum. 






















subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!



















