





ontario brain injury association (obia) | education, awareness, & support








ontario brain injury association (obia) | education, awareness, & support

















































 helpline: 1-800-263-5404  |  calls are open mon - fri from 9:30am to 4pm est			

 











menu

about

about obia
reports, statements & plans
board of directors
staff directory
land acknowledgement
diversity, equity and inclusion
privacy policy
obia news


abi training

brock university certificate training programs
obia brain basics e-learning
brain basics in person training program


support

helpline
online support groups
peer support program
support services in north eastern ontario
return to work project

rtw program – employer
rtw program – employee


local brain injury associations


resources

brain injury information

concussion faqs
concussion resources for children
ehk – pediatric resource
concussion resources for adults
intimate partner violence
educating educators about abi
statistical information on acquired brain injury
learning needs of children with disabilities during covid-19


obia review magazine
the voice newsletter
finding a qualified trauma lawyer
scholarships & funds
obia webinars
multimedia podcasts
directory of abi services
caregiving after brain injury


get involved

donate
brain injury impact study
brain injury speaks
membership
unmasking brain injury
drive only…. never text (d.o.n.t)
compassionate justice fund
corporate champions program
sponsorship
share your story in the obia review magazine
employment opportunities
volunteer


events

upcoming events
provincial abi conference
brain injury awareness month
mix & mingle
awards of excellence


contact

donate
 




helpline: 1.800.263.5404
calls are open monday – friday
 from 9:30am to 4:00pm est
learn more
obia brain basics 
e-learning has a fresh new look!
providing frontline health care workers, caregivers & others with an opportunity to learn an understandable introduction to the world of brain injury.
 
exclusively sponsored by:

learn more
thank you to our diamond corporate champion!

synoptic is one of the country’s leading providers of medical assessments for employers, insurers and the legal community. 
visit synoptic
thank you to our diamond corporate champion!

iscope is unique as they serve concussion patients all over the province through ohip. 
visit iscope
thank you to our gold corporate champion!

their focus is to connect you to highly trained rehabilitation therapists, personal support workers, and behaviour therapists that will help you mentally cope and physically navigate along your recovery journey.
visit wright rehab
 








welcome to the ontario brain injury association (obia) website.
we are a provincial, registered, charitable organization. our mission is to enhance the lives of ontarians living with the effects of acquired brain injury (abi) through education, awareness and support.
obia’s services include:
   information and resources on acquired brain injury
   helpline: 1-800-263-5404 
   personal advocacy and support
   training and education for professionals and families
   online support groups
   peer support
   research




learn more about obia





 educationabi training
obia offers university certificate and e-learning training programs that provide knowledge, techniques, strategies and interventions to equip those working in the field of brain injury 
read more awarenessbrain injury information
obia is making the “invisible” visible by increasing understanding of brain injury and reducing the stigma associated with having a brain injury 
read more supporthelpline
1-800-263-5404
there is hope, there is help! whether you have sustained a mild traumatic brain injury (concussion), moderate to severe brain injury, you are not alone, we are here to help! obia helpline provides confidential, emotional support for anyone who needs a caring, compassionate and non-judgmental listening ear.
read more concussionwhat is it?
a concussion is a brain injury that can be caused by a blow to the head, a fall, motor vehicle collision, sports or being struck by an object. symptoms can appear immediately or, in some cases, days following the injury.
read more





news & events


 brain injury awareness flag contest
this initiative aims to provide a unifying symbol for the brain injury community & foster…
read more


 giving tuesday
this #givingtuesday help obia keep making a difference. your generosity and support helps us continue…
read more


 purple thursday
obia is raising awareness about intimate partner violence and brain injury. …
read more


view all articles


obia review

the obia review is obia’s high quality digital magazine filled with the thoughts and opinions of ontario’s leading health managers, academics and clinicians. the obia review has four issues per year and caters to an extensive healthcare readership – including our own membership network as well as private and non-profit health services, consumers and vendors in all parts of the province. the obia review is full of interesting and varied content. it keeps you up to date on the latest developments and advances in brain injury research, rehabilitation and legislation.
read the latest issue






our sponsors




diamond corporate sponsor
visit website
 

diamond corporate sponsor
visit website

gold corporate champion
visit website

bronze corporate champion
visit website

on behalf of the andrée rhéaume and robert fitzhenry family foundation
funding for the 
north eastern ontario advocacy program
 







sign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.


email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  


























quick links

home
about
abi training
resources
support


get involved
events
contact
donate
admin login

obia services are available in english unless otherwise specified.







©  ontario brain injury association  | privacy policy  | website disclaimer |  website by 180 marketing


obia's canadian charitable organization reg # 10779 7904rr0001




x
search




next




























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










