


long life co2 laser tubes that are manufactured in the united 
states.  















 




parallax technology, inc.


last updated feb. 4, 2025






our long life, dependable sealed 
co2 laser 
tubes that are designed and manufactured in the united states with 100% 
made in usa components.

how long is long life ? 

four (4) years warranty on output 
power on all parallax designed and built plx-a model co2 laser 
tubes. 

three (3) years  warranty on output 
power on all parallax designed and built plx-b and plx-c model co2 
laser 
tubes.



we design, manufacture, sell, service and 
distribute worldwide, dc excited sealed co2 laser tubes.


we manufacture our laser tubes with
hard seal glass to 
metal ( kovar to pyrex) technology.


we make them here in the u.s. one-at-a-time to our standard physical and optical design. 





for gas refill and laser tube services, go directly to:

 1- 
deka smart us-20d dental co2 laser gas refill 

   - also available pre-owned deka 20d tubes, ready to go with 1 yr power warranty.


 2- 
deka smartxide dot 30 watt and deka 50 watt co2 laser gas refill 

   - also available pre-owned deka smartxide dot 30w tubes, ready to go with 1 yr power warranty.


 3- 
lumenis (sharplan) 40c, 30c,  20c tubes and accupulse duo  but not ultrapulse duo which is rf.
   - you may want to read  sharplan tube removal instructions for 'c' tubes. 
    also available preowned, serviced and ready to go  40c, 30c,  20c tubes with 1 yr power warranty.  



4- also services and gas refill for many other dc laser tubes such as ssi / lei tubes, esc derma k tube and others. 
 5- 
laser tube services other than gas refill. 

 6- 
electronic coolants for your lasers 
    (remember to check your coolant level) 
 7- 
surplus laser tubes, kovar, electronics, optics, vacuum products and other.
 8- 
no synrad, no coherent, no universal laser and no other rf excited co2 lasers serviced here. only dc excited glass tubes.
   dc=direct current excited.     rf=radio frequency excited, ceramic or metal tubes. 









gas refill offered for medical and industrial glass co2 laser tubes.  systems from:





deka smartxide dot ( 30 w and 50 w) for dot therapy - 
and deka 20d for dental.







cynosure affirm and cynosure smart skin,

lumenis acupulse 40wg co2 with fiberlase,

nidek unipulse col-1040, 

jens multistar from asclepion laser technologies germany,

lutronic mosaic co2 (not the eco2),

alma co2 laser,

ssi and lei (formerly laser engineering inc) ultra md co2 surgical lasers 
and their older jm and md models. 


also co2 tubes from systems like;
lumenis sharplan 40c,  sharplan 30c and 20c,  sharplan 1020 and 1030,
laserscope illumina and paragon 50 watt and 70 watt,
surgilase b and c tubes and a few others.



please visit our tube services page for complete list and details.


please see this page for laser tubes that we do not service and why, such as rf tubes and made in china tubes. 




in the following pages you will find specifications for 
some of our standard laser tubes and our dc co2 
laser tube services.  you 
can also check 
our surplus laser tubes offered at 
reduced prices.



if you can not find the 
answers to your questions in these 
pages, 
please
contact us.




20 watt to 110 watt industrial co2 laser 
tubes 
. 
here you will 
find prices and specifications for some 'plx model' laser 
tubes. 


complete service and gas refill -- 
medical 
and 
industrial.
you will find prices for service of both medical and industrial 
laser tubes in this 
section.  
we also stock and sell 3m fluorinert coolants fc-770) and 
fc-40 
electronic coolants as 
a 
service to our biotech customers for refill of their sharplan and deka 
smartxide medical laser systems.


complete, turn-key laser systems designed for 
out-of-the-box table-top applications.  
these scientific models (designated by 's') have excellent 
 
power stability and include key switch, 
warning lights, cover interlock and coolant safety interlocks.



here you will find our 
complete list of services and direct replacement tubes for medical 
systems. 

sealed co2 gain cells with 
or without brewster windows and
other specialized tubes and isotopic co2 gas 
cells 
made to 
customer 
specifications.


and


a list of co2 laser tube repair 
services we do not do !


 

also see : 

fc-770 , fc-40 
electronic coolants for laser tubes 




pre owned and surplus laser tubes,


surplus vacuum components and pumps,

surplus electronic equipment and high voltage parts. 
 note: 50% discount for accredited colleges, universities 
and non-profit institutions of higher learning.   see rules here.

surplus optical equipment and components.  note: 50% discount for accredited colleges, universities and 
non-profit institutions of higher learning.  see rules here.

 kovar tubing in small pieces.







    
     table of contents:




industrial applications;

parallax oem industrial co2 
laser tubes, made in usa.
parallax turn-key laser 
systems, specifications and prices
replacement industrial tubes for other 
manufacturers'-- spectron, 
surgilase, ... 
parallax plug-and-play, us made laser 
systems made to order.

facts you need to know about low cost imported co2 laser 
tubes 





medical / replacement 

replacement tubes for medical
laser systems including prices



refill and other services and prices

refill services and prices
laser tube mirror replacement and other 
services and prices 



international shipments to 
parallax
international prices
payment terms, shipping and
insurance
warranty information
high voltage 'ballast less' power
supplies for parallax laser tubes
about parallax 
technology
pictures of co2 lasers and carbon
dioxide laser tubes
surplus vacuum, electronic, 
optical
equipment, kovar tubing and telescopic boxes for sale
pre owned and surplus laser tubes for 
sale
frequently asked questions










about the company :



for our address, telephone and e-mail please see contact us


parallax technology manufactures and
markets dc-excited, sealed co2 laser tubes from 20 to 120
watts for use in industrial and medical applications. (dc excited means direct current excited as opposed to rf / radio frequency excited)
the company also provides expert
refill (re gas) and optics replacement for all dc excited co2 laser tubes 
made by
all aesthetic device manufacturers like deka,  
sharplan / lumenis, ssi, alma and other co2 medical systems with dc co2 
tubes. 
we design and 
manufacture industrial laser tubes in oem quantities, 
design and
manufacture turn-key scientific lasers for research applications, co2 cells with a/r 
coated windows or with znse brewster windows for intracavity 
work and also gain-cells for special
applications such as 'line selection' and 'injection locking' inside a tea co2 
laser cavity.


table of contents
laser systems, specs & prices |
laser tube prices | re-gas prices | repairs | oem tubes
| international prices | power supplies | company | pictures of lasers| misc. surplus equipment | frequently asked questions
contact us


©parallax
technology, inc.







