





tabernacle united church –  philadelphia progressive presbyterian ucc





























 









skip to the content






 
search



tabernacle united church -  philadelphia progressive presbyterian ucc




 
menu






about us

pandemic protocols
beliefs
meet the staff
community partners
history


resources

sermons
the sacred earth handbook


news

blog
subscribe to news
calendar


contribute






 search












			search for:		






					close search				
 









close menu
 


about us
resources
news
contribute






email
facebook
instagram










a christian community. seeking justice. united in love.









tab vision of how we grow together

tabernacle united church is a healing, spiritual faith community nourished by the deep and diverse roots of christian theology.

we gather to worship, pray, study, sing and heal together.we are blossoming into our calling to be a sanctuary space for those who need it.we commit to grow in our work for bipoc and lgbtqia2sp+ liberation, hospitality for all and creation justice, in the firm belief that another world is possible.we rely on our creator god, the liberating way of jesus christ, and the power of the holy spirit (water, light and air) to direct and sustain this work.we ask our extended community (all living things) to hold us accountable to this calling.


new to tab? check out our welcome video!

sunday worship 2/16february 14, 2025please join us for praise and prayer in christian community at 10 am eastern in person or on zoom. pastor katie will preach “like a tree” from psalm 1. you can contact us any time before 9 am sunday if you need the zoom link.













email
facebook
instagram






affirmation we are a congregation that seeks to extend the love and acceptance god offers each of us to the community around us. empowered by the liberating ministry of jesus christ, we believe in centering the prophetic voices of marginalized communities. we are an eclectic congregation led by queer and transgender staff and welcome all people, including those who have been excluded elsewhere because of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, ability, economic status, marital status, housing status, age, or faith.

 

find us address
3700 chestnut st. philadelphia, pa 19104 (map)
office hours (215-386-4100 or tabernacleunited@gmail.com)
tuesday & thursday: 10:00am–3:00pm or by appointment.
worship (in person & on zoom)
sunday: 10:00am (pandemic protocols)
community meals (in person)
third saturday of every month: 1:00pm-3:00pm
 

 







©
							2025							tabernacle united church –  philadelphia progressive presbyterian ucc



								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 








