












nature sounds mp3 downloads - nature sounds.ca - best quality nature sounds mp3s, for sleep, relaxation, meditation, ambience.



nature sounds.ca - nature sounds mp3 downloads





nature sounds.cahome


downloadnature sounds


cds ofnature sounds


aboutnature sounds.ca


nature music


relaxation music


meditation music


nature links


support





testimonials
i just love these nature sounds.  they are so relaxing and great for sleeping.
maureen

i just want to say that i am really happy with the "sticky crickets sleep" track that i just got. it sounds just like the crickets from my family's farm here in ontario, when we go camping outside. very high-quality and relaxing.
meghan

cricket sounds by far work best to distract me from my tinnitus. traditionally, white noise or white noise type sounds, like waterfalls, rushing streams, rain, wind, etc., are used by tinnitus sufferers for masking or distraction.  i've tried all those sounds.  they not only don't work for me, but they actually make the tinnitus louder, as do computers, fans, air conditioners, refrigerators, and other similar sounds.
gary, virginia, usa

i also want to thank you for your always prompt replies to my questions i've had.  i appreciate it a lot. thank you,
james

your quality of the recordings is great.
mike

very nice recordings, i just bought one, meditation brook.
lars, sweden.









       welcome to the best source of quality, original nature sounds recorded for sleep, relaxation or meditation. i guarantee your 100% satisfaction. these wilderness nature sounds are ideal for masking background noises, creating an ambience, and connecting with your inner peace. these are wilderness sounds, created with 100% pure professionally recorded nature sounds, free from musical instruments, artificial noises, loops, or background hiss/noise. most are designed to fill a cd-r. longer soundscapes are for mp3 players, tablets and phones. 
these nature sounds mp3s are finely encoded (created) with professional software set for maximum quality. this creates a clarity you can hear, and makes these mp3s among the very best available! i live and work in the country full time. this experience, coupled with my decades of musical, audio production, and artistic backgrounds enables me to find and share, these uniquely relaxing and beautiful ambiences. all of these sounds have been selected and recorded for their special musicality.
i am so confident in the quality, that if you are not completely 100% satisfied, you may ask for an exchange or a complete money refund. my policy is 100% satisfaction - no questions asked.
karl hamilton, owner of nature sounds.ca
to preview free or to purchase a sound, click on title below.



best selling nature sounds mp3 downloads

boreal forest birds mp3
spring peepers sleep mp3
rolling thunder mp3
river sounds mp3
sleepy cricket night mp3
sleepy night sounds mp3
white-throated sparrow mp3
t'was a froggie froggie night mp3
evening crickets mp3
beach waves mp3
thunder and rain sounds mp3
whispering waves mp3



new nature sounds mp3 downloads

autumn river mp3
evening crickets mp3
summer night bullfrogs mp3
bullfrogs and loons mp3
white-throated sparrow mp3
rocky shore sounds mp3
spring river sounds mp3
spring water trickle mp3
thunder and rain sounds mp
afternoon rain relaxation mp3
wilderness river mp3
summer creek sounds mp3





mp3 categories of nature sounds
each category has a page where you can preview mp3s for free, read notes, add to your shopping cart, and link to get more information about each mp3 file.

sleep mp3s
meditation mp3 sounds
relaxation mp3 sounds
rain mp3 sounds
crickets and insects mp3 sounds
 
sounds of frogs mp3s
waterfalls mp3 sounds
brooks, creeks and streams mp3s
river mp3 sounds
shore and surf mp3 sounds
 
bird mp3 calls and sounds
thunder mp3 sounds
wind mp3 sounds
background ambiences mp3s
indoor fountain sound suggestions
 
natural white noise mp3s
natural pink noise mp3s

lists of mp3s by length

short length nature sounds mp3s (5 minutes or less)
 
medium length nature sounds mp3s (8 - 20 minutes)
 
cd length nature sounds mp3s
 
extra-long length nature sounds mp3s (120 minutes or more)
 



only on itunes:

 
thunderstorms and rain itunes album
waterfalls itunes album
rivers of relaxation itunes album
healing rivers and birds itunes album
 
 
 






copyright information
© copyright reserved on all song and image files.
if you plan on using these recordings for a purpose other than personal listening on your own equipment, please read the copyright information here.
financial transactions secured by pay pal


financial transactions are secured by pay pal, and downloads are secured by payloadz. link to more information.
       
the nature sounds.ca guarantee
your purchase is protected by the nature sounds.ca 100% satisfaction guarantee and customer policy. link to more information.







page url: http://nature-downloads.naturesounds.ca/
revision date: july 2, 2018. 
™


