







thomas p. vincent attorney















































































































home



areas of practice


about


directions


articles

contact












thomas p. vincent attorney
mr. vincent has provided advice and representation in a wide array of civil and criminal matters for more than 38 years. he has successfully litigated simple and complex issues at all stages of jury and non-jury trials, and through appeal.
how can we help get in contact



















thomas p. vincent, attorney at law, northampton, ma



general litigation in district, probate, and superior courts in massachusetts and federal courts, including u.s. supreme court
civil and criminal at pre-litigation, trial, and post-trial including appeals to the appeals court and the supreme judicial court
conciliation services
general advice and consultation on all matters

attorney vincent's most important goal in all matters is to help clients obtain fair and just results at reasonable cost. most clients are referred by satisfied clients or by other attorneys.
areas of practice

criminal defense in district and superior court for misdemeanors and felonies
plaintiff or defendant representation in contract disputes involving purchase and sale of real estate
plaintiff or defendant representation in claims seeking monetary damages for injuries or loss caused by lack of reasonable care in the use of motor vehicles, control and care of pets, property maintenance, legal or medical services, vehicle maintenance, provision of security systems
residential and commercial construction claims
life insurance contracts
residential and commercial landlord and tenant disputes
consumer protection defense and prosecution
generally, unusual and difficult cases



























legal history and philosophy of law
read all  >>















francis lieber’s code and the law of war


source: lieber’s code and the law of war, by richard shelly hartigan
















excerpts: story of my life clarence darrow


does this description accurately state the human conditioin?
















high crimes and misdemeanors


response to question about high crimes and misdemeanors
















lady justice


qna about origin of lady of justice
















the country justice


passages and quotes relating to justices of the peace in 16th and 17th century england
















holmes - pollock letters


excerpts from letters between oliver wendell holmes, jr. and frederick pollock 1874-1932, from the holmes-pollock letters






























 






quick links

articles
areas of practice
about
directions






resources

the avalon project
legal information institute
law library of congress
law librarians of congress






contact us
hours are by appointment

office: 280 main street, northampton, ma 01060
mailing: 17 new south st. #201, northampton, ma 01060
phone: 1-413-586-7277
email: tvincent@commonlaw.com









© 2025 thomas p. vincent law office
|
software by montague webworks


|


powered by rocketfusion




admin login










edit image

×







close








browse all images

×






close
























