

















    green garden hotel: bali hotel kuta - the best 3-star hotel in kuta bali. 















hotel bali kuta - budget hotels kuta












home


lobby & restaurant


rooms





booking now


terms & conditions


contact


gallery









welcome to green garden hotel


green garden hotel, one of bali’s premier 3-star hotels, offers quality service, great value for money and a prime location. the unique selling point of this hotel is its friendly balinese hospitality. green garden hotel, among the popular family-run hotels in bali, couples comfort with affordability, and truly makes a home away from home.
the location of green garden hotel makes it a preferred haven for leisure travellers. the hotel is located right in central jalan kartika plaza, 200 meters away from south kuta beach. the tranquil ambiance creates a feeling of being far from the hustle & bustle of kuta. though green garden hotel is not located bang in the middle of the town, the shopping precincts and restaurants are situated only a stone’s throw away. a short stroll would take you to the renowned kuta beach with all its famous beach attractions.

renovations





                major renovations have just been completed in september 2024 and the hotel facilities are in line with international safety & comfort requirements for senior travellers. 
            

modern interior in all guest rooms with sound-proof facilities
new balcony with glass frames from floor to ceiling
new elevators to all rooms on upper floors
wifi access in the bedrooms and all public areas





































let’s book direct here





booking now










about green gardens
3-star family-run hotel with central location in kuta's shopping centers, offering restaurant and an intimate day spa with relaxing massages, facials, manicure/pedicure & waxing services.



news update





contact us
hotel – restaurant 
                jl. kartika plaza 
                south kuta beach, bali 
                telp. +62 361 761 023 
                email. info[at]greenbali.com





social media

our sister hotel
















        © 2025 green garden hotel. all rights reserved.
    








