






eureka springs cabin rentals in the arkansas ozarks with hot tubs. pet friendly.















reservations:  479-253-7026 / 866-289-1846
479-253-7026





menu


home
to-do

local happenings

eurekasprings.org calendar
eurekasprings.com calendar
turpentine creek
arkansas.com


weddings
new!! - escape room 13
dining


our cabins

overview
mountain mist - mountain view & whirlpool tub
otter lodge - whirlpool tub & outdoor hot tub
homer's place - king bed & outdoor hot tub
nature's heart - outdoor hot tub & whirlpool tub
cedar splendor - outdoor hot tub & whirlpool tub
ozark majesty - outdoor hot tub with a view
ozark dance - outdoor hot tub & whirlpool tub




reviews
reserve now
contact



















beautiful nature
come enjoy the natural beauty of the ozark mountains




privacy
some of our cabins are nestled away for a quiet getaway




pet friendly
for many of us, dogs are like family. bring the whole family with you




eureka springs cabins
only 6 miles from downtown eureka springs arkansas













welcome to a lazee daze in the ozarks



eureka springs cabins for rent
special occasions deserve special settings. when seeking an intimate setting with all the amenities and comforts you require, imagine getting back to the beauty of nature while staying at a lazee daze in the ozarks log cabin resort. here, your days are as "lazee" or exciting as you would like. located on 63 wooded acres in the beautiful ozark mountains of northwest arkansas, we are just minutes south of eureka springs and of all its area attractions. 
reconnect with nature
our cabin rentals provide a unique country experience, allowing you to completely relax and enjoy your surroundings. unwind in our intimate and romantic honeymoon and anniversary cabins or treat your loved ones to a stay in one of our homey family cabins. even bring your family's furry friend along; a lazee daze in the ozarks is pet friendly for your convenience!

on the outside, our exceptional log cabins are natural and rustic while beautifully finished and furnished on the inside. all cabins are non-smoking and come equipped with complete kitchens, either a whirlpool tub (not official jacuzzi© brand tubs), outdoor hot tub or both, native stone fireplaces, flat panel satellite tv, dvd, stereo and bbq grills. all you need to bring is food and charcoal for the grill and dvd's and cd's for your entertainment.

each cabin has a large covered deck with porch swing and rockers to complete your mountainside escape from the world. feel free to roam our scenic mountain terrain where you can enjoy the abundant wildlife. 
amazing front porch mountain views
our two-story larger cabins feature vaulted ceilings, country decor and two bedrooms with a queen sized bed, and also a sofa-sleeper in the living area. the two story cabins have spectacular views of the ozark mountains and can easily accommodate a family or six guests. both have indoor whirlpool tubs in the upstairs loft bedrooms. 
eureka springs hotels cannot compare
our cozy honeymoon/anniversary cabins are secluded, private and very romantic. they are all beautifully furnished and possess unique, red cedar cabinetry and trim work, queen-sized canopy beds and three cabins feature double heart-shaped whirlpool tubs just for you and your sweetie. they deliver the perfect setting for an intimate interlude. 
outdoor hot tubs
for those of you wanting outdoor hot tubs, all of our cabins, except mountain mist have a hot tub.

when looking for fun and excitement, create memories viewing the scenic local highways. even take a day to explore the nearby rivers and lakes fishing big mouth, striper, bass and crawfish. for the more adventurous, scuba dive for a full underwater experience! when you stay with us, you will be 5.5 miles from a boat launch / swimming hole on beaver lake, and only 18 miles from the beaver dam site park.

studies show there is no better place in the world better for digital detox, than in nature. the stress just melts away. 













two story cabins
best
sunset











romantic cabins
quiet
getaway











420 friendly
more
info







experience our log cabins


all cabins feature
native stone fire place
full kitchen for extended stays
coffee pot, coffee, cream & sugar
either a whirlpool tub and/or
outdoor hot tub
flat screen tv with dvd player
satellite television with premium channels
stereo
weber bar-b-que grill
non-smoking
pet friendly


some cabins feature
both a whirlpool tub & outdoor hot tub
secluded sites
pull-out sleepers




reviews


we absolutely love our cabins, but do not take our word for it. hear what hundreds of our valued guests have to say. 
click here





click here to review us online

 



local tourist information


there are many things to see in the area.

 
click here to visit some of the links of things to do, places to eat, what to see and the history of eureka springs, ar.


please bookmark one our pages:
eureka-springs.net

eurekaspringscabins.info

eureka-springs.info

logcabinresort.com

lazeedazecabins.com

alazeedaze.com

eureka-springs.com








contact us about our log cabins













*if you have questions, use the form above, call us at (479) 253-7026,

or if you want to book online click here.

 




×
contact form


close











5432 highway 23 s, eureka springs, ar 72632 |  479-253-7026 | cabins@logcabinresort.com
© a lazee daze in the ozarks












