


badger blog alliance























    
	badger blog alliance
	
  
sic semper tyrannis







thursday, june 25, 2009



	 
	 there is even a time for endings
	 
    


it is with some sadness that i announce to you all that the time has come to shutter the bba.  in the heady early days of political blogging, this site played a role in making the right side of the political blogosphere self aware.  as blogging and individual bloggers grew, matured, and spread into other new media, the bba has not kept up.  as a result, this particular concept of an umbrella group blog for the right in the state of wisconsin is a concept whose time has come and gone.thank you to everyone who participated here, read our bloggers, and supported this site.  the bba is officially on mothballs.  if another concept arises that can be helped by what's left of the badger blog alliance brand, perhaps something will appear in this space again.as a request from one long time member of the bba, i leave you with freebird.



posted by jib @ 5:57 pm  
    	

 | 







tuesday, june 16, 2009



	 
	 new product in search of a law suit
	 
    


"first 'stab-proof' knife to go on sale in the u.k. "



posted by jane bellwether @ 10:33 am  
    	

 | 







saturday, june 13, 2009



	 
	 do you think he'll get an oj jury?
	 
    


oklahoma trooper martin pulls over an ambulence that's en route because they failed to yeild to him, his partner and the mystery woman in the patrol car.his priority must have been really important for him to stop with the ambulance for more than five minutes and bicker/choke the attending emt (who's not the driver)/etc.:as an emt, i'd like to see officer martin in a more suitable job... say something at white castle, if you know what i mean.i could swear i hear the non-choking officer in the video respond to white's statement that they're transporting a man's mother to the hospital with, "your momma."



posted by jane bellwether @ 1:11 pm  
    	

 | 










	 
	 wedding march
	 
    


cool tribute to the happy couple from mr. & mrs. subject 2 change's wedding:happy one-week anniversary!labels: bba news



posted by jane bellwether @ 8:01 am  
    	

 | 







friday, june 12, 2009




don't forget:whale wars!tonight!! on discovery channel at 9pm ct!



posted by jane bellwether @ 8:05 pm  
    	

 | 










	 
	 feud
	 
    


even the trib's .. steve johnson thinks letterman should apologize.trib readers lean that way too. vote!



posted by jane bellwether @ 7:52 pm  
    	

 | 










	 
	 dead on
	 
    


is it a sign of the apocalypse when now aligns itself with a republican front-runner?even that "women's advocacy group" - among others - took offense at letterman's remarks about palin's "slutty stewardess look" and her daughter (14-year-old willow) getting "knocked up" by a rod during their yankees outing.who wants to sit by letterman on his next flight? i'd keep my seatbelt on, 'cause it might be a bumpy ride.politically, palin made an astute point that one can hope will be taken to heart (or any major organ) by the media:[palin] said there was a double standard where the media treats president barack obama's family as generally off-limits while her family was the target of jokes during last fall's presidential campaign and beyond.honey, that ain't the only double standard working here, but it's true.chelsea clinton? the media called her horsey-faced and left her alone. when does that kid ever hit the radar? the bush twins? who do you think tipped the cops off so often to their bar-hopping antics? the gore kids? crap, i think the press used to buy them coke, hide their joints and alert them when the cops were in the neighborhood.so now we know it's open season for anyone to take shots at republicans and their children.



posted by jane bellwether @ 1:59 pm  
    	

 | 







thursday, june 11, 2009



	 
	 if a tree falls in a forest
	 
    


kevin - they've been trying to blame the storms for this air france crash from day one.i appreciate the "global warming" humor, but if anyone believes it, pardon the pun, it won't fly. the pilot had been monitoring the storms and was/would have been flying fairly high in an attempt to get above them. the velocity theory doesn't work well either, for the same reason:both of these difficulties, had they become critical, would have been reported by the pilot, but no such transmission was received.these theories will stand, however, unless the black box is found, which doesn't look like it'll happen - the proof is in the silence until the black box proves otherwise.best part of not knowing: if terrorists killed themselves and the rest of the air france passengers and crew to draw publicity and support to their cause, they failed miserably.labels: the war on terror



posted by jane bellwether @ 3:30 pm  
    	

 | 











i bet a certain someone wishes his new gm concoction could move at the speed of sound...labels: gm, nanny state, obama



posted by jane bellwether @ 10:54 am  
    	

 | 










	 
	 cage fight smack
	 
    


as you know, i'm a big fan of mma - it's a hundred times more exciting than boxing, or any other sport for that matter.of course i watched mike brown vs urijah faber 2 on sunday - great fight! mike brown's great, but i root for urijah faber, who lost the brown v faber 1 fight after a wicked elbow strike left his jaw open for the first time; brown caught him hard.here's why my man lost bvf2: a broken hand, which he carried for four of the five rounds, losing to brown by decision.brown v faber 2 replayed last night. catch it when it replays again; check here for dates.labels: mma, wec



posted by jane bellwether @ 9:23 am  
    	

 | 










	 
	 brit 2-year-old with iq of stephen hawking
	 
    


not to take away from an amazing toddler, but this doesn't pass the smell test. for example, "what do you use your eyes for?" brought the answer, "you close them when you go to sleep" and "you put your contact lenses in them."the child-psychology expert who gave little karina the classic stanford-binet iq test "noted imaginative responses." what if she'd quoted something she'd heard on the radio, like lines from "lucy in the sky with diamonds," or some childrens' poem? what's a child who's had uncle shelby read to her bound to come up with? labels: children



posted by jane bellwether @ 6:45 am  
    	

 | 







wednesday, june 10, 2009



	 
	 re: if you're surprised by this, raise your hand
	 
    


tee,as much as we shouldn't be surprised by the discovery of islamic terrorists on air france flight 447, frankly this little discovery at cafe hayek is also unsurprising. speculation has blossomed concerning the causes of the loss of air france flight 447 ("wreckage yields clues in jet crash," news, thursday).   it would be irresponsible to get ahead of evidence, but important factors are emerging. first, some experts blame global warming for the increased severity and frequency of hurricanes (most of which originate at latitudes within 5 to 15 degrees of the equator). second, the flight appears to have passed through a band of equatorial megastorms. finally, levels of turbulence in such storms are being investigated in the crash. perhaps the memorial service in paris will be recognized as the first for airline victims of global warming.richard danforth - seneca, s.c.yes, according to the above letter from today's usatoday, the flight was taken down by...global warming.



posted by kevin @ 6:42 pm  
    	

 | 










	 
	 if you're surprised by this, raise your hand
	 
    


two names on doomed air france flight 447's passenger list also appear on a list of radical muslims considered a threat to france, according to french investigators.labels: the war on terror



posted by jane bellwether @ 6:01 pm  
    	

 | 











got a sensative tummy? you might want to stay away from slim jims.strangely, that was the first thing i thought when i read the headline, "third body found in slim jim plant explosion rubble."gas plants explode. oil refineries explode. fireworks plants explode. but slim jims?maybe beloit should rethink having the frito lay factory and the hormel's plant near the main freeway exit. they should definitely not be right next to each other.



posted by jane bellwether @ 2:54 pm  
    	

 | 










	 
	 "there's a part of her record that seems to be, up to now, been flying under the radar a bit. and that's her tough stance on criminals"
	 
    


"and her unyielding commitment to finding justice for the victims of crime." joe biden on what judges are all about: a tough stance on criminals and finding* justice.*find: as in, to come upon by chance; to locate or recover; to gain or regain the use of; etc.labels: a village is missing its idiot, looney leftists, scotus



posted by jane bellwether @ 11:52 am  
    	

 | 







tuesday, june 09, 2009



	 
	 seller's market
	 
    


jib makes me rethink the whole thing about selling your kids to pay your mortgage. if you do, remember to think like a capitalist and market that kid as an exotic baby:



posted by jane bellwether @ 8:09 am  
    	

 | 
















contact
bbabadgerbites-at-gmail-dot-com
alliance posting members

chris  bba
lance  
troglopundit
tee bee  
guide to midwestern culture
members only   bba backroom
alliance emeritus
jib   jiblog
kevin   lakeshore laments
owen   boots and
sabers
sean   the
american mind
marcus   blogger beer
alliance alumni
aaron   subject to change
casper   ask me later 
chris   on the
borderline
fred   realdebatewisconsin
jenna   right off the shore
kathy   stepping right up
lucas   wild wisconsin
patrick badger blogger
phelony   the confidentials 
todd  bba

previous posts

there is even a time for endings
new product in search of a law suit
do you think he'll get an oj jury?
wedding march
don't forget:whale wars!tonight!! on discovery cha...
feud
dead on
if a tree falls in a forest
i bet a certain someone wishes his new gm concocti...
cage fight smack


red wisconsin

  7 deadly sins
  an 'ol broad's ramblings
  asian badger
  ask me later *inactive
  atomic trousers *inactive
  badger blogger
  berry laker
  blogger beer
  boots and sabers
  conservatism from the progressive birthplace *inactive
  dad29
  dummocrats
  eminent domain *inactive
  fox politics
  fraley's daily take *inactive
  free racine
  from where i sit
  gop3 the triumvirate
  grandpa john's
  greenbluff views *inactive
  growing old disgracefully
  guide to midwestern culture
  hasenpfeffer incorporated
  headless blogger
  high life heaven *inactive
  jiblog
  jon baas
  josh schroeder
  layton park blogger
  letters in bottles
  little miss sunshine
  marquette warrior
  musings of a thoughtful conservative
  my catharsis
  no runny eggs
  one man's opinion
  on the borderline
  peterepublic
  pheistyblog
  random10
  realdebate wisconsin
  reality check
 right from the right
 right off the shore *inactive
  shark and sheperd
  sheboygan shennanigans
  spring city chronicle
  stand in the trenches
  stepping right up
  subject to change
  sykes writes
  the american mind
  the appletonian
  the confidentials
  the crocodile cage *inactive
  the daily rag
  the right side of the road *inactive
  the world according to nick
  tom mcmahon
  troglopundit
  villains vanquished
  wagner on the web
  washburn's world
  wide white
  wigderson library & pub
  wild wisconsin


'purple' wisconsin

  althouse
  the electric commentary *inactive


blue wisconsin

  babblemur & akoni power hour
  badger blues
  ben pac
  brew city brawler
  caffeinated politics
  eye on wisconsin
  folkbum
  forward our motto
  garvey blog
  hermes' journeys
  in effect
  jef4wi
  left on the lake
  milwaukee rising
  mixter's mix
  pundit nation
  someone took in these pants...
  the happy circumstance
  the hippie perspective
  watchdog milwaukee
  waxing america


wisconsin political blogs

  frank lasee
  nick reed
  scott walker


wisconsin expats and other non-badgers

  ann's fuse box
arra news service
backyard conservative
batesline
booker rising
ed driscoll
eleicoes americanas de 2008
eyeblast.tv
fausta's blog
gateway pundit
grizzly groundswell
  holstein grove
hotair
joshua trevino
  katie harbath
the mad irishman
marathon pundit
midnight blue
north star liberty
purple people vote
  stand up and walk
stinger nation
stix blog
true north
the tygrrrr express
virtualidades
wide white


media blogs

  all politics watch
  eugene kane
  patrick mcilheran


wisconsin political sites

  the wheeler report
  wisconsin conservative digest
  wisopinion
  wispolitics


wisconsin newspapers

  beloit daily news
  chippewa herald
  daily jefferson county union
  eau claire leader telegram
  green bay press-gazette
  janesville gazette
  lacrosse tribune
  milwaukee journal sentinel
  racine journal times
  the capital times
  the sheboygan press
  wausau daily herald
  wisconsin gannett newspapers
  wisconsin state journal


out of state allies

  minnesota organization of bloggers





technorati search



 
 this blog

 all blogs




archives

december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009












 



 














