





home - extended - big rick's

























































 




skip to main content














close search
 








 


search
0 

 
menu    




home
products
recipes
about us

awards & testimonials
find a retailer
news & events


contact us


search 



 0  



 was successfully added to your cart.					
cart

















 
get some mustard











 
check out theirgreat review of big rick's



















in the news
big rick’s hits it big in people magazine holiday entertaining issue! jalapeno honey mustard selected to represent kansas in the ‘50 foods from 50 states’.










stores with great taste
find a store where you can fill your craving for big rick’s! you won’t find big rick’s in the big boxes with the big corporate brands and that’s fine by us. 










tucker down under!
our aussie mates have developed quite a hankering for big rick’s. you’ll find us in nearly 300 butcher shops across the lucky country. 
   
  
 



















jalapeno honey mustard
can a condiment have groupies? this one does.

buy it now






honey mustard tarragon chicken
no question about it – this is absolutely a perfect dish. i’m surprised more people haven’t discovered it! i added some garlic and doubled up on the sauce for an extra big taste, but you really don’t need to alter anything about this recipe at all. everything is well-thought out with this recipe. and it is just simply delicious! the chicken is moist and tender and the sauce rich, sweet and smooth with just the right kick of heat. the chosen ingredients all combine into something special – how can you go wrong with a sauce made of chicken broth, wine, big rick’s jalepeno honey mustard, sour cream and tarragon? pair it up with a cold beer or white wine and you’ve got a seriously memorable meal.
show me the recipe











  
don’t just take our word for it

  “ your sauce is all we use! carol lassiter  “ love your stuff, drove from denver this summer just to stock up. keep on smokin! dan dunnebecke  “ your sauce is the best. period! don grace 


share your love








 looking for big taste? 

		  shop here		






big rick’s, llc big rick's, l.l.c.
400 s. commerce
wichita, ks 67202
ph: (316) 264-0880  tf: (800) 964-7425
fx: (316) 264-4475
email us

 

featured products

 original bar-b-q sauce

rated 5.00 out of 5
$8.99



 honey bar-b-q sauce

$9.99



 hot bar-b-q sauce

$8.99



 chipotle bar-b-q sauce

rated 5.00 out of 5
$8.99



 original bar-b-q sauce - 1/2 gallon

$24.99




  



return policy
shipping terms and conditions








© 2025 big rick's. 



twitterfacebookyoutubeinstagram 








close menu
 


home
products
recipes
about us

awards & testimonials
find a retailer
news & events


contact us







 
 
 















































