






mesa | mathematics, engineering, science, achievement

































homepage
our partners
about us

alumni
student programs
timeline


newsroom
contact us

resources
intranet


 


select page


  
 
 












delivering california's future stem workforce
mesa is a college and career prep engine that propels student achievement in science, technology, engineering and math.












about







donate



alumni



mesa day 









announcements
what’s new?












connect with us on mesaspacewe’re excited to share the launch of a new mesa online community that serves as a one-stop shop for all things mesa.  mesaspace is a new hub for all campus-related communications and events plus a way to connect with statewide mesa news, events and programs.
members will be able to connect with mesa undergraduate students from across the state, learn about upcoming mesa events (including conferences, mentorships and more), and meet and interact with mesa alumni.
current university and former mesa students and alumni, as well as mesa board members and volunteers are eligible to join the community.
mesaspace








2024 student leadership conference canceleddue to the ongoing hotel labor negotiations and potential for picket lines in san francisco, we are canceling the upcoming 2024 student leadership conference, with a new date scheduled for 2025. stay tuned for more info.
slc event page












about us
who are we?












 
mesa serves students across the educational pathway through three complementary segments. 








college prep
mesa’s college prep program sparks early interest in stem by bridging classroom concepts to real-world practice, and inspires youth on their stem journey to higher education and their future success.



learn more






community college
mesa’s community college level program produces a population of transfer-ready students to advance their stem educational journeys in 4-year university programs.



learn more






university
mesa’s university-level program produces career-ready, candidates for corporate industry employment by providing the tools, resources and support they need to successfully earn stem degrees.



learn more







statistics
mesa by the numbers






number of overall mesa students in california

mesa serves over 350 middle and high schools, 40 community colleges and 13 universities in california.




%
of mesa's student population is from historically under represented ethnic groups






%
female students in college prep segment



%
underrepresented students in community college segment



%
underrepresented students in university segment





mesa students are more likely to be admitted to a uc (80% vs 67% for california students overall).




80%
80%




67%
67%





top 5 degrees of mesa undergrad students
mechanical engineering
civil engineering
computer science
electrical engineering
computer engineering
 







approach
about us

a grassroots effort that began with 25 students at oakland technical high school in 1970 has flourished into an award-winning program that serves almost 25,000 middle school, high school, community college and university level students throughout california each year. mesa’s long history with industry and its vast network of alumni are key components to success. 

learn more











testimonials
what people are saying







at that early stage, mesa helped solidify my interest in pursuing an engineering degree.
jason ibarra
director, digitization services, google




the program changed the way i studied, learned, and supported those around me. i never imagined i could ever reach as high as i have.
katya echazarreta
engineering assistant, nasa jet propulsion lab






i learned a love for hands on math and science from mesa. i saw a diverse group that made me feel included and i had fun! i credit it as one of the main things that helped steer me towards a stem degree and career.
jennifer scroggins
senior engineer, pg&e




mesa has truly supported me in many ways and is a program that goes above and beyond in helping me to succeed. thank you mesa!
daisy manivong
project engineer, kiewit








 industry relationships
our partners

industry leaders partner with us to strengthen their workforce pipeline with top-notch talent.
 each partnership is tailored to benefit individual companies.





















































partner with us today!







we're here to help!




name


email address


message




send messages










mesa statewide office
1111 franklin street, 10th floor
oakland, ca 94607 






call us
(510) 987-9337







followfollowfollowfollowfollow



 



































