








guide to private nursing homes|home care|retirement villages in ireland




















































 










skip to content








toggle menu

about us

advertising
blog
useful links
employment


nursing homes

nursing homes  dublin
nursing homes cork
nursing homes connacht
nursing homes leinster
nursing homes munster
nursing homes ulster
convalescent care
information centre


retirement villages
home care
suppliers
contact
 












retirement care services
your complete guide to  elderly care services in ireland

read more 





retirementservices.ie
a-z listing of all nursing homes, home care & retirement villages in ireland

read more 





welcome
browse through our comprehensive directory with all the latest information

read more 




 













featured nursing homes & care services


bluebird care ireland
phone: 061 481 210
email: info@bluebirdcare.ie
web: www.bluebirdcare.ie

comfort keepers
phone: 01 892 1302
email: care@comfortkeepers.ie
web: comfortkeepers.ie/


kiltipper woods care centre 
e-mail:info@kiltipperwoods
web: www.kiltipperwoods.ie/
phone: (01) 4625277

our care services


nursing homes directory & information
our nursing homes directory provides the public with the most up to date comprehensive directory & information on all private nursing homes in ireland. there are currently 472 registered private nursing homes in ireland caring for over 20,000 people. at the top of the nursing homes tab we highlight our featured homes  and underneath these you will find links to all nursing homes in ireland by simply clicking on the relevant county or province
in our information centre we aim to provide  the most up to date helpful information on a number of key areas such as cost of care, nursing homes fair deal, useful hints & tips , tax relief,  regulations covering nursing homes & much more. this information can be accessed by simply clicking on information 
following treatment in a hospital it is often necessary to spend a further period recovering. this is particularly so following surgery, major illnesses and accidents. retirement care services provides the public with on-line access to a full directory of providers in ireland who offer convalescent care. these facilities can be fully reviewed through this website by simply scrolling down the page to the relevant county where you will find the contact details for the nursing homes, care centres and retirement centres that provide this service.
home care directory & information
retirement care services aim is to guide you through a comprehensive list of home care providers in ireland. these facilities can be fully reviewed through this website by simply clicking on the relevant county link .
home care package providers
from the 1st september 2016 all new home care packages approved by the hse will be provided by organisations that have been approved by the hse following a detailed tender process.
the 32 approved providers, appointed under the 2016 tender process meet a required level of national standards. however it is important to note that existing providers also provide a quality service work under agreed standards, which are monitored by staff in the local health office.
check the list of approved home care package providers
what does a home care package include?
services provided through a home care package are flexible, but might include additional home help hours, nursing care, physiotherapy, respite care etc to support the clients’ needs. services may be provided directly by the hse by its own staff, for example, home help workers and nurses, by voluntary providers operating on behalf of the hse or by private care providers.
full details of home care packages
 
 
 
retirement villages & independent living information
our aim here is to guide you through a comprehensive list of retirement villages and independent facilities in ireland. these facilities  can be fully reviewed through this website by simply clicking on the relevant county link
 there was significant growth in retirement villages & independent living  providers over a number of years but this has slowed down in recent years  with only a small number of developments planned or completed. as a result demand  for places in this very popular  alternative care option for independent living far outweighs availability with waiting lists a common feature. many of these facilities are adjacent to nursing homes  and allow residents to lead a completely active and independent lifestyle with all the comforts of modern living in a secure and friendly environment.
a number of  following services and features are provided as a standard part of their rental/leasing agreement:

fully furnished and equipped homes
smoke detector, burglar alarm and nurse call system
twice-weekly laundry and house cleaning
regular refuse collection and window cleaning
shopping delivery service
access to amenity building and activity programme
structural insurance
maintenance of house exteriors (including painting) and grounds


suppliers of products & services to elderly care
suppliers & service providers to nursing homes, care centres and a range of services to cater for people in retirement. a comprehensive list of links to companies, organisations relevant to the nursing home, elderly care and healthcare sectors in ireland
employment opportunities









retirement care services provides the public with a comprehensive on-line directory of employment agency's with particular emphasis on job opportunities in caring for the elderly. our aim is to guide you through a comprehensive list of employment providers .

useful links









we  list  a number of useful links to companies, organisations relevant to the nursing home, elderly care and healthcare sectors. please click on the relevant  link to visit their website.



















 our advertising services




																					nursing homes & care centres																			

our services for nursing homes & care centres in ireland
more info & prices

 






																					home care providers																			

our services for home care providers
more info & prices

 






																					products & services																			

our services for suppliers of products / services to nursing homes , care centres and elderly care
more info &  prices

 



													see some more services											
 


want to know more about our company? curious what else we do?


learn more














 









about retirement care services

founded in 2002 retirement care services , has become the leading on-line guide to elderly care & support services in ireland. our aim is to provide the public with the most up to date comprehensive directory & information on all private nursing homes, independent living, home care, convalescent care and a wide range of services/suppliers associated with elderly care & retirement.we offer an ideal opportunity to providers of care & services linked to elderly care to get your message across at an affordable price...more info  

 

useful links convalescent care
employment
useful links
blog

 

contact us0858674977info@retirementservices.ie



 



 


 

advertise with us 


get your nursing home, home care facility, product or service projected online at an affordable cost


check out our full range of  advertising options



 








© 2025 retirement care services. proudly powered by sydney 







 






















