 


mission craftsman shaker lodge furniture

















 













































home










mission style










construction










bedroom










dining










living room










office










lamps










teak patio










care










company










local info










feedback










hours










terms










contact us










view cart

















mission craftsman and shaker furniture

arts & crafts style furniture










horizon custom homes



now celebrating our 23rd anniversary!



our family loves these styles and the craftsmanship of wood furniture.


















in american and english classic wood crafting styles from the arts and crafts period of the late 1800s to the early 1900s including mission, craftsman, shaker, prairie, and stickley styles. we personally have a passion for the woodwork and styles, as well as are fans of frank lloyd wright's work combining architecture, furniture, and lighting with architectural landscaping.



see our outdoor hardwood patio furniture website





please donate to these wonderful organizations so future generations can enjoy and be inspired by frank lloyd wright's legacy of amazingly beautiful groundbreaking timeless work.
we greatly appreciate their preservation for the future.









to learn more about mission style and history please see more information:


mission furniture's style - a brief history




mission wood furniture at more affordable prices can be difficult to find, so horizon custom homes is proud to present this simple, straight forward, convenient website catalog for our clients as well as fans of classic styles of wood furniture. now with larger font sizes and an improved menu for easier reading and less eye strain.







(not accredited, affiliated, or endorsed)



click on company to learn about our family's company and history.

click on furniture construction for construction details and care information.

click on contact us to ask us any questions.







be sure to see our furniture furniture construction section to learn about the qualities of different species of wood used in furniture, the differences between specific wood species, wood joinery construction techniques, as well as the care and maintenance of indoor and outdoor wood furniture. 

our company strives to deliver our favorite styles of wood furniture styles such as mission, craftsman, arts and crafts, stickley, shaker, rustic, bungalow, and prairie styles.

contact us with questions anytime here at our contact us form. as an example, we can help match-up furniture models with similar finishes or to find out how much assembly may be required. 

the best way to find your furniture shipping costs is by using this website. add the furniture item(s) to your shopping cart, fill-in the ship to location & click continue. you can always click your back button as well as remove furniture items from your shopping cart. 



















mission furniture at affordable prices

 
founded october 2001 

horizon custom homes 

interior design group 

125 cr 427 

corinth, ms 38834 

phone: 662-594-4025 

fax: 662-594-4025 

email: contact form 
website: horizon-custom-homes.com








 










 









 
 

        



 







copyright © 2001-2025 horizon custom homes, inc.horizon-custom-homes.comall rights reserved.

delivering mission furniture for 23 years

 



















