







guemes island general store






















































                menu
              



                events
              



                visit
              



                digs
              




















                menu
              



                events
              



                visit
              



                digs
              























"beautiful spot to be! the sunshine, views, food, people, music...."- mary lehmberg lascelles










"it's so nice to have the store back & in fine form....great people, food, music, fun. i make a point to go down a couple times a weekend when on island. so happy it's back." - michael kelly












"great food, great service, outdoor seating, and live music."- ann meyer








"great food in a cool place... a hidden gem... nuff said..."- jimmy williams














































 



farm-fresh food, local brews and wine served with a view on beautiful guemes island. walk on the ferry and you're here!welcome to the guemes island general storeour full menu is served from noon until 8pm thursday through sunday we also offer cold sandwiches, soup, and lots of baked goods everyday!ask about our dinner specials













we prepare all our food from scratch, and what we can’t, we source locally and responsibly. we hand cut our fries, patty our burgers with skagit-raised beef, and prepare our veggie burgers with organic blue bird grains grown in the methow valley. we slow cook our corned beef, bread and season our fried seafood and vegetable dishes, and make all our dressings and sauces. we use gmo-free, unrefined rice bran oil in our fryer. through the puget sound food hub, we source local, organic cheese, meat, and produce from samish bay cheese, north cascade meats, and numerous other on and off-island farmers. our mushrooms are grown on guemes island and our salmon comes from both island and local fishermen. our sourdough bagels, buns, and rolls are baked in house. we take pride in the amazing abundance of the place in which we live and make it our work to sustain it. thank you for supporting us!call 360-293-4548 to place your food or grocery order for curbside delivery. have credit card ready to pay over the phone. we prefer prepayment but will accept cash if necessary.store hours of operation9am - 8pm 7 days a week kitchen hours of operation thursday - sunday  12pm-8pmwe serve grab-and-go deli items, cold sandwiches, soups, and lots of fresh baked goods everyday!











all services are available. 



inside & outside dining  as well as to-go orders are offered, 12-8pm thursday through sunday. view our menugroceries 7 days a week 10am to 8pmview the list of groceriesbeer ,wine & cider view the list of alcoholic beveragespizza friday (starts at 5 pm)view the pizza menu




    view our menu
  




    list of groceries
  




    beer & alcohol
  




    pizza menu (friday)
  

















 











hours of operation:winter hoursstore will be open 7 days a week from 9am to 8pm for food, beer, wine, and groceries.  call (360) 293-4548 to place your order.  please have credit card ready to pay over the phone.  our kitchen will be open with full menu thursday-sunday 12-8pm.  






back to top
guemes island general store, 7885 guemes island road, anacortes, wa, 98221, united states3602934548digs@dogislandgoods.com


powered by make northwest








