









mcminnville area chamber of commerce














































































skip to content








jobsdealscalendarmember login 



 











			search articles		




search for:



















memberssearch for servicesjoin maccpay invoiceask our expertsmember newsmember storiestestimonialsadvocacygovernment affairs councilgovernment contactsprogramsleadership maceventsglide + gather ice skating rink and winter marketeventslemonade dayresourcesbusiness support series webinars / forumsbusiness directory searchcommunity profile & membership directoryemergency managementmembership applicationrelocation informationstarting a businessvisiting mcminnvillechambercontactstaff & board of directorschamber newsambassadorsmemberssearch for servicesask our expertsmember storiesjoin maccprogramsleadership macadvocacygovernment contactseventseventslemonade daylemonade day 2024 sponsorshipresourcesbusiness directory searchmembership applicationrelocation informationemergency managementservice clubschamberambassadorsboard & staffchamber newscontacthistorypresident’s blogjobsdealscalendarmember loginmemberssearch for servicesjoin maccpay invoiceask our expertsmember newsmember storiestestimonialsadvocacygovernment affairs councilgovernment contactsprogramsleadership maceventsglide + gather ice skating rink and winter marketeventslemonade dayresourcesbusiness support series webinars / forumsbusiness directory searchcommunity profile & membership directoryemergency managementmembership applicationrelocation informationstarting a businessvisiting mcminnvillechambercontactstaff & board of directorschamber newsambassadors







search for:











 






 







supporting a strong local economy to create a thriving, sustainable community.









supporting a strong local economy to create a thriving, sustainable community.maccweb2025-02-11t10:35:15-08:00 
how tojoin maccadd events, jobs & promotions×instructions
post a job
post a promotion (hot deal) 
post an event
update your company profile
pay an invoice
closeadvertise×advertise with the macc
we are currently updating our advertising options. please send us a note, and we’ll contact you with more information.

name*


first



last

company*is this  company a macc member?*


yes



no
preferred contact method:*


phone



email
email

phonewe are interested in the following macc advertising:

website


directory


newsletter


weekly email


mobile app


movers packet


event  sponsorships
captcha
 













closelogininside the chamber
mcminnville chamber of commerce honors cruising mcminnville

mcminnville quarterly business leader forum

mcminnville chamber of commerce scholarship opportunity
read more articlesask our expertsmcminnville water and lightwhat do i do if my power goes out?chamber communications2019-10-04t16:16:20-07:00what do i do if my power goes out?mcminnville water and light is committed to providing safe and reliable energy, but unfortunately, power outages do occur.  if your power goes out, here are some helpful tips to follow:

don’t call 911 to ask about the power outage. call mwl at 503-472-6158 to report any problems.
shut-off your electronic equipment such as computers, televisions, and microwaves.
leave one light on so you know when power is restored.
turn off any heat-producing electric equipment such as toaster ovens, electric stove tops, irons or hair curlers.
stay out of elevators – use the stairs instead.
use extreme caution, especially on roads without working traffic signals.
use flashlights instead of candles to minimize fire hazards.


keep your refrigerator and freezer doors closed as much as possible to prevent food spoilage.
shut-off any electronic equipment that was operating when the power went off.
shut-off major electric appliances as well. this will help to stabilize the electric system when power is restored.

how much of the power i consume is “clean and green”?chamber communications2024-05-13t16:31:25-07:00how much of the power i consume is “clean and green”?97% of mw&l’s purchased power comes from renewable sources, mainly hydro generated by the federal columbia river hydro system.
what conservation rebates are available to make my home/business more energy efficient?chamber communications2024-05-13t16:34:34-07:00what conservation rebates are available to make my home/business more energy efficient?mcminnville water & light offers a variety of incentives to help make your home more energy efficient and save you money. rebates are available for insulation and weatherization, windows, ductless heat pumps, smart thermostats, residential hvac, heat pump water heaters, and energy star homes. to qualify for incentives, your home must be electrically heated, and all projects must be pre-approved. your project may also qualify for additional federal tax credits. if you have gas heat, you can contact the energy trust of oregon (energytrust.org or 1-866-368-7878). or consider upgrading your gas furnace by adding a heat pump, which may qualify you for mw&l incentives. learn more on the mw&l website or by calling 503-435-3115.
insulation: signs of an under-insulated home include: cold floors, drafty and cool walls in the winter, as well as hot ceilings in the summer. current rebates average about 30% of project costs.
windows: mw&l offers $2 per sq. ft. to replace existing single pane windows, single pane with storms, or double pane metal. new windows must have a u-value of 0.30 or lower (0.35 for patio doors), and must be installed in a heated space.
doors: $30 incentive for every energy star qualified single entry door in site built and manufactured homes.
duct sealing: duct systems are notoriously leaky, dumping the hot/cold air under your home or in your attic (the national average is 30%) instead of in your living space. the current rebate for manufactured homes is $150 and site-built homes $190.
ductless heat pumps: want a heat pump and a/c without ducts? mw&l is currently offering between $600 and $900 for homes with existing zonal heat (permanently installed baseboard, ceiling or wall heat or a forced air electric furnace).
ducted heat pumps: many things effect how efficiently your new ducted heat pump will work, an important one is to have it tested to mw&l “ptcs” specifications, which will qualify for a rebate between $200 and $1200.
heat pump water heaters: cut your water heating bill by more than ½, $375 for tier 2 or 3 and $225 for tier 1.
conservation loan: qualification is based on your utility payment performance. loans can carry an interest rate of 6.5%, up to $7,500 unsecured, with 5 years to pay. the monthly payment rule of thumb is $20 per $1,000.
we currently have commercial hvac and lighting incentives available.  please contact our office for more information.
we look forward to helping you save energy! please call sara bernards at 503-435-3115 or email sarab@mc-power.com for more information, or if you have any questions.
how can i access/pay my bill online?chamber communications2019-10-04t16:01:44-07:00how can i access/pay my bill online?smarthub is our online payment gateway that can be accessed from your smartphone with a free app or via your computer with a web browser. we also offer a pay by phone option (customers pay a $3.95 convenience fee for each transaction).

go paperless!
pay your bill
check your usage
compare past usage
contact our office

download the smarthub app today!
what services does mcminnville water and light provide?chamber communications2019-10-04t15:56:06-07:00what services does mcminnville water and light provide?mcminnville water and light (mw&l) was established in 1889 as a municipal utility and is responsible for providing water and electric service for the city of mcminnville.
willamette valley medical centerwhere can i go to help me find a doctor nearby?chamber communications2021-11-15t14:27:02-08:00where can i go to help me find a doctor nearby?if you are new to the area or are in need of a specialist, the hospital’s website willamettevalleymedical.com has an online directory of local physicians, their contact information, specialty, education, and more. additionally, you can call our physician information line at 503.435.4575 for more information to help you locate a physician to meet your healthcare needs.
why did i receive separate doctor, radiology, or lab bills?chamber communications2019-07-29t16:22:34-07:00why did i receive separate doctor, radiology, or lab bills?your hospital bill does not include charges for your personal physician, surgeon, anesthetist, pathologist, radiologist, emergency room physician or other physician’s consultants. you will receive separate bills from these independent physicians.
what factors affect my bill?chamber communications2019-07-29t16:21:37-07:00what factors affect my bill?when examining your bill, many factors can affect an individual’s financial responsibility for the cost of hospital care. this includes:

if an individual has insurance, and under which insurer and plan he or she is covered;
individual qualifications for additional financial assistance from the facility;
factors specific to each patient’s care and needs, such as:

length of stay in the hospital
specific items needed for care
additional testing required or recommended by your provider, and
unexpected complications



if i need medical attention but cannot afford it, what can i do?chamber communications2021-11-15t14:39:39-08:00if i need medical attention but cannot afford it, what can i do?no one is turned away from willamette valley medical center needing emergent/emergency care because of an inability to pay. we direct patients to our financial counselor located in the admitting department who will work with you to develop a payment plan, help you apply for medical assistance or, if you qualify, arrange for discounted care. you can also contact our financial counselor by calling 503.435.6345

what information do i need to bring with me to the hospital?chamber communications2021-11-15t14:29:25-08:00what information do i need to bring with me to the hospital?when visiting the hospital for scheduled admissions or to receive emergency care, please bring the following items with you:

picture id (driver’s license, state id card, passport, etc)
all assignable insurance cards
advanced directive or living will, if you have one
physician orders with diagnosis
out-of-pocket payment responsibility

first federalwhy should i choose a community bank?maccweb2018-12-19t03:01:48-08:00why should i choose a community bank?community banks are depository financial institutions that focus on the needs of families and small businesses in their communities. they are integral to local economies through their community giving, dedication as good neighbors, and above all, their critical role in providing reliable financial services to oregonians. community banks, particularly through lending to small businesses, play a significant role in local economic development efforts and job creation. they help build the communities they also call home.
what can i do to keep my business banking information secure?maccweb2018-12-19t03:01:38-08:00what can i do to keep my business banking information secure?there are several things you can do to protect your identification and password.

make your passwords long, strong and complex. that means at least twelve characters, with uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols. avoid common words, phrases or information.
do not open emails or click links from unknown senders.
double check that no one is watching when you enter your username and password.
try to memorize your username and password rather than writing them down.
if you do write down your username and password, store that document in a secure place.
do not share your username and/or password with others.
report any unusual account activity immediately.
do not give your information to anyone requesting it over the phone unless you have initiated the call.
always log out of the system when you are done.

what is mobile deposit?maccweb2018-12-19t02:59:40-08:00what is mobile deposit?mobile deposit is a convenient feature that makes it simple to quickly and securely deposit checks using your smartphone or tablet. you just take a photo of the front and back of your check and follow the instructions you see on-screen.
how do i select the right business banking account(s) for my business?maccweb2019-01-02t14:47:52-08:00how do i select the right business banking account(s) for my business?business banking can be a bit different than your personal banking. you’ll find that many of the needs are similar, they just serve a different purpose. it is important to write down your list of must-haves in order to do business with a banking institution. here are some things to consider:

fraud protection: this is an absolute must. in the event of an account breach, theft, or unauthorized charges how quickly will the bank be able to act?
check signing authorization: if your business includes a partner or staff members, will your business checks require one signature or two? make these decisions before opening your account and you’ll avoid the headaches of making changes later.
minimum monthly balance: you’ll want to ensure you can maintain the minimum daily or monthly balance in your business accounts. some business accounts offer monthly fee waivers if the account balance stays above a specific amount every month.
fees: every banking institution has different fees, and some don’t offer any type of incentive or option to waive them.
account services: don’t forget to consider what additional services might the banking institution offer, such as mobile and online capabilities, foreign currency exchange, ordering checks, and digital statements.
reputation: take the time to check out positive, negative, and neutral reviews online. negative reviews do not always mean it’s a bad bank, just a bad situation.

do not feel pressured to open an account with the first bank you sit down with. explore your options with both large and small financial institutions. some smaller banks may offer more options and better incentives. their size may also allow them to have better safety protocols in place.
where can i find information about first federal’s business banking options?maccweb2019-07-29t16:01:21-07:00where can i find information about first federal’s business banking options?you can visit our website at www.firstfedweb.com, stop by one of our six branches in yamhill county, or give us a call at 888-317-8333.
find our expertsmeet a membermaccweb2019-01-11t11:16:20-08:00


accu-tech automotive


						gallery					


						accu-tech automotive					

1-10 years, members




accu-tech automotivemaccweb2019-01-11t11:16:27-08:00


wing & a prayer alpacas


						gallery					


						wing & a prayer alpacas					

1-10 years, members




wing & a prayer alpacasmaccweb2018-12-27t10:26:21-08:00


encore home furnishings


						gallery					


						encore home furnishings					

16-30 years, members




encore home furnishingsmaccweb2018-12-27t10:28:55-08:00


the sage restaurant


						gallery					


						the sage restaurant					

31-50 years, members




the sage restaurantmaccweb2019-11-14t09:48:07-08:00


chuck colvin auto


						gallery					


						chuck colvin auto					

members, more than 100 years




chuck colvin automaccweb2018-12-27t10:30:22-08:00


willamette valley medical center


						gallery					


						willamette valley medical center					

31-50 years, members




willamette valley medical centermeet more membersthe bakery
senior forever homes
pelican garage doors
peaceful owl acupuncture
member testimonials
“i really appreciate gioia’s email updates. very informative and helpful. thanks for the work you do for our small businesses and our community.”
jennifer behnke, pmhnp-bc, thrive integrative psychiatry
“we have found the emails and updates from the mcminnville area chamber to be valuable to our company. they rock!”
renee sterba, cascade water systems llc
“when i ask clients how they heard of me, many of them say “i saw you listed on the mcminnville chamber website.” that alone makes my membership worth every penny.”
rachel bradley, shoebox taxes
“we appreciate all the support chamber provides!  it is great practicing in a community with such supporters of small business. thank you for all you do!”
nic clark, od, mcminnville family eye care
“thank you for all you do, truly incredible work.”
shannon botten, botten's equipment
i would highly recommend the mcminnville chamber of commerce . it is a great organization there are meetings at different locations every friday. it is a great way to meet different business owners people at the community i’ve always look forward to fridays when i have some free time i try to stop by their office just to say hi the people in the office are very friendly they make you feel like home . that’s a great way to get to know other businesses especially if your business is like ours it’s small so there’s a lot of people that you ask for advice it when you go to the meetings it’s benefited us quite a bit.
mike hill, mike's powerwashing and more llc
“i want to say ‘thank you’ for all the great work you do for us, not only as a business but for the chamber as a whole. we are a community of business’s and families and friends. i may not attend meetings or events often (i used too, years back) but value the information, comradery and support. this past year has been one that has required quick and concise information shared and you have kept us up to speed. again, thank you for keeping us informed and directing the chamber as we move through the challenges.”
sue miller, courier direct, inc. (member since 2009)
“thank you for these updates.  i’m impressed that the chamber has provided this service.  this is added value to membership.  your partnership with communication in times when our community is so in need of information and updates.  thank you again.”
julie delano, alliance services
“i wanted to take a moment to just thank you for doing such an amazing job keeping us updated on what’s happening locally and in the state of oregon. i am a member of six chambers around the state of oregon and mcminnville chamber by far does the best job in keeping their membership informed on what’s relevant to business owners and providing value to us. i wanted to let you know how appreciative i am of you and your team, you should be very proud of what you’ve done for your community and all of us business owners in 2020.”
lucinda hage, broker/owner, coldwell banker professional group, member since 2015


stakeholders & aspire investors



 
 





 office hours
monday – friday
8:00 – 5:00 pm
location
319 ne 5th street
mcminnville, or 97128
phone: (503) 472-6196
email: chamberinfo@mcminnville.org

 

 our mission: supporting a strong local economy.

 helpful links
members
advocacy
programs
events
contact
job listings
deals

 

 stay connected


get our email newsletter

 










 


 


×




 

 
 
 





		copyright 2017-2025 mcminnville area chamber of commerce | all rights reserved | website usage | privacy policy 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 























go to top






