








estate planning lawyer in white plains, new york | probate, elder law



































 contact us today: (914) 946-8084
 









main menu






homeabout us

about our firm newsletters

practice areas

elder law estate litigation estate planning probate/estate administration

blogcontact us










 dedicated to protecting everyone you love and everything you own.
 
/video/video.mp4
 




practice areas 


estate planning
elder law
probate/estate administration
estate litigation






visit our blog


annual long-term care survey finds steep rise in assisted living facility costs amid pandemic
march 16, 2021


what to do with your stimulus check if you are in a nursing home
march 16, 2021


what is long-term care and who provides it?
march 16, 2021


the film ‘i care a lot’ highlights vulnerabilities in the guardianship system
march 16, 2021


a modest social security increase for 2021
november 24, 2020


contact usname *email address *phone *questions *send messageplease do not fill in this field.  










welcome to the law office of robert l. boydstunestate planning lawyer in white plains new york




as a law firm focusing on estate planning, elder law and closely related practice areas, families and individuals come to us with a wide range of concerns, goals, and questions. questions such as:

how can i ensure that my minor children will be cared for if something happens to me?
how can i pass my assets to loved ones as efficiently and cost-effectively as possible?
if i become incapacitated, how can i ensure that my decisions regarding my care and finances will be carried out?
if my spouse or i must move to a nursing home, how can we pay for it without going broke?
what is probate? what is involved in the probate process and administering an estate?
what if someone challenges my trust or my will?

at the law office of robert l. boydstun, we help our clients find answers to questions like these, and can design a customized estate plan to address your particular concerns and goals. we invite you to explore this site to learn more about who we are and how we can assist you and your family. better yet, contact us to schedule a consultation. we welcome the opportunity to meet with you in person and get to know one another. let’s talk soon.


 




 

 





 law office of robert l. boydstun
15 chester avenue | white plains, new york 10601
telephone: (914) 946-8084 | fax: (914) 946-8085
www.boydstunlaw.com

     
 
 
 


 
 





 this website is for educational and information purposes only and does not intend to provide legal advise. please consult an attorney for advise regarding your individual situation. no attorney-client relationship is created by the use of this website or the use of products or services described here. this website includes legal advertising. 
 



 





















 

