



plating by queen city plating inc.












































need something chrome plated?
					  our focus is on quality, and service.
we start by stripping off all of the old plating and paint,
						and any corrosion embedded in the metal. all polishing, welding,
						straightening, and refinishing are done to highest specifications,
						then we carefully inspect each item before returning it to you.
restoring classic cars for the pebble beach auto show?
						need dull nickel or dull cadmium? we do it.
						we plate wire wheels,marine hardware,
						precise machine components,
						motorcycles, plumbing and lighting
						fixtures, and many other items.
queen city plating, inc.
						also serves the industrial
						sector for their high-quality
						light production finishing needs.





2020...now in our 97th year and 
						   family owned for four generations!

need to find us in a hurry? our location page
						has all the information you'll need. it is linked to
						yahoo maps so you can get driving directions
						from your door to ours.
check the faqs page for quick
						answers to the most common questions.
visit our history page and see what this
						shop looked like eighty years ago.
environmentally concerned? we are. the
						page titled ecology describes our state of the
						art waste treatment and water purification
						systems.
our services page lists the various operations
						we perform. we do plating on aluminum and stainless.
						we have the right resources for engraving
						and specialized machinework, all other work
						we perform in our own facility. protecting
						valuable parts against damage or theft,
						and restoring the detail, not removing it,
						is of highest importance to us.
						have questions? phone 425-315-1992
						or 1-800-617-1995 contact us.
we love what we do and we’re sure
					  you will too! 
pledge to our customers.
our standards are to provide the highest quality
						polishing, surface finishing and electroplating.
						the skilled craftsmen at queen city plating, inc.
						have a keen eye for detail and quality control.
we recognize the necessity for flawless workmanship.
						therefore, we strive to maintain our
						reputation as the finest electroplating firm in the region.
 
.





call us!
						800-617-1995
						or 425-315-1992

						thank you for visiting
						our website
copyright © 2000-2020
						queen city plating, incorporated.
all rights reserved.






