



new rochelle campership fund












































menuhome
about
board bios
donations list
contact
application
donate








new rochelle campership fund




“giving children the priceless gift of a summer camp experience.”



donate


the need and how the fund works


more


why contribute to the campership fund


more


where your contribution goes


more


the fund 50 year history


more



photo
album


more


enrolling your child


more


donor lists


more


board members community quotes


more



articles



av_timer50th year celebrationlocation_citycity soundingsassignmentnew york timesassignment_indsound reportstarsstandard starface2009 largest contributor


campership fund annual sponsors
patron level – $10,000
– the heckscher foundation for children  – whose goal to “level the playing field for underserved youth” very closely matches our own.
– the gwendolen appleyard trust – whose goal is to support charities focused on new rochelle – as we are.
platinum level – $5,000
– charles s. gotsch  & family – who have generously provided funding for this cause for 20 years.
– anonymous “m” whose recent commitment to annual support has allowed us to expand the children we reach
gold level – $2,000
– butterflies from jodie – in memory of jodie who lived a life of caring, compassion, loyalty and kindness.
in giving – we receive, in receiving – we heal
– the friedrichs family – in loving memory of nellie (our mother/grandmother) who starting in 1957 made this a family cause for all of us.
silver level – $1,000
– new rochelle turkey trot – who have annually included the campership fund as one of the recipients of their new rochelle thanksgiving day 5k race





donate




donation honor of a favorite teacher, a friend, a public figure. your donation may memorialize a loved one, be used to say “happy birthday” or “happy anniversary” or recognize any other special occasion. we will be happy to honor any request! we will send an acknowledgment to the person honored.
if using paypal, enter these instructions by clicking special donation instructions after making your donation. if you want us to send an acknowledgment please add an address.
yet another way to benefit children is to remember the campership fund in your will.
thanks for giving a child a priceless gift – a gift of summer fun and hope.




to donate by check send to the address below:

new rochelle campership fund
p.o. box 255
new rochelle, new york 10804
please make the check payable to the new rochelle campership fund. please include your name and address and tell us you viewed this web site. you may access a printable donation form by clicking here or below. to reduce costs and we ask that your canceled check serve as your receipt.


donate


$30 sponsors a day of camp
$60 sponsors two days of camp
$150 sponsors a week of camp
$300 sponsors two weeks of camp 





members of the campership fund board







officers





martin friedrichs
chairman
bryan grossbauer
president
anne almazar
vice-chairman
james e. arles
secretary/treasurer
ann spindel
deputy secretary/treasurer





board members





hon. noam bramson
carol feldman
kathleen gardner
kelly johnson
john b. tomaino
carol marrone
jeannette martinez





life members





caryle gulker
joan paley
june schetterer





in memoriam
past board members
robert deligter
leonard demarco
theodore edwards
winifred b.fairhall
pauline flippin
evelyn haas
ruth kitchen
isaku konoshima
elmer miller
marylynn pierce
theodore h. stewart





gallery












a special thanks this year for the generous support we have received from:
the heckscher foundation for children  – whose goal to “level the playing field for underserved youth”
very closely matches our own.  www.heckscherfoundation.org/
the gwendolen appleyard trust – whose goal is to support charities focused on new rochelle – as we are.





menu






