






jersey city archery – passion, love, archery

































skip to content




jersey city archery
passion, love, archery








home
about us
book a lane
classes and services
contact us
faq
customer portal







 
ready for your journey?
book a lane

















archery

















archery 101begin your journey with a required archery 101 class. we teach the basics of shooting, safety at our range, and how to maximize your fun!
 















private lessonswe offer multi-level private lessons to pair you with the perfect instructor for your skill level. all for a very affordable price.
 















partieslet us host your next party. we've hosted all kinds! birthday, graduation, girls night out, bachelor parties... even divorce parties.
 

















axe throwing












lane rentalsrent one of our 3 lanes for you and your partner or group of friends! it allows you personalized axe throwing instruction. competitive games against one another and an unforgettable experience.
 















private lessonsif the space allows we do allow private axe throwing instruction with our head instructor. please inquire within for availability and pricing.
 















partiesrent out our three lanes for you company, birthday, bachelor, or bachelorette party! byob inquire to reserve your date.
 

















batting cages 












cage rentalswe have two lane rentals available for rental for batting and pitching practice. one lane is 70 ft with hit trax available for rental, alongside equipment rental, and our other lane is available at 40 ft with the addition of equipment rental.
 















private lessonsprivate coaching sessions for both hitting and pitching are available with our head coach, rich. he has been coaching both softball and baseball for over 10 years, has been the president of washington park little leage for eight years, and is still working with local athletes in developing their skills for the competitive year. inquire within.
 















partiesboth lanes and our hit trax is available for all birthday parties as well as other parties or league events.
 






















hours
sunday: 12 pm - 6 pm
monday: 3 pm - 10 pm
tuesday: 3 pm - 10 pm
wednesday: 3 pm- 10 pm
thursday: 3 pm - 10 pm
friday: 3 pm - 10 pm
saturday: 10 am - 10 pm










contact info
phone: 201-420-9700
email: rich.rios73@yahoo.com
address: 7 sherman ave, floor 2 jersey city, nj 07307




















 follow on instagram


























 



 



 























follow us






contact usemailrich.rios73@yahoo.comphone201-420-9700address7 sherman ave
floor 2
jersey city, nj 07307
















	copyright © 2025 jersey city archery



















