
 





two meter area spectrum management association

































↓ skip to main content















 
two meter area spectrum management association



 













main navigation

menu
notices
about





what is tasma?
what is a frequency coordinator?
bylaws
articles of incorporation
board of directors
technical committee


meetings





schedule
minutes
meeting guidelines


membership





roster
code of conduct
application
pay dues online


2m repeaters
coordinaton





what is coordination?
why coordinate?
band plan
technical standards
coordination area
forms


resources





fcc haat calculator
47 cfr part 97 regulations
fcc license search


contact us
 















 




looking for a few people who want to become involved!


				by 


robert melucci

 

					posted on february 19, 2022 


					posted in notices 



♦ enjoy ham radio? ♦ having fun with the local repeater systems? ♦ have a desire to give something back to the hobby? consider joining the tasma technical committee!! short of technical knowledge, but wanting to learn? join a group …
  looking for a few people who want to become involved! read more »








march 1, 2025: technical committee meeting


				by 


robert melucci

 

					posted on february 10, 2025 


					posted in notices 



the next technical committee meeting will take place online on saturday, march 1, 2025 at 9 am. for those who have business on the agenda, the link to the online meeting will be sent to you via email. the agenda …
  march 1, 2025: technical committee meeting read more »








repeater coordination update


				by 


robert melucci

 

					posted on december 5, 2024 


					posted in notices 



the tasma technical committee will soon be contacting repeater owners and contacts to request updated information for all coordination records that have not been updated since 2019. this will take place over the next several months. additional information is contained …
  repeater coordination update read more »








december 7, 2024: general meeting


				by 


robert melucci

 

					posted on november 9, 2024 


					posted in notices 



all are invited to the next tasma general meeting to be held online on saturday, december 7, 2024, starting at 9am. if you are a tasma member, you will automatically receive the link to join this meeting. if you are …
  december 7, 2024: general meeting read more »








tasma band plan update


				by 


rochelle cocco

 

					posted on november 3, 2022 


					posted in notices 



tasma has updated the two-meter band plan to designate the simplex frequencies that are recommended for digital voice. only page 3 of the band plan is affected. a briefing explaining the changes can be found here. please see the updated …
  tasma band plan update read more »










arrl news
arrl headquarters will be closed on monday, february 17, 202514 february 2025arrl headquarters will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of president’s day. there won't be any w1aw bulletins or code practice that day. arrl hq will reopen on tuesday, february 18, 2025 at 8 am est. [...]the arrl solar report14 february 2025noaa reports a g1 (minor) geomagnetic storm watch has been issuedfor 14 feb, 2025. a coronal hole high speed stream is expected tomove into a position favorable for enhanced interaction between thehigh speed stream and earth's magnetosphere. these enhancements arelikely to cause elevated geomagnetic responses, with g1 (minor)storm levels likely.from spaceweather.com: another solar wind stream i [...]rigexpert’s administrative office destroyed in russian missile attack — production remains intact14 february 2025on february 12, 2025, rigexpert’s administrative office, in kyiv, ukraine, was destroyed by a russian ballistic missile. all employees are reported to be safe.rigexpert is a leading manufacturer of antenna and cable analyzers and officials said they are committed to restoring operations as soon as possible.“our top priority is the safety of our team and the continuity of our operations,” said a [...]grant will help young amateur radio operators become contesters14 february 2025a $10,000 grant to the university of scranton, from the frankford radio club (frc)in pennsylvania, will support the development of a contest dashboard that will leverage the popularity of amateur radio operator contests to benefit science, technology, students and ham radio science citizen investigation (hamsci) community members.through the grant, a team of university students, faculty, and fr [...]amateur radio emergency service renews relationship with red cross in puerto rico14 february 2025amateur radio emergency service® (ares®) in the puerto rico section of arrl the narional association for amateur radio® has signed a renewal memorandum of understanding (mou) with the american red cross puerto rico region. the agreement establishes a framework of cooperation and a close working relationship with arrl ares volunteers.both ares and the red cross agree that, with the resources of [...]robert “bob” naumann, w5ov, silent key12 february 2025bob naumann, w5ov, passed away at his home in texas on february 10, 2025. naumann was a mentor to many in the amateur radio service, and well known in the ham radio contesting and dx community. he served on the headquarters staff of arrl the national association for amateur radio as director of operations from 2021 to 2024. he was an arrl life member and a member of the arrl diamond club.arrl c [...]hurricane watch net turning 60, seeking net control operators7 february 2025the hurricane watch net (hwn), founded on labor day weekend 1965, is celebrating its 60th anniversary in 2025. the net, known for relaying surface observations into the national hurricane center, is also seeking volunteers to serve as net control operators. net manager bobby graves, kb5hav, reports hwn is preparing for what could be, yet again, an above-average hurricane season and that the net [...]training the next generation of net controllers7 february 2025amateur radio operators are known for their desire and unique ability to provide public service through communications. whether activated for a severe weather event or a local event such as a marathon or bike ride, the utility value and versatility of the amateur radio service is enjoyed by communities around the country. one critical aspect of coordinating the communications is the role of net [...]propagation update7 february 2025spaceweather.com reports that sunspot 3981 has produced more than 20m-class solar flares, including two that almost reached category x.the activity is likely to continue today. the sunspot retains adelta-class magnetic field that harbors energy for frequentexplosions.the current solar forecast calls for there to be no g1 (minor) orgreater geomagnetic storms.  a potential glancing blow is possib [...]learning opportunity - on the air live: “how to use your handheld radio”7 february 2025arrl is helping members get the most out of amateur radio through on the air live, a monthly series of training sessions. the live events are hosted by arrl education specialist wayne greene, kb4dsf, and offer a deep dive into topics hams will find useful. “we had a great crowd at january’s on the air live,” said greene. “we showed folks how to get started in slow scan television (sstv).”the ne [...]



 








footer menu
terms of use
privacy policy
refund policy
 






                copyright ©  2025            
             tasma            
                 | powered by            

                 responsive theme                 












