






geoblue | international travel medical insurance for expats and travelers











































































geoblue international medical insurance
for short term travelers and expatriates











 

 



geoblue voyager choice
            single trip travel medical

geoblue voyager is a short term, single trip travel health insurance plan that includes services to help you identify, access and pay for quality healthcare. geoblue voyager fills health and safety gaps internationally.  even if you are already enrolled in a health plan, your coverage is limited when you travel abroad. in fact,…
read more

 
geoblue xplorer premier
            for xpatriates living abroad

if your plans to travel or live abroad will keep you away from the united states for more than 6 months, your health and financial security are at serious risk because of significant gaps in most available insurance coverage and services. this risk is only heightened by limited knowledge of health and safety hazards around…
read more

 
geoblue trekker choice
            multi-trip travel medical

geoblue trekker choice is a short-term health and accident insurance for multi-trip international travel. geoblue trekker provides the traveler with international health insurance for multiple trips throughout the year. it is also a complete package of services to help you identify, access and pay for quality healthcare anywhere in the world. geoblue trekker fills health…
read more












trip cancellation coverage - travelers are at risk when investing in a vacation. the cost of the trip may be lost in the event of a cancellation due to personal sickness or injury of you or a family member, act of terrorism, adverse weather and more. trip cancellation provides coverage in the event of unforeseen events.  read more


















menu

home page
about
contact us

cigna global

general descriptions
extended families

geoblue travel plans

general descriptions
geoblue xplorer
basic upgrade
international student
voyager single-trip
trekker multi trip
trip cancellation
 













 





























call or text questions
 +1 307-690-0427 

©2000 - 2024 timothy n jennings,  authorized agent, all rights reserved.
authorized independent agent, email: timjen333@gmail.com

















