






patterson show pigs – show pigs in northwest ohio



































located in northwest ohiophone: (419) 454-7300mobile: (419) 306-3160email: hampsrus@wcnet.org









homesow and boar profilesbreeding sheetpast successes









patterson family showpigs9891 eagleville roadbloomdale, oh 44817
our first litters of pure and crossbred showpigs farrowed in january and february will usually be available for sale beginning the first weekend in april by appointment only.
we are ped virus-free and want to ensure top health conditions for your pigs. all vaccines and shots have been administered.
please help us maintain high health standards. come to your appointment clean. disposable boots and gloves will be provided for your use.
we look forward to a fun, exciting, and successful showing season!
please call (419) 306-3160 or email (hampsrus@wcnet.org) to setup an appointment.







welcome to michael patterson and family’s showpig website… your link to the finest genetics available in the swine industry.
our operation is family owned and operated, consisting of a limited number of very high quality females, specifically chosen to produce pigs that are competitive at the highest level. through years of experience we have gained knowledge in breeding, feeding, grooming, and show preparation that we enjoy sharing with our friends and customers.
if there is anything we can do to assist you, don’t hesitate to call, we would be glad to talk with you at anytime. our greatest joy is to lend a helping hand to people of all ages, to see them succeed as they participate in the character building processes involved with the swine industry.
we hope you are blessed with a successful show season.
sincerely,michael patterson and family




jordan motter2014 champion hampallen county fairfourth overallmother is 2-2 sowbushwood x no question



danielle redman2014 reserve champion hampallen county fairfifth overallfourth overall (open show)mother is 1-6 sowblack tea x big shabang



erica patterson2014 class winnerindiana state fair



tyler mcgrain2011 grand champion guilthancock county ohio


congratulation tyler, on a very successful show season.
thank you for the joy and honor of working with you.
the talks, shows, and trips to duncan have produced many memorable moments we will never forget.
the $5100 record setting premium is nice, but believe me, in a few years the memory will be much more valuable!!






copyright © patterson family show pigs. all rights reserved.






