home | cotuit kettleersscheduleteam info2024 rostercoachesstatsstandingsabout uslowell parkfriday community heroesinformation and contactsinternshipsknow before you gomediamanuel robello scholarshipsvip packages2024 yearbookclinicshousinghistorykettleers history2024 draft picksnewsstoredonatecape league tvccbl teamsbourne bravesbrewster whitecapschatham anglerscotuit kettleersfalmouth commodoresharwich marinershyannis harbor hawksorleans firebirdswareham gatemenyarmouth-dennis red soxscheduleteam infoabout usclinicshousinghistorynewsstoredonatecape league tvccbl teamsfour former kettleers take home milb gold glove honorsformer kettleers accounted for four out of nine milb gold glove honors this season, stacking up to the most from a single team in the entire ccbl.
read moreketts' season ends in west championship seriescotuit fell to the bourne braves in the series' decisive third game, bringing the kettleers' playoff run to an end.
moreketts survive in pitchers' duel, one game away from ccbl finalsbehind a stellar relief outing from ryan buckler (florida atlantic), who faced every batter in a high-leverage situation, the kettleers held off the bourne braves for a game 1 win in the west division championship series.
morehall powers cotuit into second round of ccbl playoffsimplementing a "cheat swing" he learned from manager mike roberts before the season, nathan hall broke the game open with his three-run homer in the fourth as cotuit held on to defeat wareham in the opening round of the playoffs.
morecotuit's unicorn: will thompsondespite never playing organized baseball past middle school, thompson developed a baseball brain through his love of the sport and dedication to hard work. he was an undeniable candidate for the kettleers to hire as an intern, doing whatever was needed just to be around the team. now, he gets to build the roster for a perennial winner in the ccbl.
morecarousel-arrow-left-481669carousel-arrow-right-481670trending nowfour former kettleers take home milb gold glove honorsformer kettleers accounted for four out of nine milb gold glove honors this season, stacking up to the most from a single team in the entire ccbl. meanwhile, in the arizona fall league, evan justice, tommy troy and peyton williams were named to the fall stars game roster with williams... and with that, the 2024 season has come to an endcotuit, mass. – it was do-or-die for the cotuit kettleers on friday night in game 3 of the western division championship series. lowell park was rocking as cotuit was trying to avenge last season’s heartbreaking loss to the bourne braves, but the bravos were too much for the ketts, once... kettleers' mistakes allow bourne to avoid a sweep in west division championship seriesbourne, mass.— in the two games of the west division championship series between the no. 4 bourne braves and no. 2 cotuit kettleers, the common theme has been capitalizing on mistakes.
the kettleers did so in game 1, scoring two runs on balls to the backstop as they held on... kettleers dig in with sponsored dinnersthe cotuit kettleers have lots of opportunities for local businesses to sponsor part of the team. whether that be bats and balls, foul balls, pitching changes, or advertisements in the yearbook, many companies jump on the occasion every year to support the kettleers. this year, a new sponsorship opportunity has... ketts survive in pitchers' duel, one game away from ccbl finalscotuit, mass. – you could feel the energy in the air on wednesday afternoon at lowell park when the bourne braves took the field against the hometown cotuit kettleers. there was still bitterness in the mouths of the cotuit faithful following last year’s series loss to bourne. there was a... nathan hall powers cotuit into second round of ccbl playoffscotuit, mass.— back in early june, before very little else was happening at lowell park, cotuit kettleers manager mike roberts was working with nathan hall (south carolina), the only player in town.
barely knowing each other, roberts became familiar hall through the language of baseball and swing mechanics. in a... video-481671 watch the kettleers on cape league tv latest headlinesfour former kettleers take home milb gold glove honorsand with that, the 2024 season has come to an endkettleers' mistakes allow bourne to avoid a sweep in west division championship serieskettleers dig in with sponsored dinnersketts survive in pitchers' duel, one game away from ccbl finalsseason starting in:dayshrsminssecsyouth baseball clinics2024 draft picksfollow the kettleers on social mediax-481672instagram-481673facebook-481674youtube-481675tiktok-481676paver projectbe a part of historic lowell park and support the cotuit kettleers by purchasing a paver engraved with your personal message to be placed in the new "walk of champions".for more information and to order a personalized paver, click here.for questions, please email paver project coordinator.more-481677 get started ma state lottery heroescheck out our friday mass state lottery community heroes!more-481678 read more thank you to our kettleers klub sponsorsterms of useprivacy policycontact uscopyright © 2025 