



 




swa | horry county solid waste authority | horry county sc | south carolina
































home
general info

about swa/work
location & directions
board meetings & agendas
solid waste management plan (pdf)
debris management plan (pdf)
event recycling
faq & terms to know
press releases
newsletters
events calendar
staff directory
links of interest
recycling grants
how do i get rid of?
freedom of information requests


departments

board of directors
administration
finance

check registers
recycled commodities sales & quotes
commercial hauler forms
online bill pay
rfp/rfq
operating & capital budget
tipping fees


human resources
landfill operations

about landfill operations
construction & demolition recycling
food waste recycling
hazardous waste facility
tipping fees


material recycling
public education

school recycling & education programs
talkin' trash competiton
environmental scholarship
recycling student of the year
pop art contest
environmental eagle award


recycling centers


residents

residential resources

municipal recycling
resale store
landscape materials for sale


recycling information and locations

recycling & convenience centers
what can i recycle?
how do i get rid of?
event recycling


tipping fees
commercial hauler listings (pdf)
faq & terms to know
newsletter
events calendar
school programs


businesses

occ/commingle recycling
office paper recycling
commercial haulers
event recycling
tipping fees
rfp/rfq
recycled commodities sales & quotes
spotlight on environmental awareness
online bill pay
how do i get rid of?


contacts

























email us

join us

call us

visit us

meetings

newsletter





         font +


         font -


         reset
      




horry county solid waste authority
home page

upcoming meetings:
february board meeting - the february board meeting will be held on tuesday, february 25, 2025, at 3:00pm at the swa administrative office located at 1886 highway 90, conway, s.c.   
anyone interested in speaking during public input at the board meeting should contact ms. monica collier to sign up for public input by 12:00 noon on february 24, 2025.  ms. collier can be contacted via phone at 843-347-1651 or via email at mcollier@solidwasteauthority.org.
 

introducing the new oyster shell recycling pilot program at the swa landfill. view the you tube video.

beginning in december 2022, the horry county solid waste authority initiated a pilot food waste collection program. this is a free drop-off for residents at the landfill recycling convenience center located at 1886 hwy 90 in conway, the carolina forest recycling center located at 800 international drive, the loris recycling convenience center located at 1485 business hwy 9 east, and the mcdowell shortcut recycling convenience center located at 10622 mcdowell shortcut road in murrells inlet.
the purpose of the pilot program is to divert food scraps from landfill disposal to the composting facility and to determine the receptiveness and feasibility of offering food scrap collection to residents through the county's 25 recycling convenience centers.  click here for more information on the food waste pilot program.
 


resources
residential


municipal programs
recycling & convenience centers
commercial haulers
recycle this! newsletter
events calendar


business


occ/office paper recycling
commingle program
event recycling
fees, rfp/rfq & hauler forms
commodity quote - submission instructions
online bill pay


educational


school recycling programs
"talkin' trash" competition
tours, presentations, grants
scholarships, contests
recycle this! newsletter
events calendar








caught green handed

barbara jackson from loris sc was recently recognized as the january 2025 "caught green handed" recipient.

click the following link for more info, caught green handed january 2025 pdf




recycling student of the year

congratulations to kaislee jane blanton from green sea floyds elementary school for receiving the 2024 recycling student of the year award.

click the following link for more info, 2024 recycling student pdf




recycling grants now available

the horry county solid waste authority (swa) is accepting proposals from horry county local governments, k-12 and higher learning institutions, private industries, homeowner associations, private business and non-profits for the implementation and/or expansion of waste reduction and/or recycling projects.   maximum award: up to $10,000 per local organization (limited quantities available).  apply july 1, 2024 ~ october 31, 2024.  click here to download an application.






the solid waste authority is looking to recognize agencies/businesses/companies that practice reducing, reusing and recycling in their daily operations, promotes the conservation of natural resources and/or utilizes sustainable business practices.  the swa's spotlight on environmental awareness (sea) program will recognize these businesses quarterly. please contact us at info@solidwasteauthority.org and let us know of any business/company/agency whose business practices are "protecting tomorrow's environment today". click here to view recipients of this recognition.  





visit the solid waste authority

the horry county solid waste authority offers facility tours of the landfill, material recycling facility and recycling & convenience center to individuals and groups. these free tours are offered monday through friday at our location on highway 90, outside of conway. please call 843-347-1651 to schedule a tour or obtain more information. view a virtual tour of the landfill and material recycling facility.





be one who makes a difference

the horry county solid waste authority wants to show you the positive impact on our environment if everyone in horry county would start recycling just one item every day. recycling conserves natural resources to help sustain the environment, saves energy and prevents pollution, and reduces the need for landfilling. visit one of our 24 recycling and convenience centers throughout the county today... for every one of our tomorrows.







solid waste management plan
review and download a copy of the 2022 horry county solid waste management plan.
disaster debris management plan
review and download a copy of the  2022 horry county disaster debris management plan.
waste characterization study
review and download a copy of the  2019 horry county waste characterization study.
recycling handbook
review and download a copy of the recycling guidebook.
scdhec annual progress report
review and/or download a copy of the sc solid waste management annual progress report.
hhw collection
dispose of your residential household hazardous waste (hhw) at the solid waste authority hhw facility located at 1886 highway 90 in conway. the facility is open tuesday & thursday from 8am-1pm and on saturday's from 7am-12pm. the facility is closed sunday, monday, wednesday and friday.
this service is for residential hhw material only - no contractors or contractor vehicles will be accepted. residents may dispose of a maximum of twenty (20) gallons of paint per month.  call (843) 347-1651 for details.












the horry county solid waste authority 1886 highway 90, conway sc 29526 • ph: 843.347.1651 •  fx: 843.347.3653 • email 





careers

licenses - applications hauler forms

rfp/rfq

fees

staff directory

press & links

board meetings

newsletters

faq & terms to know

residential resources

education resources

business resources

landfill operation

about swa/work

recycling centers

map & directions

what to recycle

how do i get rid of?

foi requests








start making a difference today.please consider the environmentbefore printing this website.
©2005- horry county solid waste authority









close [x]
visit the solid waste authority

the horry county solid waste authority offers facility tours of the landfill, material recycling facility and recycling & convenience center to individuals and groups. these free tours are offered monday through friday at our location on highway 90, outside of conway. please call 843-347-1651 to schedule a tour or obtain more information. 






