












 














































		henningsen foods | michael foods	












looking to sign up for our newsletter? click heresign up for newsletter










products
segments
recipes
blog
resources
about us
careers
contact us



foodservice
ingredients
brands

bakeseggspotatoesmac and cheesefrench toast


new products



eggspotatoesfrench toastdried meats



foodservice
ingredients

restaurantshealthcarelodging & hospitalityconvenience storescollege & universityk-12 schoolsdeli & bakery

sauces & dressingsbaked goodspastassports nutritionpet foodslearn about our team’s extensive capabilities and resources.get to know us


by product


eggs




potatoes




french toast



by daypartbreakfastlunchdinnersnack
by menu partappetizersentreessandwicheswrapssidessaladsdessertsdrink
by dietary needlow calorielow fatlow carbgluten freevegetarianwhole grainlow sodiumcontinuing educationvideoseventslibrarytoolsfirst in foodsee the story from our farm to your tablecapabilitieshistorycorporate responsibilitydiversity, equity & inclusionnewsanimal well being



















recommended contentpageproductspagerecipespageabout usabout ushistoryresourcesvideos 

 

























                                            henningsen®  meat ingredients                                    

purchased in 2020 by michael foods, the henningsen portfolio of dried meat ingredients are nutritious, human grade products that start with fully cooked proteins before being dehydrated and incorporated into countless flavors and foods, such as soups, seasonings, and a growing number of pet foods.  












                                why meat ingredients?                            
because our products are fully cooked and dehydrated, they have an extended shelf life that reduces both storage costs and waste while enhancing a number of valuable food attributes, such as:

flavor – slow cooked flavors are desirable for most consumers, but difficult to achieve in cpg processing. with henningsen dried meats, you can easily deliver this flavor by leveraging our process and products
texture – create a better bite without having to prep the meat yourself by added in the texture of high quality protein
nutrition – enhance your nutritional panel to satisfy label claims or meet regulatory requirements without adding significant cost
appearance – the color of meat can naturally enhance the overall look of your final product
 







           connect with us!        

contact us
find a broker






                                    more brands
                            
















































segments


                                from k-12 and healthcare to hospitality and convenience, we’re here to help solve challenges in virtually any segment.
                            

explore segments











capabilities


                                with advanced technologies, processes and facilities, plus game-changing research and resources, our capabilities exist to benefit the diverse audiences we serve.                            

see what’s possible








sign up
log in






careers
segments
about us
news
continuing education
corporate responsibility
post holdings


contact usfind a broker952.258.4000facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram
 


©2025 michael foods, inc. all rights reserved. this site is intended for audiences in the united states.

site map
terms of use
privacy notice
cookie policy
 


























