




































findev gateway - financial inclusion and microfinance knowledge platform










      skip to main content
    










explore our regional platforms in:

français
español
العربية







subscribe
submit content












findev gateway






















      blog    


      webinars    


      topics    




explore findev collections

curated compilations of the most relevant and up-to-date knowledge resources on key topics and emerging issues in financial inclusion

view all collections







featured collections

climate change and financial inclusioninnovation and technologymigration and forced displacementmicrofinance adaptation and resilience









      countries    






explore country content
resources hosted on findev gateway cover nearly all countries in the seven world regions listed below. explore resources by your country or region of interest.
 









east asia and pacific
europe and central asia
latin america and the caribbean
middle east and north africa
north america
south asia 
sub-saharan africa
global










      community    




communities of practice

findev gateway provides a platform for select communities of practice (cops) to share their work, learnings and insights on a special corner of the findev website dedicated for cops.

finequity







contributing organizations

close to 2,000 organizations publish their content on findev gateway, sharing their research, news, events and jobs with the global financial inclusion community.

organization list







our partners

findev gateway partners with a number of organizations who, in addition to contributing content, co-host webinars, share their expertise on research topics, and host key microfinance and financial inclusion events.

partners











      explore    







data


publications


training & events


news


jobs






explore community content

findev gateway hosts the largest, free collection of online resources on microfinance and financial inclusion. explore over 8,000 publications, trainings, events, jobs and announcements which have been curated by our editors and submitted by a wide range of organizations from around the world.
learn how you can share content >
 










      about    


























 

findev gateway
financial inclusion for development
explore our regional platforms in:
français español العربية




connecting the global microfinance and financial inclusion communityfindev gateway offers a unique opportunity to organizations and individuals to expand their outreach and the visibility of their work. sharing your knowledge and resources on findev gateway is easy and free of charge. submit your content write a blog








featured content






 





                  guide
         28 january 2025
 
financial inclusion year in review 2024
reflecting on the highlights of 2024, we have compiled a list of notable contributions from the past year which showed thought leadership, explored innovative ideas and approaches, offered practical guidance, amplified underrepresented voices and engaged with the most pressing issues for the financial inclusion sector. 














latest from our blog







          blog
          12 december 2024
 
how savings groups can address gender inequality through dialogue
unequal power dynamics and discriminatory social norms can stand in the way of women gaining full control of their financial resources. engaging in four types of dialogue – from household to systems – can help shift these norms. 








          blog
          04 december 2024
 
connecting venezuelan migrants with the financial system in colombia
the banca de las oportunidades project, “el parche financiero” (“the financial patch”), aims to promote financial inclusion for the 100,000 venezuelan migrants in the country. 





write for us view all blogs




 


editor's picks






 






 

  paper





november 2024

 

 a green future for all: how financial services can build more inclusive carbon markets



inclusive carbon markets can play a role in financing a just, green transition. this study highlights the challenges to and opportunities for developing inclusive carbon markets, emphasizing the potential for financial services to both overcome barriers to inclusion and drive impact at scale.


max mattern, elizabeth munee kiamba, bennett gordon



cgap










 






 

  paper





september 2024

 

 delivering on the promise of gender lens investing (gli) in latin america and the caribbean



this report delves into the growing gender lens investing (gli) ecosystem in latin america and the caribbean.


leonora buckland



idb invest










 







findev blog

  blog




20 november 2024

 

 breaking down silos to advance financial inclusion of forcibly displaced people



coordinated efforts are needed to move from emergency response to long-term inclusion. the community of practice on the financial inclusion of forcibly displaced people aims to help make this happen.


daria fiodorov
, 
international rescue committee (irc)









 



latest publicationsfindev gateway hosts publications from over 2,000 organizations. explore the largest collection of resources on microfinance and financial inclusion including over 8,000 papers, case studies, toolkits and more.







          paper
           january 2025

       / swiss capacity building facility
   
financial inclusion innovations for healthcare in a changing climate
a landscape of existing solutions, gaps in innovation and priority interventions in the climate change, healthcare and financial inclusion nexus 








          paper
           january 2025

       / united nations capital development fund (uncdf)
   
local governments climate finance instruments - global experiences and prospects in developing countries
this report aims to contribute to discussions on increasing the access of local governments and cities to climate finance and help them understand various financing instruments and sources available to them to meet climate investment needs.  








          podcast
           january 2025

       / cgap
   
coding through crisis: building a digital social protection system in lebanon
lebanon’s 2019 crisis plunged many into poverty. in 2021, the world bank launched a $246m social safety net, and the government of lebanon, with siren associates, developed daem—a digital platform for social assistance. in this episode, we hear from key players about how collaboration made daem a success and how, even in crisis, solutions can go beyond relief to build a more inclusive financial system. 





post a publication view all publications











findev editor's collectionsthe findev editor's collections provide a selection of resources carefully curated by our experienced editors to provide financial inclusion professionals with a guide to the most relevant and up-to-date insights and analysis on key topics and emerging issues. 

 

 



climate change and financial inclusion





 

 



microfinance adaptation and resilience





 

 



migration and forced displacement





 

 



fintech












news & eventskeep up with the global microfinance and financial inclusion community. check out the latest news from across the sector, and an extensive calendar of events and trainings hosted by a wide range of organizations.




financial inclusion news






jica signs a loan agreement for a project to promote financial inclusion of small and medium-sized enterprises in honduras
 13 february 2025

      /
      japan international cooperation agency (jica)
   







tng digital teams up with unhcr to enhance financial inclusion for refugees
 12 february 2025
 







investcorp and chipper cash partner to enhance financial inclusion
 11 february 2025
 







nbu and ebrd unveil guidance note on financial inclusion and reintegration for financial institutions employing ukrainian war veterans
 10 february 2025

      /
      national bank of ukraine
   







exploring bangladesh’s experience in women’s financial inclusion, sex disaggregated data and digital financial services
 07 february 2025

      /
      alliance for financial inclusion (afi)
   







south sudan moves to launch country’s first instant payment system
 05 february 2025
 





post news view all news








community training & events







18
feb




 workshop: digital credit – navigating financial health and over-indebtedness




event


18 february 2025

finequity

nairobi, kenya











24
feb




 asia microfinance academy




event


24 february 2025 - 28 february 2025

microfinance association

bali, indonesia











24
feb




 driving change in rural economies: best practices for micro credit & microfinance institutions




event


24 february 2025 - 28 february 2025

financial inclusion advocacy centre

london, uk








post an event view all events




 




findev webinarsfindev webinars enable financial inclusion practitioners to share lessons and attend online presentations and discussions delivered by the world’s leading financial inclusion experts.





 





10 july 2024
 
reassessing microfinance as a development tool
 is it time to rethink our approach to microfinance? in this webinar, our panelists explored this critical question and discussed what needs to change for microfinance to be effectively leveraged as a development tool.
learn more
 





view all webinars   share your lessons through a findev webinar: learn how

























related cgap platforms:










about us
financial inclusion
share your work
contact







news
events
publications
jobs








explore our regional platforms in:

français
español
العربية








follow us on:

facebook
linkedin
twitter


learn about upcoming webinars, news, and publications.
subscribe












© 2025 cgap





legal
privacy notice















