





essential, | lhoist





         our products are  
        essential,
       benefiting us all in our daily lives  discover our lhoist city  
          latest news
           blastr green steel and lhoist advance partnership for the development of an ultra-low carbon value chain in europe press release - helsinki, finland, 17 december 2024 news  17.12.24 lhoist wins a brandon hall award  lhoist is proud to have received the prestigious brandon hall bronze award for our “managing with purpose” new manager learning journey. this recognition underscores our dedication to excellence in employee training and development.   news  09.12.24 our sustainability vision 2030 is available!   learn more about our ambitious goals and strategic initiatives.  news  07.11.24  see more
        shaping the future together
        
as a well-established family business, we have always placed sustainability at the core of our operations as it represents an intrinsic part of our culture. we are driven by our ambition to foster a harmonious co-existence of industrial development with environmental and social aspirations.
  learn more about sustainability at lhoist
        " with more than 130 years of experience supporting essential applications for the society, we are leading the transition of our industry towards more sustainable solutions. as a family owned company, we expect our values to be at the forefront of our employees’ and colleagues’ hearts and minds, and we encourage our stakeholders to join us on a shared journey. our main challenges include decarbonizing our industry, valorizing our resources, and reinforcing our “go for zero” safety commitment. together, the future! "
        marcos frança 
        chief executive officer
       
        135 
        sites & terminals
       
        2 
        labs
       
        >80 
        sales in 80 countries
       
        6.6k 
        employees around the world
       
        >70 
        nationalities
      
          discover in which market we operate
          
        services
           we focus on meeting your individual requirements for the widest variety of applications. we identify and acquire appropriate deposits, use resources optimally and produce high-quality products.  more   
          working at lhoist
         discover what our employees like most about lhoist  job opportunities
        lhoist around the world
         more info       
        about us
       
        sustainability
       
        products
       
        markets
        
    useful links
     
        news
       
        careers
       
        all brands
       
        contact
       
        download center
        global en   
                cookie policy
               
                disclaimer
               
                privacy policy
                


