 

the fanac fan history project
 













 



home


		fanzines 

fanzine archive

fanzines by title
fanzines by date
fanzines by editor
fanzines by country

 fanzines by apa mailing
newszines by date

 about fanzines on fanac.org




		conventions 

convention publications
worldcon photos
other convention photos
convention list by date

 about conventions on fanac.org 




		more 

about fanac
fan photos
fancyclopedia.org
video - fanac youtube channel

references
  fanzine listings
  fan dictionaries
  fan directories
  fan histories
related links
  sf, fantasy & horror bibliographies
people cross reference











this site was last enhanced on february 15, 2025.
please see what's new!
latest fanac history zoom schedule
for notification of updates, send a note to fanac-updates+subscribe@groups.io

featured item

the booklet of the midvention, edited by art williams, april 1943 


this site is devoted to the preservation and distribution of information about science fiction and science fiction fandom.  there are fanzines, photos, 
and all sorts of strange and wonderful information about fandom's past. click here for information
 about the fan history project. if you would like to submit material, drop us a line at one of the addresses below. if you'd like to know how you can help, drop us a line.
this is the product of many, many hands.
joe siclari, chairman fanac fan history project
edie stern, webmaster, fanac fan history project 
mark olson, fancyclopedia, fanac fan history project 

sign up for our newsletter








name: 
e-mail: 










this site is sponsored by the 
florida association for nucleation and conventions (f. a. n. a. c.), inc.
which sponsored magicon, the 50th world science fiction convention in 1992. f.a.n.a.c inc. is a 
non-profit organization approved by the irs under section 501(c)3. the material on this site may be copyrighted by
the authors, photographers, and/or the individuals that provided that material. any use of the material for other than purely personal
enjoyment must be cleared with the copyright owners. if you have a comment or question about these web pages please send a note to the
fanac webmaster.  thank you.

"worldcon", "world science fiction convention", "wsfs", "hugo award",
"north american science fiction convention", and "nasfic" are all registered service marks of the
world science fiction society, an unincorporated literary society.
updated february 15, 2025 




copyright ©  by f.a.n.a.c. inc.

