


tools and articles for the software developer












 



 



















home
products
articles



about us
contact us








home
about catalysoft.com





the image sourcerer





support

maintenance











 plotting a formula using our own graphing component, now marketed as jide charts. 
scientific software solutions
catalysoft provides bespoke software development services and
informatics consultancy. we are based in cambridge in the uk, a city
renowned for innovation, and we have a strong tradition in scientific
software development.

some recent projects are: 

monitoring the efficiency of scientific experiments
we are working with a major pharmaceutical company to
improve the efficiency of routine scientific experiments by tracking
the experiments, improving the decision making and automating the
workflow.
laundry research
we are working with novidec
to provide a global washing powder manufacturer with a web application
that predicts the properties of washing powders.
cytogenetics
a local scientific company engaged our services to develop
an application that helps scientists explore genetics data derived from
the analysis of blood samples.








		using jide charts it is easy to configure different presentation styles for the same data.
	


		jide charts also has the ability to fit a polynomial curve to the data using the method of least squares
	


		sometimes a scatter plot is a better representation of the data than a line plot.
	


		this is an application we developed to support genetics research.
	


		a custom visualisation developed to help identify outliers in the data.
	


		this application helps researchers to analyse time series data of heartbeat traces.
	


		add value by combining disparate information sources - here,
		a weather web service is queried and the results used with a mapping component.
	


		we can do custom layouts too.
	


		this demonstration uses ibm's swt technology and shows how object models can be developed at run-time.
	


		we developed this application to help a client process dna sequences.
	


		a simple content management system used in-house.
	


		an application for inspecting and editing zip archives.
	


		we were asked to develop this specialized scientific application with a multi-lingual user-interface.
	


		a demonstration of colour gradients, shadows and texture fills.
	










