



west side little league - new york city: home page






























home

 color picker  


















 








the front office

officials
our sponsors
contact/location

join us

eligibility & registration
division placement
fees
volunteer requirement
forms

the season dugout

calendar/schedule
rules & regulations


tournament season
photo gallery

fundraising kiosk

become a sponsor


web resources

visit our sponsors

local weather

search our site


  






 

 








featured photos





west side 17u hawks win the fall 2021 usabl octoberfest championship  in toms river!



west side little league - wsll 13u hawks - nyc 2017 50/70 sectional champions!


west side little league - the thunder - nyc 2017 majors girls champions!



west side little league - senior girls softball team - the storm - won the 2014 fall championship!



 west side's 50/70 team - 2014 ny section 5 champions!
"letter: big win for west side little league" care of the spirit




11 hawks - 2012 district 23 champions!




10u hawks - 2011 astor tournament champions!





 9-10's "white hawks" team - 2011 astor tournament champions!
team trophy on display at giacamo's gourmet deli. 





11's - 2011 district 23 champions!





11-12s tournament team - 2011 district 23 champions!





11-12s district 23 champions!
from: 2008 season 11-12's






9-10s district 23 champions!
from: 2008 season 9-10's






"west side little league's all-star season"  care of the west side spirit
from: 2008 season 11-12's west side spirit article


 



 
 


west side little league
 west side little league (wsll) is a non profit all-volunteer youth organization chartered by little league baseball. we run: co-ed baseball & girls' softball in the spring and fall, and a co-ed challengers division (special needs) in the spring only.



sponsor your own 

                     west side little 
                  league team!
  find out how!


















registration for spring 2025 season 
          is now open!




                    welcome or welcome back to the west side little league! 
                  registration  for our spring 2025 season will open on saturday, february 1st at 10am. 





                                registration is on-line only: 
                                  click to register on-line.

 




registration is on-line only
the fee must be paid by credit or debit card when your register. register right away or else your child may not be placed!   we fill up early and, in the past, many children have been disappointed.  in addition, if you register after march 3rd, a late fee will be added.
                      important note:  if you or your partner/spouse is volunteering to be a coach or assistant coach for your child’s team, please use that e-mail address to register. 
calendar
the spring 2025 season will start in late march or early april, depending on your child’s age group, and will end sunday, june 8th or the 15th.
                      your child's coach will contact you in mid- to late- march with team assignment and exact schedule. please do not reach out to the league for this information. 
registration fee:
$325 for registrations between february 1st, 2025 and march 3rd, 2025.
                      $395 for registrations after march 3rd.
                      note: once a division is full, whether in february or march, registration will be closed, period.
                      the fee covers most of the cost of player and coach uniforms, team equipment, fields maintenance, umpires, administrative expenses, including league insurance costs and ll charter fees, and scholarships.
 scholarships:
no child will be denied the opportunity to play because of an inability to pay. if a family is unable to shoulder the entire registration fee, scholarships are available for part or all of the registration fee. when possible, families are asked to pay a portion of the fee.  if you are requesting a scholarship, please email the registrar at info@westsidebaseball.org before registering. the registrar will get back to you with the scholarship code.
refund policy:
a full refund is given when a registered player withdraws for a valid medical reason with an accompanying doctor’s note.
                      all other requests for a refund will be denied except under special circumstances as determined by league officials. a $25 processing fee will apply to all non-medical refunds.
                      after uniforms have been distributed, no refunds will be given for any reason.
 please contact the league registrar with any questions on how to  register. looking forward to another fun season!

 the board of the west side little league














winter training sessions 
                              registration for this winter's indoor baseball and softball training is now closed. 
                              all sessions will take place at our training facility at central baptist church (166 w 92nd st, entrance on 92nd between amsterdam and columbus).
the winter training sessions will start on monday, december 2, 2024, and end on monday, march 17, 2025, with the following days off:
                                • dec. 21 - jan. 3 (holidays)
                                • jan. 20 (mlk)
                            • feb. 15 - feb. 21 (public school break)










west side little league registration fees, scholarship, wait-list & refunds: wsll fees. 
                        wsll divisions are grouped by age: wsll division placement.
 
west side little league: 
wsll season calendar;
wsll schedule and; 
wsll field assignments.
 
west side little league:
wsll eligibility;
wsll player assignment and; 
                  wsll player participation.







west side little league: 
approved baseball bats, uniforms and sponsorship.
 
west side little league: covid rules.
cdc:   heads up concussion in youth sports

 
if you have any questions, not covered here, please contact the west side little league league registrar.








pepper persley, wsll girls softball player returns for her third year as espn's kidscast  broadcast reporter!
  pepper   persley is an 13-year-old reporter based in new york and host of dish   with pepper. she has reported for espn's kidscast of mlb's little league   classic at the little league worlds series in williamsport.

 











 


9 year old kingston nahm-korn does an amazing play-by-play in bottom of 4th in orioles vs mets!
 
nyc boy kingston nahm-korn calls mets game as sny kidcaster contest winner!
  kingston nahm-korn, a nine year old west side little league rec and 9u   hawks tournament team player, was the winner of the mets kidcaster   contest this summer and received rave reviews from the entire mets   broadcast team. 

                    check out his video and the ny post article about his 'amazin' performance!
 







west side little league’s mascot pays a surprise visit: ‘play ball’!
  every march is crunch time.
no, i’m not a tax accountant anticipating april 15th.
i’m debbie kling, president of the west side little league. and our “tax day” is april 1st, the league’s opening day.

read more of the west side rag's article
 
 









 
wsll salutes its challenger & buddy program!
any adult or west side player, age 11 or older, who would like to volunteer as a "buddy" for this terrific program please contact challenger division head jim karpe at challengers@westsidebaseball.org







 
wsll code of conduct
          wsll has developed the following wsll code of conduct that applies to all participants and spectators, in all divisions.

 
wsll medical release forms
        every player must give a completed wsll medical release form to their coach at the first game or practice of the season. this form must be filled out and signed by a parent or guardian. coaches should bring these forms to every game and team practice.
 
wsll safety code
          please read the following wsll safety code. it outlines what the league does to promote safety on the field, and what you must do to make this the safest possible experience for your child. baseball bat information

 













| contact us |
copyright © 2025 west side little league








west side little league © 2025

