


yogi tea – tea mixes of selected herbs and spices




















 

























en 
                                                







englishdeutschitalianoespañolfrançaisnederlands 



















our teasyogi tea®spice teasherbal teaswhite/black/green teachailoose teabestsellerfruit teasyogi®yogi tea® for the sensesabout usour storyour purposeour processyour careerlearnayurvedayoga videosblogmindfulnessyogi tea® on icedo goodrecipesyogasustainabilityaromatherapyayurvedaall 






 




en 
                                    







englishdeutschitalianoespañolfrançaisnederlands 




























explore our teas















our story
teas, community and purpose inspired by ayurveda.


learn more













our process
creating naturally delicious, high-quality teas.


learn more













our purpose
supporting quality, sustainability and social responsibility.


learn more














for the love of tea
we’re tea people through and through and believe that a life fully live begins with a steaming cup of deliciously purposeful tea. explore, discover and learn everything you need to know about our tea varieties, including where and how their ingredients are grown, brewing tips and flavor notes.

explore more                                    











delicious teas for every taste and occasion!   get inspired!


















yogi tea®
inspired by ayurveda


















yogi tea® for the senses
inspired by the power of essential oils






discover more









yogi tea® foundation  we exist to inspire!
we believe in and follow one guiding focus: fostering global well-being. guided by that purpose, we support a wide variety of meaningful projects and initiatives that all share the common theme of promoting human well-being around the world. our support is focused on projects that are global, local and connected to sustainability.

discover more                                    








yoga for inner harmony
inner harmony is a precious asset, and this sequence will guide you to it. in this video we will show you six exercises to help you ground yourself and restore your inner harmony.

discover more                                    













star salutation
be inspired by the celestial glow of lights and treat yourself to a moment of connectedness.
with our new special blend of tulsi, mint and lemongrass, your daily yoga session will turn into a wonderful experience.
 
open yourself to the stars and the universe and learn more about the star salutation in yoga.

discover more                                    












tea talk












                                            doing good                                        

yogi annual sustainability report


read more













                                            tea                                        

our quality


read more













                                            recipes & diy                                        

rice pilaf with crunchy vegetables


read more








                            see blog                        



















follow us


 


yogi usa







our teas

yogi tea®yogi®yogi tea® for the senses 





about us

our storyour purposeour processyour career 




learn


ayurvedayoga videos 





contact & service

contactcareersfaqimprintmedia library login





©2023 yogi® all rights reserved.

sitemap
|
terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
cookie consent















                                    certification notice                                

























