










domestic appliances in andover, hampshire | walworth appliances











































 









    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    




 






facebook
twitter
instragram
blog
 


 andover











toggle nav









search






search






        advanced search    





search










 

 my account


basket




























delivery & collection
help the planet
 






                        menu                    




home
cookingaccessoriescookersfreestanding cookersdual fuelelectricgashobselectric hobsgas hobsmicrowavesfreestandingcombistandard microwaveintegratedcombistandard microwaveoven & hob packsovensdouble ovenselectricgassingle ovenselectricgaswarming drawersextractorscanopy hoodsceiling hoodschimney hoodsdowndraft hoodsintegrated hoodsisland hoodsventing hobsvisor hoodsrange cookersdual fuelelectricgassplashbacksbeveragecoffeefreestandingintegratedoutdoorelectric bbq grillsdishwashersaccessoriesfull sizefreestandingintegratedslimlinefreestandingintegratedfloorcareaccessoriescylinder vacuumsupright vacuumslaundryaccessoriestumble dryersfreestandingcondenserspin dryerventedheat pumpintegratedwasher dryersfreestandingwashing machinesfreestanding washingintegratedrefrigerationaccessorieschest freezersfreezersunder counterunder counteruprightuprighttable topfridge freezersfreestandingintegratedicebox fridgesintegratedunder counterlarder fridgesintegratedunder counteruprightunder counteruprightside by sidenon plumbedplumbedwine cabinetsintegratedunder counteruprightsmall appliancesdehumidifiersfansheatersironskettlessinks & tapsboiling tapssinkstapssink & tap packstoastersvacuum cleanerscylinderuprightair fryerstelevisiontelevisionshome & outdoorelectric mobilityelectric scooterschristmas sale 





























 






 


 









  









  









  









  









 





















 







as a leader in supplying appliances in andover, we understand the importance of finding the right appliances for your home. often, they can be the most significant purchases you will make in the year, so get it right the first time with some of the biggest brands in home appliances nationwide.
 

featured products


 

 

















 


                                        bosch hhf113ba0b 59.4cm built in electric single oven with 3d hot air - black                                    

eu datasheet





now
£279.00




was
£299.00



save 
£20.00

 

add to compare


add to wish list








 
add to basket





                                                                                                            rapid delivery available                                                                                                    




 

















 


                                        beko dtlce80041w 8kg condenser tumble dryer - white                                    






£279.00

 

add to compare


add to wish list








 
add to basket





                                                                                                            rapid delivery available                                                                                                    




 




big brand domestic appliances in andover and online
our extensive experience selling domestic appliances tells us that a brand is often just as crucial as the appliance itself. whether you favour a brand due to its reliability, advanced features, or because they have served you well in the past, we have a vast range of branded appliances, so you're sure to find your favourites. we have an excellent selection of many household names, such as;

aeg appliances
beko appliances
bosch appliances
candy appliances
hotpoint appliances 

plus, so many more. please take a look through all the brands we regularly stock to find your next appliance today.




cooking appliances


dishwashers


floor care appliances


laundry appliances










the kitchen is the heart of the home. make sure yours is kitted out with everything you need to make baking and cooking a time for memories with our reliable stock of cookers, hobs and other cooking appliances. 

washing up is a chore no one likes to do. make the task much more enjoyable with our range of high-quality dishwashers. we provide freestanding and integrated to suit all kitchens.
keep the floors clear of mess, dust and dirt with the top brands' best vacuum cleaners. we are proud to sell a broad selection of lightweight to upright vacuum cleaners to suit all needs and homes.
if your clothes suffer from marks, holes or smells, and you can't figure out why perhaps your washing appliances need an upgrade. explore our washing machines and dryers today. 







refrigeration appliances


small appliances


televisions








small, large, under the counter or integrated, if you are looking to upgrade your fridge or freezer, we have everything you need. we offer some of the best brands to ensure they last for years. 
from toasters to air fryers, we stock a collection of small appliances to ensure you have everything you need for your home. take a look through our stock today and get everything you need in one place.
tvs can bring a family together or kill a few hours of free time. they can help you work from home or just relax after a long day. we have many big-brand tvs to upgrade to and experience hd content.







                            shop by brand              
        







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































main showroom & offices
centurion house, central waywalworth ind estandoverhampshiresp10 5antel: 01264 367708email: sales@walworthappliances.co.uk 



customer information

about us
delivery information
fridge / freezers
contact us
terms & conditions
privacy & cookie policy
 



follow us on:

facebook
instagram
twitter
blog
 



latest news

















                                top tips for extending the life of your freezer                            


 december 13, 2024| posted in tips and advice|  153                        

proper maintenance and upkeep can extend the lifespan of your freezer, ensuring you don't need a replacement before it's necessary.





                                    read more                                















                                buy more time and take away the stress of entertaining this christmas with a dishwasher                            


 november 22, 2024| posted in tips and advice|  143                        

make christmas stress-free with a dishwasher! save time, energy, and water this holiday season.





                                    read more                                







 














        loading...    






back to top


 © walworth appliance centre. all rights reserved.


                ver ssd340r_wp11_245_(4af37c7c)            


 

