observer and eccentric newspapersnews sports business life entertainment obituaries legals  city champs! livonia stevenson takes care of 'unfinished business'photos: novi girls basketball vs. northvilleis it too cold to go for a walk? what to know in michigandealing with flooded basements: a few tips to stay safe krispy kreme, hulu roll out new doughnut flavors in… how to stay safe while shoveling snow. what to know in… are city offices open monday? what's open and closed on… cast your vote for hometown life's prep athlete of the…  'coast-to-coast winter storm' on way. where it will snow… is it too cold to go for a walk? what to know in michigan  dealing with flooded basements: a few tips to stay safe  tracking michigan snowfall totals: where it piled up more in news city champs! livonia stevenson takes care of 'unfinished business' photos: novi girls basketball vs. northville  cast your vote for hometown life's prep athlete of the week more in sports two michigan dogs will compete in puppy bowl xxi today: what to know  first raising cane's in metro detroit is opening tuesday in canton  michigan celebrities affected, react to los angeles wildfires more in entertainment developer proposing 514 new homes in canton neighborhood  sheetz stores planned for novi, farmington hills, highland  salvation army's new thrift store in novi set to open more in business sometimes i wonder if 'fix the damn roads' haunts gretchen whitmer's dreams andrea bitely  if trump gets his way, our weather forecasts could get really weird  it’s time to let go of the past, detroit. let the boblo boat sink. nancy derringer more in opinion cariuma x star wars sneakers are on sale for $32 for a limited time only!  all-clad slashed up to $750 off cookware sets at this presidents day sale  dooney & bourke purses are on sale for less than $100 more in shoppingenter now! enter often!       contests       comics       more in conteststracking michigan snowfall totals: where it piled up spring break in another country? advisories for michigan travelers when will my 2025 tax refund arrive? when the irs sends your money microchip company save this life shuts down. what you need to do michigan is about to get even colder. what to know monday nightabout us staff directory careers accessibility support site map legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x archivesjobs cars homes classifieds shopping 10best localiq© 2025 www.hometownlife.com. all rights reserved.