


job timer - home



















....::::: home :: download 
          :: videos :: contact 
          :: support :: purchase 
          :::::....



:
            shut the side menu off or this web site is best viewed with a screen
                resolution of 1024x768 or higher
 job timer is the  very first program to track time spent on a project using a computer. developed by doc design   using dos and was publicly accessable in 2001 and then went public in september of 2003 and has been the leader ever since.  job timer 3 is the flagship of the 4 versions of job timer and certainly the most popular.  
job timer is designed to keep track of how much time 
            you spend on a job.
            it helps you figure out the cost of a job. editable fields so you can name 
            your section and price and customizable for each customer. it also 
            includes a built in printable invoice.
job timer is like your personal assistant for the computer,
             it will start programs automatically for you, it will keep track
            of  your computer usage (mouse clicks and keyboard strokes) warns
            you  if you use it too much. lets you know when your first break,
            lunch  time and second break, and it will let you know when it's
            time to  go home. it has as a built-in alarm to let you know of an
            upcoming  event. it keeps track of your time spent on the computer;
            adds up  your costs for each job then it prints out an 
            invoice. tracks entry's in a log, you can make notes to your
            entry's  as you wish, edit your notes and it will track your invoices
          for you.
 job timer automatically  stops the timer if you walk
          away from the computer and it will resume when you come back. a reminder to let you know that if the timer has stopped and your on the computer it will ask you if you are working on the current project loaded. if you walk away from the computer for a long period of time then instead of starting the clock automatically it will ask you if you are working on the current project loaded. 
all this in one little program, and the important thing
            to remember here is that it's not complicated, it's as easy as "start,
          stop and print, job timer does the rest for you. 
 

using chrome or edge and the menu bar does not show up?  click here

affiliates and awards
job timer features 
click on image above to change to the next image.
          click here to enlarge job timer 4 screen shot
          click here for more screen shots. 
          to view the job timer 3 main control panel video click here. 
      introduction 
          video job timer is easy to setup too! there is an easy and understandable
           setup wizard for job timer 3 & 4 that makes setting up the software
          a breeze. setting up your customer information is a snap and easy to
          retrieve.  automatic invoice numbers or you can create your own. 
retrieve a recently opened project and save the last 
          project in one click using the recently opened projects tool.
view all invoices due or view only the ones that are due 
          today. a reminder will show if you have invoices that are due today.
keeping track of your time and invoices has never been 
          so easy.
 

optional small control panel that stays on your desktop.
           (job timer 2, 3 & 4 only)
          to view the small control panel video for job timer 3 then click 
          here.
        after your update the small control panel will be available for windows vista. 
 

optional application bar (job timer 3 & 4 only)

features 
          for the following:








 comparison chart       
job timer adjusts the cost of your project every minute. so you get 
          up to the minute accuracy in the job costs. 
          to ensure that you're time is completely accurate there is a "time 
          check" that checks it's self every 10 seconds. 
          if by chance the clock goes out of sync, it will adjust itself automatically. 
          
to see more information on time check 
          click here. 
launch your favorite application right from the control panel and 
        it starts the clock automatically.
advanced or simple modes so you can have just 
          a simple timer or you can choose to include all the features that the 
          program has to offer.
you can literally hit start, do your work - come back 
          and hit "print invoice", it's that simple! please download your copy 
          today. a free trial version is now available, for more information about 
          this, please visit our downloads 
          section.
importantly; job timer does not record everything you do on the computer, so you can be rest assured that your personal information is safe. you have total control of job timer and with time check and smart timer technology job timer is very accurate in keeping track of your time. job timer is the original computer time keeper. accept no imitations and save yourself a lot of headaches, too much is riding it.

customer quotes:
"as a firm of technical consultants with hourly rates, we have 
          found job timer to be invaluable in providing our clients with accurate, 
          quantifiable charging information" - mike  - http://xclaimtechnology.xclaimprojects.com
 "excellent product!" "above average customer service!" 
          - david@candlevolt.com
"you've been the best tech support i have ever dealt 
          with." - anonymous
"this is really an awesome program!!" - anonymous.
"we are impressed with the quality of your product 
          and encourage you to keep this high standards in the future." - 
          softpedia
"i think it's great how you take care of your customers!
        the software giants should take a few lessons from doc design!" - brian          
 
i will add your comments to this page 
          if you request it, i will keep your identity a secret unless you request 
          otherwise. 

affiliates and awards.
 
..... .........  
............ 
          .............  .........  .......  ..  .
.................... ...........

.. ............ ........... .............
..............  .................
 .............. ........... .........
  ........... ............ ........
 .................
.........







job timer is copyright protected, 2003 - 2021 doc
             design
all technologies contained are protected by copyright laws. 
job timer has been registered with the united states trademark office  (teas) 
site design: group21


