




































































press of atlantic city | news | read breaking news for atlantic city, and the atlantic county area of new jersey. the latest weather, crime, politics, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















40°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school live



professional



betting



casino



local entertainment


event calendar



arts & theatre



music



movies & tv



comics



games & puzzles



play




lifestyles


contests



people



travel



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



special sections



press of atlantic archives



today's ads



flavor




our publications


flavor




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



manage my events



contact us



photo submissions



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

jobs

entertainment

lifestyles

public notices









40°
sunny/wind
























        
        
            vote for this week's press high school athlete of the week

the press will select six high school mvps each monday of the winter season based on their recent performances. 

















        
        
            millville woman dies in route 55 crash

a millville woman died friday afternoon after the vehicle she was driving collided head on with an suv on route 55, state police said.

















        
        
            atlantic city beach bar pool plan draws opposition from condo residents, councilwoman

residents of an atlantic city condominium complex and the councilwoman representing the area are asking a state panel to reject a proposal for a pool at a nearby beach bar.

















        
        
            atlantic county prosecutor's office sergeant injured in fall dies

an atlantic county prosecutor's office detective sergeant seriously injured in a fall last week died friday, according to his obituary. 

















        
        
            mike trout changing positions for angels: 'i'll try it out and see where it goes'

tempe, ariz. — los angeles angels oft-injured star mike trout is moving from center to right field in hopes of better preserving his health. 

















        
        
            democrat parmenter to run for atlantic county surrogate

educator and galloway township board of education member sherri parmenter said monday she will seek the democratic nomination for atlantic county surrogate.

















        
        
            ocean city's mike lombardi is belichick's key guy at north carolina

chapel hill, n.c. — michael lombardi is a key piece of bill belichick's foray into college coaching, the general manager charged with reshaping north carolina's program into a mini pro franchise. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            new jersey bill clarifies that people can access the ocean or wet sand near it without a beach badge


















        
        
            mayor says wildwood crest could pull out of beach project agreement



















        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 17















                
                the latest



















        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in press of atlantic city. 




















        
        
            north wildwood to dedicate monument to gold star families

vfw post 5941 and north wildwood will host a dedication ceremony may 10 to dedicate the north wildwood gold star families memorial monmouth and reopen veterans memorial park.





















        
        
            south jersey neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in press of atlantic city. 





















        
        
            gallery: mike's seafood run/walk for autism in sea isle city

now, in its 17th year, mike's seafood run/walk for autism drew about 5,000 people saturday, including 2,200 participants, a presidents day weekend tradition in cape may county every year. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ap top stories february 17 a




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            2025 national league cy young futures: top picks & long shots




















        
        
            exploring 2025 world series odds: dodgers favored, nl value bets












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            scarlett fletcher leads ocean city to cal tournament win

scarlett fletcher scored 17 points to lead the 10th-seeded ocean city high school girls basketball team to a 43-38 victory over seventh-seeded mainland regional in a cape-atlantic league tournament second-round game thursday.




















        
        
            high school schedule for friday, feb. 14, 2025

high school schedule for friday, feb. 14, 2025





















        
        
            watch: mainland girls swimming wins s.j. public b title

mainland regional held off shawnee 89-81 to win the south jersey public b championship thursday at gloucester county institute of technology. 




















        
        
            absegami hires former lacey township assistant as head football coach

absegami high school hired former lacey township assistant warren smith jr. as the braves' head football coach. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    










sponsored








        
        
            simple ways to be more sustainable in 2025

with the new year in full swing, many are using this time to make new resolutions for the year. whether your goal is to hit the gym more or to try new things – a big one that many are focusing on for 2025 is to be more sustainable.  if you’re hoping to be more […]




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            a guide to choosing the perfect prescription glasses

contributor content. choosing the right prescription glasses can vastly improve the quality of life of the wearer while also adding a stylish addition to their wardrobe.












contributor








        
        
            empowering women in business: the role of ai in professional growth

contributor content. attempting to make a name for yourself and forge your own path within your field of choice can be an exceedingly difficult and trying thing to do.












contributor








        
        
            how to calculate damages in a new jersey car accident

contributor content. were you injured in a car accident due to another driver’s negligence? an experienced car accident attorney may be able to help ensure your rights are fully protected.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            hoy's 5&10 - 7th & ashbury ocean city



                                        7th & asbury avenue, ocean city, nj 08226
                                    



 website






















        
        
            micchelli's pizza ii



                                        3121 fire road   unit e, egg harbor township, nj 08234
                                    






























        
        
            eowyn's pet services



                                        4944 moss mill road, egg harbor township, nj 08215
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

newsletters

contests

all access faq

join our team

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise

digital marketing

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        press of atlantic city	, cornerstone building1201 new road suite 240 linwood, nj 08221
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































