



































    home | lindsey's resort | little red river
  


 

 

 














              
  

   

350 rainbow loop, heber springs, ar 72543

  

check out the map


  



     

 

 




  

reserve your stay now




       home



  about



  stay


   log cabins



  rv & campgrounds





  play


   guided fishing



  boat rental



  events





  dine


   menu





  corporate retreats



  contact











    
 





        lindsey's resort
  on the little red river



   lindsey's resort on the little red river


   welcome to lindsey's resort in heber springs, arkansas! world-class fishing and hospitality since 1965 
lindsey’s resort in the ozarks on the little red river has been serving families and groups in arkansas for more than 50 years. you’ll come for the fishing and stay for the fun - with rustic log cabins and camping, the pot o’ gold restaurant and nearby attractions like greers ferry lake, several great golf courses, the ozark folk center and more.   

learn more


  




       

  stay

  

button




  

  events
  

button




  

  play

  

button




  

  dine

  

button










   lindsey's resort is tucked between the pines with views of the little red river. here is a tranquil arkansas vacation where the only sounds you'll hear are the ones coming from the birds and fishing lines being cast into little red river. surrounded by nature and all that it offers you, this is an arkansas ozark getaway that you'll remember for years.at lindsey's resort, you will find cozy log cabins, breathtaking views, and a campground for a more rugged-style outdoor experience. our conference center holds up to 150 people and our restaurant offers catering. combine the best of ozarks nature with comfortable, charming lodging and you'll find yourself at lindsey's resort - home of the world-record german brown trout!


  
 m a k e  y o u r   getaway m  e  m  o  r  a  b  l  e 
check out our in person shop! we are constantly changing and updating our merchandise.


       
  "great place. beautiful scenery, cabins nice and roomy. the food at the restaurant was fantastic."


  

rick toth



 
  "we loved this place so much! we only live about an hour away but just wanted a quick little getaway. we are so happy we landed here. our cabin was perfectly located as it faced the water. it was very clean and the staff was very friendly."


  

meredith young



 
  "this place is a hidden gem. peaceful, quiet, rooms with everything you need. the cabins are immaculate!"


  

jack morris









  


   leave us a review!  
  



    


  












      



   address 350 rainbow loopheber springs, ar 72543phone: 501-362-3139fax: 501-362-3824
  


 office hours    sun - thu
 8:00 am 
- 6:00 pm


 fri - sat
 8:00 am 
- 8:00 pm







    lindsey's resort





   

     

 

 





 



     © 2025 
lindsey's resort | powered by flypaper 
| all rights reserved | privacy policy























































































































  
  share by:








