 








commercial real estate | cr properties group | hudson valley















































   





↓ skip to main content








cr properties group, llc(845) 485-3100




 (845) 485-3100












home
search property listings
businesses for sale
investment
buy / lease
sell / rent
off-market properties
why hudson valley ny?
about us
contact us
















search our listings



property types
hospitality
industrial
investment
land
medical
multifamily
office
retail
special purpose
































location is key.


let cr properties’ team of experts help you find the best property suited to your professional needs.










about cr properties
based in the hudson valley region of new york state, cr properties is a comprehensive brokerage firm specializing in premiere commercial real estate properties for sale or lease since 1983. our team of brokers will help you every step of the way – providing expertise in site selection, negotiation and facilitation of approval and permit processes.
learn more
email us






view our sales & lease listings


apartment complexes
automotive
business opportunities
development
entertainment
hotel & motel
industrial


investment
medical
office
recreation
retail
restaurants
senior housing


view all listings














buy, sell or lease
commercial property in the hudson valley

















learn why the hudson valley would be perfect for your business!
















premiere property
260 boardman road, poughkeepsie, ny
cr properties group is pleased to offer for sale a 80,000 square foot, 34 acre corporate campus; located in poughkeepsie, ny, which is the center of the hudson valley. poughkeepsie is 75 miles north of new york city on the metro north and amtrak train lines. the complex was built by ibm as a research & development center; most recently utilized by poughkeepsie day school. the site is ideal for a corporate headquarters, think tank, satellite campus concept. suitable for use as a research and development facility, educational center, arts, science, medical center, non-profit or religious organization. the campus contains two buildings. the contemporary, one-story elizabeth c. gilkeson center, built-in 1964 (56,125± square feet) was renovated most recently. classrooms, laboratory space, library, dining area, as well as the 300-seat, james earl jones theater, a recording studio, and a regulation-size gymnasium with outdoor recreation fields.
highlights


gymnasium & cafeteria
accommodates 200 plus students
9 restrooms
17 active classrooms
administrative & executive offices
municipal water & sewer & septic
300 seat theater
library, science, art, dance, music rooms


learn more
email us





 


















cr properties group, llc
commercial real estate sales and rentals
licensed in new york & connecticut
295 main street, poughkeepsie, ny 12601
poughkeepsie, ny 12601
(845) 485-3100
www.crproperties.com - info@crproperties.com










home
buy / lease
businesses for sale
sell / rent
about us
join our team
why hudson valley
contact us
blog
privacy policy
 



 









 







© 2025 cr properties group, llc. all rights reserved. all data believed to be accurate but not warranted. 

















