







 wedding officiants, justice of the peace wedding, wedding ministers 

















 marriage license or wedding ceremony questions? click here to speak to rev. louis right now at 1-888-886-6075
click here for a free, personalized wedding ceremony package and guide,











toggle navigation









home
our services
free, personalized wedding ceremony guide
about rev. louis conselatore
for those who want a quick, simple wedding
our ministers and officiants
reservations, deposits & payments
communities served
testimonials
our pledge to you
faqs
contact us
types of ceremonies
ceremony ideas
readings, poems & prayers
guide to other wedding services
getting a marriage license
changing name after marriage
what marriage truly is
love & marriage quotes
funny wedding pictures
funny wedding videos
baby blessings baptisms & christenings
for ministers, officiants, jps & celebrants only
links










a beautiful affair of the heart grew out of my passion and love for wedding ceremonies. i, rev. louis conselatore, have personally officiated over 1000 wedding ceremonies over the last twenty years and helped design thousands more. the demand for my services has grown exponentially by word of mouth from newlyweds long before this website ever existed. there is obviously a great need for caring wedding ministers and officiants who go the extra mile and deliver an extraordinary ceremony. couples want someone to officiate their wedding just like i do: warmly, expertly, professionally, lovingly, and joyously. 
                        

                        in order to serve brides and grooms at the highest levels, i have searched for and chosen an exceptional group of the finest ministers and officiants to work with me. the ceremony is the central event in all the happiness and celebration that surrounds a wedding. thus the officiant needs to be a qualified professional who can provide an exceptional, joyous, personal, and memorable experience for everyone. in essence, i have already done for you all the due diligence and background work that any couple should do when they are engaged and looking for a minister, officiant, rabbi, priest or other member of clergy to officiate their wedding. 


                        
                        wedding officiants are not "cookie cutter." there are huge differences in style, presentation, warmth, joy, love, comfort, charisma, appearance and energy. i know you want the absolute best for the most important day of your life. therefore, i have chosen to work with only those ordained ministers and officiants whose work, personality and spirit are "a cut above."


a beautiful affair of the heart is now an elite group of the finest wedding ministers, officiants, justices of the peace  and pastors who consistently deliver incredible wedding ceremonies. we are all solo practitioners from different paths who share the same vision of giving engaged couples the wedding of their dreams. we are recommended by the finest wedding sites and have married couples from all over the world. you and your guests will forever love and cherish your unforgettable ceremony. we totally and unequivocally guarantee it. 
                        

a beautiful affair of the heart is all about love and we cherish and celebrate all walks of life. truth is one; paths are many. we accept and marry people of all faiths and beliefs including christian, catholic, protestant, muslim, jewish, buddhist, taoist, inter-faith, native american, nondenominational, hindu, a course in miracles,  earth-centered and every other path to the divine. we also marry people who are spiritual, non-religious, agnostic or atheist. matrimony is all about love. so if you are in love and want to be married, we are here for you. and if you like, we enjoy bringing your ethnic traditions into the ceremony and have done so on many occasions including asian, italian, indian, greek, filipino, rostafarian, russian, african, persian, spanish and many others. 
                        



                        as wedding officiants, we specialize in personalized, custom-designed weddings that can be religious, civil, interfaith, non-denominational or spiritual. we are also bilingual wedding officinats who speak spanish, italian and many other languages. we have done all types of weddings, including renewal of vows, second marriages, anniversaries, handfastings and elopements. 


                        

                        you may want your wedding to be formal, traditional, contemporary or elegant and we take pride in giving you precisely what you expect and hope for. or you might prefer a  quick, simple wedding. you could go to city hall or the courthouse but most couples feel that the ministers and officiants of a beautiful affair of the heart can make their wedding more joyous, beautiful and romantic. they are absolutely right!  



                        

                        initially, we will send you a free personalized wedding package which can be customized so that it reflects your own unique path, style, values, and personalities. be sure to visit our ceremony ideas section for different rituals, suggestions and tips. you may craft your own marriage vows and incorporate anything that speaks to your heart. our readings, poems and prayers section has some wonderful possibilities including bible and inspirational passages. you may also choose to include others in your ceremony, especially children and parents. you have total creative control yet we guide you expertly and gently. of course, after your beautiful ceremony, we also take care of filing the  marriage license and any other requirements. we always remember that we are here to serve you. 


                        

                        we welcome the opportunity to meet with you to discuss and implement your vision of  your wedding nuptials. we do this without charge and before you make any commitment or decision. for busy couples, we can get to know one another on the telephone and through the internet without having to meet in person. either way, we make you totally comfortable that your wedding is going to be absolutely wonderful and everything you want it to be. 

                        

                         we are mobile ministers, available on short notice, who aim to please. we can be dressed however you like, whether that be a suit and tie, minister's robes or anything else you have in mind. we can travel to wherever your ceremony will be. thus, your marriage ceremony may be performed at a location of your choice, including venues such as your home, cottage, garden, beach, hall, museum, park, restaurant, hotel, reception hall, chapel, church, or anywhere that might be meaningful to you. 

                        

                        getting married is one of the great joys of life. we make sure that stress doesn't overwhelm the joy of becoming husband and wife by sharing our vast experience, wedding resources, ideas and love.  your engagement and ceremony should be a magical time and so we focus our energies and efforts to support you, and help you and your guests experience your perfect day... your way. together, we will create and participate in a wedding ceremony that will be remembered and treasured forever.
                         



                        we invite you to browse this web site for more information and to get a free personalized wedding package which is packed with vital information about who we are, where we are, fees, locations, ceremony ideas and more. if you have immediate questions or need any other information regarding your wedding, please contact us by phone at 1-888-886-6075 or via email at info@abeautifulaffairoftheheart.com  we look forward to participating in your special day. you are in good hands and we promise you that your wedding ceremony will be remembered and cherished forever. 
                        



read all of our wedding reviews on our
a beautiful affair of the heart
storefront at









 



















