





  

	perth patios | your trusted patio designer, builder & installer





























get your free onsite quote. fast free quote










fast free quotes

navigation
homewhy uscommunity involvementour companyvirtual tourmeet the teaminterest free* patiospatio designsgable patiosdome patiospyramid patioship end patiosflat roof patiosraised flat patiosskillion patioscarportscustom patios3d patio designs & walkthroughscommercial patio designs roofing designscolorbond® steelsuntuf® polycarbonatesolarspan® insulated steelsunpal® multiwall polycarbonatecool top® polycarbonatec-dek centenary steelsunpal® sunlite endfillpolycarbonate roofingsteel roofingtestimonialsblogcontact us



brochures

faq

shire approval

links




facebook   google +   pinterest





great aussie patios





 




brochures

faq

shire approval

links




  08 9493 7115
fast free quotes 




homewhy uscommunity involvementour companyvirtual tourmeet the teaminterest free* patiospatio designsgable patiosdome patiospyramid patioship end patiosflat roof patiosraised flat patiosskillion patioscarportscustom patios3d patio designs & walkthroughscommercial patio designs roofing designscolorbond® steelsuntuf® polycarbonatesolarspan® insulated steelsunpal® multiwall polycarbonatecool top® polycarbonatec-dek centenary steelsunpal® sunlite endfillpolycarbonate roofingsteel roofingtestimonialsblogcontact us







download your free great aussie patios brochure now.
free brochure
get your free onsite quote.
fast free quotes
















































  

gables




 


domes




 


pyramids




  

hip ends




 


flats




  

raised flats




  

skillions




 


carports













perth patios - design, build & install
behind every great house, there should be a great aussie patio.
at great aussie patios, we understand how much our customers love their houses.
with over 20+ years of experience building new outdoor patios, pergolas and carports, and 10,000+ happy customers, we have developed a solid reputation as an established, trusted and professional perth patio company.
whether you’re needing to stay cool in the heat of summer, warm and dry during winter, or want to add value to your home, great aussie patios have a variety of outdoor patio designs perfect for any space.
from gable patios and dome patios right up to skillion patios and flat patio designs, our high-quality perth patios are second to none.
however, at great aussie patios, we don’t just specialise in designing, building and installing custom patios.
we also have a range of durable and functional carports and pergolas available, each made from high-quality australian-made materials such as colorbond® steel.
our unparalleled customer service and many years of experience allow us to consistently exceed our customers' expectations.
at great aussie patios, we will always strive towards providing you with a customised, tailored solution to your home improvement needs.
our perth patios, carports and pergolas are renowned throughout western australia.
we take provide in the fact that we have continually delivered a quality home improvement service at a cost-effective price since 2000.
for the best outdoor patio design ideas and inspiration, feel free to explore our blog section.
it’s full of tips and tricks on how to create the perfect outdoor living space and enhance your home with a unique style and living ideas.
 
 
 
 



why choose great aussie patios as your perth patio builder?
 
here are nine great reasons for choosing great aussie patios for your perth patio design and installation:
 

1 experience:
	our highly skilled and experienced team of perth patio builders can design and install a custom patio, carport or pergola quicker than anyone else in perth.                        
2 free quotes:
	we can usually provide a fast and free quote onsite at your home within 3 days.
	 
3 warranty:
	our workmanship has a 6-year warranty. at great aussie patios, you only get quality full-time installers who take great pride in their work.
	 
4 quality:
	when building a new patio, we use only the best quality materials. all of our patio builds are constructed using australian colorbond® steel.
	 
5 value:
	our low-cost business model means that you gain maximum value and save money with our very competitive perth patio prices.
	 
6 easy:
	our friendly and efficient staff will handle the entire shire approval process for you, saving you the hassle of paperwork. we will make the entire process of designing, building and installing a patio stress-free.
	 
7 service:
	our company’s number one priority is you, the customer! no matter how big or little the patio job is, our professional staff will always put you first.
	 
8 interest-free finance:
	with our 12 months interest-free finance options available, you can start enjoying a new patio space sooner than you thought!
	 
9 style and design:
	with up eight different outdoor patio designs available in our range, and the option for custom-designed patios, you can rest assured great aussie patios can build and design the very best outdoor living area for your space.



   





    

covid-19 precautions
at great aussie patios, our primary focus as a company has always been and will continue to be the welfare of our customers and staff. click here for more information about our covid-19 health and safety precautions.
 
testimonials


i had four other quotes from all the big companies but had to choose great aussie patios. you were very prompt with your quote and a lot cheaper. my whole patio experience was outstanding and i was treated with respect. i will recommend great aussie patios to my friends.

mirella vitetta
lynwood, perth

read more online & handwritten testimonials
                                                 
 









customer reviews
don't just take our word for it. see what they’re saying about us on these sites.










 





request free quote
our patio expert will meet, measure and provide you with a formal quote on the day.
  08 9493 7115 fast free quotes







great aussie patios
1/15 alloa rd
maddington, perth, wa 6109


perth showroom
monday - friday: 8.00am - 4.00pm
saturday: by appointment.
 
 


get in touch
p: 08 9493 7115
e: info@greataussiepatios.com.au


be social
facebook   google +   pinterest   instagram








                              copyright © 2025 great aussie patios | sitemap

privacy policy



                              website by clue & powered by mintox

















