





kentucky lake cabins – convenient location. cozy accommodations. community setting.



























		skip to content










 





home
accommodations
area info
contact
 







 







 







main menu

 









home
accommodations
area info
contact
 












kentucky lake cabins

convenient location. cozy accommodations. community setting.






our accommodations




the “o’brien”
spacious and comfortable – sleeps up to 15 people with plenty of room for everyone.

book now






the laurelwood
newly constructed and sleeps 6- 8. one bedroom, full kitchen, laundry, and sleeping loft. 

book now






rv/camper sites
pull-through and 2 minute walk to lake. water, 30-amp electrical, and sewer.


book now





kentucky lake is one of the largest lakes in the united states, featuring hundreds of miles of shoreline.  from fishing to boating to outdoor recreation, kentucky lake has it all!





about kentucky lake cabins

nestled in a quiet lakeside neighborhood adjacent to the big sandy basin in springville tn,  kentucky lake cabins is a nearly 3 acre property with one large log cabin and coming may 2023, three premium pull-through rv/camper sites, and a newly constructed luxury one bedroom cabin with loft.
plenty of parking for your boats and trailers.
fire pit, picnic tables and lots of open areas to play with your friends and family. 
2 minute walk to the lake.
marina and boat ramp are located across the street.

nearby attractions >>>







visit kentucky lake
there are many things to do and places to go in the kentucky lake area!  one of the largest man-made lakes in the united states, kentucky lake is an outdoor-enthusiasts dream!  whether you’re looking to go fishing, rent a pontoon, go hiking in land between the lakes, or explore some of the area’s history, you’ll find many fun-filled and relaxing options at kentucky lake.















 









 
kentucky lake cabins
535 antioch cove road
springville, tn  38256
(731) 214-0514
lambertlegacyproperties@gmail.com

copyright © 2025 kentucky lake cabins | designed by explore kentucky lake marketing services
 













