






hot pilates and hot yoga naperville | hot yoga naperville, il 60540
































































630 219 3033 , 6304507406
hotyoganaperville@gmail.com



facebook




twitter




google




instagram


  





facebook




twitter




google




instagram



new students
schedule & classes
workshops and events
  
 
 










about us
teacher training
pricing
schedule
yogatv
contact
business
covid
 


select page


  
 



 



 

















happy new year 2025  — $89 per month for new yogis and 12 month contract. buy online or text 6304507406
groupon is only for new clients and can not be used more than once. unlimited groupon does not include reformer classes. 
pre-recorded/audio classes are not for beginners.
we offer teacher training for yoga (ryt 200), pilates and reformer. work trade option for free training/free class is available  
discover the transformative power of heat and movement with our range of classes designed to enhance your physical and mental well-being:


bikram yogaconducted at 104°f with 40% humidity, this practice is perfect for improving joint health, memory, and mood. scientifically proven to reduce depression, it’s a holistic boost for body and mind.


inferno hot pilatesheld at 95°f, this high-energy class focuses on muscle building, toning, and boosting your mood while challenging your strength and endurance.


reformer pilates (heated and non-heated)ideal for body toning and fluid movement, this class caters to all fitness levels with a blend of strength and grace.


rejuvenate your body, uplift your spirit, and join us in a space where heat meets harmony.




 
our classes are small and intimate, so you’ll always get the personalized attention you need. and our instructors are passionate about helping you achieve your goals. pre-recorded/audio classes are not for beginners.
at hot yoga naperville ( registered yoga school by yoga alliance), we believe that yoga and pilates are the perfect complementary practices for achieving a balanced life. that’s why we offer both in our studio. bikram yoga is a great way to build strength, flexibility, and stamina, while pilates is an excellent way to work on your core muscles and improve your posture. both practices are low-impact and gentle on the joints, making them ideal for people recovering from injuries. more details about benefits 


   
 
 
 
 



hot yoga & hot pilates in naperville is a wellness studio serving the community since 2003. you can choose from bikram, pilates, fusion, yin, cardio dance. learn more about us.

 
 
 
 



schedule

 
 
 


 
 
if the schedule does not load click here.

 
 
 
  


 
 
 




login mbo  contact hot yoga naperville
400 s. main street
naperville, il, 60540
630 219 3033
  types of classes we offer * bikram
* hot pilates
* fusion
* yin yoga
* ashtanga

  hot yoga napervillefb
instagram
linkedin
youtube
    
 





facebook




twitter




google




instagram


2020 copyright © hot yoga naperville  

 
 
 
















