































high quality light equipment for professionals
































wholesale company selling to commercial customers only. all prices without tax.


english
                









menu




search
















 login 








                cart
            





special offers



novelties

lighting



audio



hardware



music instruments



decoration



accessory



brands








close menu



  special offers  



 novelties
                



  lighting  


  audio  


  hardware  


  music instruments  


  decoration  


  accessory  


  brands  

english








search















        this shop requires java script in order to work properly. please make sure java script is enabled.
    












search
















 login 








                cart
            



















compact pro
futurelight dmb-100: powerful beam moving head with 100 w and a beam angle of 1°


take a look














leave it out in the rain
futurelight ip plb-420: outdoor moving head with 1° beam angle


take a look now














look into my rings
hypnotic effects thanks to led rings and frost effect: futurelight pro slim strobes


discover them now
















futurelight wds-crmx tx ip wireless dmx transceiver outdoorweather-proof wireless dmx transceiver, ip65stock for approx. 6 wk(s)299,00 €add to cart


futurelight wdr usb wireless dmx receiverwireless miniature dmx receiver with lumenradio technology, 2.4 ghzstock for approx. 12 wk(s)79,90 €add to cart


futurelight profile 200, 20-45°pro profile spotlight, warm white 200 w led, zoom, cri >90, extremely quietstock for approx. 12 wk(s)999,00 €add to cart


futurelight dmb-100 led moving headpro beam moving head with 100 w cob led, 1° beam angle, gobo and color wheel, 2 prisms and quickdmx portstock for approx. 12 wk(s)priceon demandadd to cart


futurelight dmh-640 profile cmy moving head spotprofile moving head with 640 w cob led, motorized shutter blades, large zoom, cmy+cto color mixing and animation wheelstock for approx. 12 wk(s)priceon demandadd to cart


futurelight eye-1940 qcl zoom led moving head washpro washlight with 19 osram ostar 40w rgbw leds, large zoom range and pixel controlstock for approx. 12 wk(s)priceon demandadd to cart



















spots







moving lights







laser







light control













news








cablefinder
find your cable







futurelight dmh-160 mk2
a proven concept, even better now









futurelight dmh-640
convinces with its powerful 640 w cob led and cmy color mixture







equipment cases
discover now









futurelight dmb-100
beam moving head with efficient 100 w led







futurelight dmh-380
powerful moving head with cmy color mixture










professional lighting solutions for you

professional and reliable lighting solutions for demanding applications: 
                since 1994, futurelight has been the premium brand in the lighting sector of steinigke showtechnic. futurelight offers intelligent solutions for elegant lighting of stylish buildings or striking lighting effects at entertainment events.
                
it is the brand's highest priority to manufacture first-class products with cutting-edge technology – conventional and led-based – and meet high quality standards at the same time. with futurelight, steinigke showtechnic has established a new price segment for professional lighting. impressive examples are the introduction of the moving head spot mh-660 in 1999 – a milestone at that time - or the eye moving heads with leds in 2006.
                







show more



mood, emotions, interaction with the audience: all this can be influenced by the right light and appropriate lighting of your event. do you want to give your audience a feeling of coziness or the impression of pulsating action at a concert or the performance of a play? then rely on professional lighting technology from futurelight, our premium brand in the lighting sector. since 1994, we have been providing professional, reliable lighting technology for demanding event technology applications. we are particularly proud of the fact that futurelight has succeeded in establishing a new price segment for professional lighting as a brand, while at the same time meeting the highest demands: already with the moving head spot mh-660 in 1999 or in 2006 the presentation of the first eye moving heads with leds.
                        futurelight offers you high-quality and intelligent lighting technology for a variety of events. in our online store, you are guaranteed to find the right lighting solution for your next show, event or professional exhibition stand. you will find the following lighting technology as well as the matching accessories in our store:



static spotlights
high-quality, exciting, innovative: futurelight's professional lighting technology offers a wide range of design options in terms of light. in addition to conventional lighting technology, our range also includes intelligent lighting. among other things, you will find static spotlights such as floodlights, par cans, ml spots and much more in our store.  these provide the right basic light on your stage, but also in the construction of your store or your exhibition stand. today, many of these devices make use of led technology.


moving lights
of course, we also offer professional moving lights for stages, clubs and other events. in this product category, you will find for example our moving heads, scanners and moving effects. while the static spotlights create the basis for your lighting, the moving lights bring movement and dynamics into your light show. here, we at futurelight rely partly on discharge lamps and partly on energy-saving leds to support you in professional lighting, depending on your requirements.


lighting control
just as the selection of the right lighting technology depends on the conditions of your event location, the right equipment for the individual design of stage lighting, for example, is also of great importance. futurelight offers you not only high-quality stage technology but also appropriate accessories of good quality. the control or remote control via wireless dmx is no problem here. of course, in addition to conventional spotlights, highly modern led panels can also be controlled with the appropriate accessories without any effort – entirely according to your needs.


around the lighting technology
just as the selection of the right lighting technology depends on the conditions of your event location, the right equipment for the individual design of stage lighting, for example, is also of great importance. futurelight offers you not only high-quality stage technology but also appropriate accessories of good quality. the control or remote control via wireless dmx is no problem here. of course, in addition to conventional spotlights, highly modern led panels can also be controlled with the appropriate accessories without any effort – entirely according to your needs.
                            in the assortment of our wholesale, you will of course also find illuminants, leds, lamps or cables to keep your professional lighting technology always up to date.
                            you are not yet sure which par spotlights, dimmers or led lights are suitable for you? do you have questions about the technology behind a product? then feel free to contact our staff for a consultation. we will be happy to inform you about our luminaires, lighting effects with leds and the latest trends in lighting technology.










please wait while the page is loading...
our brands our sales brands opening hours:open - closing at 5:00 pmmo.-th. 9:00 am - 5:00 pmfr. 9:00 am - 4:00 pmcollection:mo.-th. 9:00 am - 4:00 pmfr. 9:00 am - 3:00 pmcontact:+49 931 4061 600info@steinigke.deaddress:steinigke showtechnic gmbhandreas-bauer-str. 5d-97297 waldbüttelbrunnmemberships:about-uscontact and approachsupportcareersocial mediapresspaymentshippingdata privacyterms and conditionsimprintappsmethods of payment:pay in advancehire purchaselogistics partners:advertising material:download main cataloguessocial media:












