





obcbsa – old baldy's council tips on human growth hormone, testosterone replacement therapy

















skip to content



obcbsa

				old baldy's council tips on human growth hormone, testosterone replacement therapy			

get started
hgh

hgh
information
hgh benefits
hgh for antiaging
therapy
bodybuilding


product reviews

product reviews
natural gh releasers
injections
drugs
oral sprays


anti-aging

anti-aging
diet tips
lifestyle
fitness










back
								




 








where to purchase hgh products? 

over the last few years, several hgh products have been launched in the market.
naturally shields the skin from damaging free radicals, that have been directly tied to premature aging.
gone are the days when there had been no means to measure the effectiveness of a particular item. if your family is prone to skin dilemmas (psoriasis, acne, sagging skin, etc.) you’ve probably to take extra precautions to protect your skin. i have done my research and this is the reason i will not use any other anti aging skin care product, because i realize that the only solution to a beautiful , healthy, wrinkle free skin is to find a skin care product in the form of hgh anti aging products and amino acids supplements which will allow your skin to create its own collagen and elastin.
a lot of women choose to add vitamin b benefits to their repertoire of such products. in order to provide the most comprehensive product lists on the web our editors test products, browse reviews, and thoroughly do their research to ensure all products are quality and highly recommended. after toweling down, apply the lotion, serum, or cream which will nourish and protect your skin for the rest of the day or night.
these factors lead to excessive oxidation of collagen and elastin fibers leading to wrinkles, dullness and sagging of the skin. items with these will assist give you long term benefits and a more healthful look to your skin with regular use. a detailed analysis of wrinkles implies that they start showing up whenever skin fails to produce a protein called ‘collagen’.
anti aging cream
no one wants to try looking in the mirror and find themselves faced with fine lines and wrinkles, and you do not have to, because there are numerous anti aging products for your skin. fda is worried about drug claims made for products marketed as cosmetics, such as skin care products with anti-wrinkle or anti-aging claims that include supposed effects on the framework or function of the skin.
protecting your skin at an early age could be the best way to prevent them, but if you are already there, find a product with retinol, ahas, and hyaluronic acid and stick with it.
while a lot of people relate amazon to hgh books, this business now offers a vast array of products, anti aging services and products being one category. protect yourself from additional skin damage by making use of a high spf sunscreen with uva/uva filters – every time. understand that lots of people make a living out of the, and we should only buy products from trusted sources.
it is really so effective that moisturizer is the secret ingredient in a lot of anti-aging products. the time when products were full of chemicals have progressed into items that have all natural ingredients that do the job of eliminating wrinkles but in a healthy, non-toxic way.
although there are a lot of dental anti aging skincare methods, most of the treatment options are topical: applied directly to the skin. you need to always keep a very important factor in mind that the products available for sale are very costly. it could be a very demanding process choosing the most useful anti aging cream; nonetheless, it is all simple if the requirements of a top-notch skin care solution are known. the main facets of skin aging are prolonged exposure to sun rays and loss of hormones. there are a whole lot of anti aging skin items and systems obtainable in the marketplace today. any natural ingredient will work better as an antioxidant which targets the main problem of wrinkle appearance.
it will not be false to say that there are merely a limited number of companies which manufacture genuine anti wrinkle products. the sunscreen part contains ingredients that protect your skin from not merely the burning uvb rays, but also the aging uva rays.
glycosaminoglycans is the most powerful antioxidant on the planet and any product with this ingredient will help protect your skin much more than items without one. retinoids can reduce acne , shrink enlarged pores, even out skin tone, treat precancerous skin lesions, and build collagen while speeding cell turnover. they causes dryness, chapping and almost unbelievably they can cause premature aging.
apply after a shower – when you step out of the shower, your skin is clean and hydrated. nonetheless, for the untrained eye and those without any knowledge of what the ingredients are, numerous people are wasting their cash on ineffective products which simply do perhaps not work. i’m 60+ years young while having tried many products which are ridiculously priced and show little or no results.
focus on sunscreen and moisturizer: dermatologists agree that sunscreen and moisturizer will be the two most-effective anti-aging services and products you can purchase.
normal anti aging products should do several things to enhance the skin’s overall appearance. beyond that, unless it’s in the correct form, it won’t actually penetrate the skin anyway, curtailing whatever minimum results that small amount might have had. proper exercise and balanced food will help much in countering the aging effects.


posted byeditorjune 5, 2017posted inhgh products 



what ingredients are most effective in enhancing hgh naturally? 

while i have talked about the growth hormone releasing ingredients and supplements in the past, here is a more straightforward report that pinpoints the best ingredients that can enhance growth hormone naturally.
interestingly, the list mentions the phosphatidylcholine group, which is supposedly an awesome ingredient for many reasons and for its immense benefits on brain neurons, and pituitary that releases growth hormone.


posted byhghbloggerdecember 29, 2014posted inhgh information, hgh releasers 



hgh injections more unsafe than any supplement, survey confirms 

when i started doing kettlebells, i needed something desperately to ramp up my workouts.
kettlebells are one of the few devices that really are one-size-fits-all in regards to being usable by people of all ages and fitness levels. once you master the initial steps you will be able to maneuver on and you will feel confident to maneuver on with your zumba workout.
one supplement that helped me immensely during workouts was hypergh14x, a supplement containing alpha gpc, and dhea. a new survey identifies it as a potential alternative to hgh injections. the survey documented the users experience with side effects and benefits of hgh supplements and the brand they used was hypergh14x.
while the most sensible way to think about weight loss is as part of a standard effort to get and stay fit. while they claim to be able to guarantee a number of inches, there may be some unwanted effects. more and more women are “over” aerobics classes and the trendy treadmill arena.
oz did quote a study similar to serovital’s, a very similar supplement to growth factor 9 which again is very similar to hyper gh14x, he did not mention serovital specifically in the show. this diet program triggers your body to release a lot more fat-burning hormones and less fat-storing ones.
methods will be presented to enable you to gain 10 pounds in two weeks. you will find them operation in gyms, health clubs, leisure stores, yoga centers, hospitals and also at independent client homes. using this supplement the user can expect to acquire all round results that will provide him the physical stamina and mental vigor he needs and best of all it is free of any side effects.
you know those big balls, which let you do ab workouts. when it comes to body building and releasing muscle growing hormones in your body, not many exercises could compete.


posted byhghbloggeroctober 7, 2014posted inhgh benefits, hgh information 



interesting analysis of hgh usage by women 

can women take hgh as an alternative to hrt?
supposedly, this article proposes so. this opens up a plethora of windows. among the main points –
1). women naturally make more human growth hormone than men.
2). estrogen is proven to be linked to hgh.
3). exercise and natural supplements can help women increase hgh naturally.


posted byhghbloggerseptember 15, 2014posted inuncategorized 



are amino acids in an ingredient sufficient enough on their own to enhance hgh? 

well, it’s been quite a time that we see hgh anti aging products coming and going in the market. but, every now and then something creates enough curiosity in the anti aging market.
this year, according to yahoo finance, at the academy of women’s health’s 2013 annual congress, serovital, a new hgh product changed the attitude of many healthcare providers on the rising popularity of growth hormone therapy.
here is what other news channel have to say about serovital, interesting news indeed.
this is the actual report they’re referring to.
few things to note in this study –
– just an amino acids based product is not going to be of much help
– gaba, phosphatidylcoline, deer antler velvet are crucial ingredients that can’t be missed
– an hgh product which is basically “pills” should include enteric coating.
quality of ingredients is a big issue. read more on what ingredients should be on the list.


posted byhghbloggerseptember 11, 2014posted inhgh for anti-aging, hgh products 



are dairy products making you older 





dairy products and the process of aging
dairy products and milk are the next important food groups which cause human bodies to really have difficulties. remember, the milk which you find in supermarkets will not even keep a calf alive since the milk that we human drink is either pasteurized or heated. when this is done, it automatically removes all the nutritional benefits associated with raw milk.
but as they say, even cow’s milk, in its natural condition cannot be consumed by human beings and infact a cow’s milk is not created for humans to drink but rather it is meant for its calf as the original milk is too heavy and rich in calcium.
it can obstruct and block our system. if we go to think closely the commercial milk can be deadly. more than half of the american population is lactose intolerant. therefore, we will never be able to digest cow’s milk even though it would not be reduced to some kind of non food state when we heat.
milk as we all know is principally designed for kids and infants, so that these infants reach a stage where they will not require drinking milk any longer. we humans are the only species in the whole world who drink milk continuously throughout our growing stage, that too milk carried out from an altogether different species.
the fact is that, after drinking milk, we will not be able to process it and therefore it begins to clog inside our system. the content of calcium in milk is very heavy. our body is not able to utilize milk as deposits in our joints which eventually builds up arthritis caused due to calcium accumulation over a period of time. it can really be fix but the question is how ? well, most importantly, first and foremost remove or at least minimize the dairy products list from your diet.
most of the dairy firms promote milk in such a manner that it becomes difficult for us to resist drinking milk. they pass milk as a nutrient that helps in providing strong bones which is actually not good for humans.
according to dr. spreen, from the ‘health science institute’ has mentioned that homogenized and pasteurized milk does not even attain the qualification as food.
dr. spreen advocates that the homogenization process of milk breaks up and begins to eradicate its enzymes by way of heating. he additionally states that the enzyme xanthine oxidase, in its changed state can even enter the blood stream of human beings and begin reacting against the walls of the arteries which can cause our body to safeguard the area filled with a layer containing cholesterol. this can be very serious.
when milk is skimmed, it makes it harder for all the balance nutrients to get absorbed, according to dr. spreen. he further declares that ‘the calcium gets absorbed better when the milk fat is present (nevertheless the high levels of fat found in a whole milk is meant only for very fast growing baby cows or calf and not for baby humans).’
1- the calcium found in milk is not completely absorbed.
2- there is never enough quantity of magnesium that are found in milk.
 
3- there has been evidence that the antibodies made by our body for ingesting milk are very closely connected with the antibodies which destroys the islet cells (i.e. the producers of insulin) in the pancreas are found mostly in cases of diabetes in juvenile.
 
4- we must also realize that milk contains herbicides, pesticides, fertilizers and also bovine growth hormones.
trans fatty acids
one of the worst types of foods that we consume today is food which contains trans fatty acids. we can find this so called trans fatty acids in most of the fast foods and other highly processed foods. one of the principal examples of this deadly acid is included in the famous ‘oreo cookies’. the job of trans fatty acids is to cover the cells of our body.
cells are having a special process for osmosis by which the cells are able to carry in the nutrients and spread the waste materials. but then, trans fatty acids decelerate and block this process thereby making the cells corrupt and fragile.
non stop tiredness is regarded as a direct outcome of us eating meals containing trans fatty acids. these acids also can create chaos in our brain chemistry. they tend to inhibit all the receptors and chemicals all over our body.
too much toxins in your liver may slow down the quantity of calcium assimilated by the system. as outlined by author and restorative proponent kevin trudeau, you are subjected to organ-damaging contaminants right from your birth. cleansing of the liver via a liver cleanse might help eliminate toxins and enhance your liver function for maximum calcium absorption. having said that, liver cleansing is not clinically verified to assist liver function.
a great deal of toxins in your system can result in an overstressed and bombarded liver, declares chiropractor dr. edward group. getting rid of toxic compounds by making use of a liver cleanser might enhance the overall health of your liver for appropriate calcium absorption.
liver cleansers could have antioxidant herbs and vitamins, for example milk thistle and the vitamins c and e. fasting with water, lemons and an herbal-blend stimulates your liver to discharge toxins..
proteins, fats, and carbohydrates:
are you aware that experts now claim that heated carbohydrates are toxic and that heated fats are toxic, but we have not examined heated protein yet?
is it perhaps because of the enormous power and dollars in the meat business which supplies their products like, over 40,000,000 hamburgers a day globally?
there are actually three forms of basic molecules that all meals are comprised of: carbohydrates, fats, and proteins.
sugars and starches are carbohydrates (carbs). carbs can be found in fruits, vegetables, grains, pasta, and bread.
proteins can be found in meat, dairy, vegetables, fruits, grains, and the majority of foods. meat and dairy incorporate largely protein and fat. nevertheless the protein levels in fruit and veggies is a lot more balanced and healthy.
and the protein quantities in nuts is greater than in fruit and veggies while also getting perfectly healthy. the protein in nuts is much more digestible and beneficial to your system than the protein in meat and dairy.
there is a catch 22 situation if you are considering eating meat for proteins. fats can be found in meat, dairy, nuts, oils, avocados, olives, coconuts, and durian (an exotic fruit).
meat and dairy can cause diseases when eaten unheated and the fats inside them turn into hazardous when heated as all fats do. consequently meat and dairy are not appropriate approaches to acquire fats. our tissues require fats. these should come predominantly from nuts, avocados, hemp seeds, hemp oil, flax oil, olive oil, flax seeds, olives, coconuts and durian in an organic state.
a more lenient anti aging diet would involve only healthy toxin free fish, if meat is to be taken.
calcification
calcification is building up or hardening of unsolvable calcium salts in various parts of human bodies where they begin to interfere with the normal functioning of our body. most of the times, the deposits are found in and around the joint area, but at the same time it can also be seen in the kidneys, arteries, nerve sheaths, heart valves, glands, gall bladder (formed as gall bladder stones), the middle ear and last but not the least, even our brains.
these salts get deposited in any part of the human body and they mostly get noticed only when it begins to cause trouble for us or when they are being noticed on x-rays.
arthritis – this is considered as one of the most common illness caused due to calcification
arthritis occurs when calcium deposits begin to settle within the joints of the human body. calcium salts that stick to synovial membranes or any kind of moving surfaces of a joint can be very rough and painful as the joints are considered to be highly sensitive.
once these deposits begin to settle, it makes our movements very agonizing. as the building up of the calcium deposits progresses, it eventually becomes difficult even for mobility, until the deposits on both the joint surfaces reach together to cement the joint.
this process of cementing or fusion is known as ankylosis. during this period, a patient will not suffer from any pain since there will be no more movements in the joints.
kidney stones
when calcium begins to build up in the arteries, the inner areas of the arteries first get roughened by crystals of uric acid which keeps sticking to it.
uric acid is produced when we consume meat, mainly because animal cells include a high quantity of nucleic acid (rna and dsa) which first begin to break down into purines and then further breaks down into uric acid.
after the uric acid further breaks down into allantsin which are so minute in the shape that it is able to pass even through the kidneys. to pass through the kidneys, it requires the use of the enzyme uricase which human beings are unable to produce but only carnivorous animals like dogs, cats and other omnivorous animals like rats and hogs (they are also known as scavenger animals) have enzyme uricase in them.
uric acid travels past the kidneys at a very slow rate and causes the acid to build up within the blood stream in crystal form towards the veins and arteries and also allows the formation of stones within the kidneys.
high blood pressure (high bp)
when the uric acid crystals begin to provide a corrugated surface, there begins a series of cholesterol and calcium salts that get stuck to it, thereby creating a formation of atherosclerotic plaque which blocks the artery.
in more advanced cases, the walls of the artery begin to weaken and eventually deteriorate, and the deposits of calcium strengthen it, but ultimately make the artery very brittle and stiff.
before this happens, reducing the opening of the artery can cause high blood pressure since the heart begins to pump with extra vigor to move the blood all through its system.


posted byhghbloggerapril 23, 2013posted inanti-aging, diet tips 



the french paradox and healthy aging 





did you ever hear of the “french paradox”? should you see the best-selling diet plan book called french women don’t get fat, you definitely are aware of this paradox indirectly.
it’s due to this: french people consume about fifteen more grams of total fat daily; yet on the entire, they’re less obese than americans.
unusually, a typical person in france consumes just about one-third extra fat from animal meat every day which is completely in contrast to an average american. it means that a french eats one-third extra fat than an american every day.
a french diet, on an average consists of plenty of butter, pork and cheese. all these are packed with lots of saturated fats which are completely ‘unhealthy for the human heart.’ the remainder of the fat for average americans is derived from different types of vegetable oils, but mostly the oil that is used by americans is soybean oil.
what’s more, the french have a fairly low occurrence of heart disease, despite their diet being full of the kind of saturated fats found in meat and cheese that people usually warn people to consume less food of.
but the million dollar question is, why is it that american males suffer from almost three times more developments of cardiovascular diseases when compared with their counterparts from france, in spite of the fact that the american diet consists of one-third percent less fat than what their french counterpart consumes?
it is crystal clear that we need to figure out some of the best foods that have to be consumed is far more complex than what one actually thought.
as it turns out that trans fats (produced via manufacturing methods to solidify liquid oils) lead more to coronary heart issues than saturated fats. americans have usually been eating lots of hidden trans fats until recently when producers needed to start listing trans fats on food labels. consuming less of both trans and saturated fats continues to be a broadly recognized recommendation for improved heart health.
the worst component your food might contain is trans fat.
otherwise, here is a quick run-down of a few of the horrible stuff that research indicates may be the result of a diet full of trans fat:
* coronary heart disease (raise bad cholesterol and lower good cholesterol)
* stroke
* diabetes
there then exists some (albeit less) evidence that trans fat may also cause:
* cancer
* obesity
* liver dysfunction
* infertility
read more about the trans fats here.
keep in mind that, trans fat may be the worst component your food could contain. and, you know what? junk food is really the most typical place you will find this evil type of fat. junk food is also the place you will find the greatest amounts of it.
it’s high time you should be thinking to eliminate the trans fats you have consumed so far by dissolving them and eliminating via organic green juices
the french drink red wine , which to some extent is known as a heart friendly drink. the alcohol contents of the red wine along with some of the selected ingredients that are included in the wine are known as antioxidants which can prevent a person from cardiovascular diseases as it helps in increasing ‘good’ cholesterol levels and also protects the artery against any damage.
well, those reading this article will be very pleased and happy to know that red wine is a great drink and will probably hope of having a glass of red wine along with your evening meal but as we all know that physicians and doctors are against drinking any sort of alcohol as alcohol in general has plenty of dangerous ingredients which can affect our body in the long run.
resveratrol might be one of the key ingredients that is included in red win which helps in preventing any sort of damages to our blood vessels and also helps in reducing the ‘bad’ cholesterol and controls blood clots.
some of the studies have also proved that resveratrol might also be linked to a low level of blood clotting and inflammation, which further reduces any likely chance of having a heart attack.
different types of fats
fats are classified into 3 different groups. they are known as saturated fats, trans fatty acids & monounsaturated fats.
you must remember that saturated fat must be eaten in very low quantity mainly due to the fact that eating more saturated fats can lead to an increase in your cholesterol level thereby leading to a higher chance of a heart disease.
those who eat food which are high in saturated fats can run a higher risk of getting diabetes & certain types of cancer. saturated fats are mostly found in meat & dairy foods such as pork, beef, butter and cheese.
trans fatty acids are also a threat to the health of a persons heart and cholesterol level. studies have proved that eating too much of trans fatty acids can lead a person to contract diabetes where the ratio can be higher as compared to a person who eats saturated fats.
trans fatty acids usually gets formed mostly when fish oils & vegetables are hydrogenated. most of the products which are high in trans fatty acids are french fries, chips, donuts, cookies & many other snacks. in short almost all fried or even baked foods are rich in trans fatty acids.
the best type of fat that is healthy for your health and which can be included in your everyday diet is known as monounsaturated fat. monounsaturated fat is mostly found in plants like vegetable oils, avocados, nuts etc.
a human body makes use of such types of fat to help strengthen their cell membranes, support the nerves & hormone functions and even produce hormone type substances such as prostaglandins, which are mostly connected for preventing heart diseases & cancers.
important fatty acids which help in decreasing health risks
there are 2 types of unsaturated fats which are very important for a human being to survive. they are known as omega-6 (linoleic acid) & omega-3 (linolenic acid). since human bodies do not have the ability to manufacture both these unsaturated fats on its own, you must try to obtain these acids from the foods that you eat.
omega-6 (linoleic acid) is very common and can be found in many vegetable oils. always remember to buy your vegetable oils which come in amber (gold colored) or green colored bottles, since exposing other colored bottles to sunlight can destroy the freshness of the acid and can make the oil contaminated.
it is advised to purchase these vegetable oils from any health food store near you. most of the normal vegetable oil which is found in grocery shops are often processed and produced for mass distribution, and hence there are high chances that these oils are full of free radicals,(the substances which can damage cells) – & trans fatty acids.
omega-3 is present in soy, walnut, flax, fish, and canola oils and in dark green, leafy vegetables. it is particularly crucial to ensure that you augment your food plan with sufficient omega-3 fats, because the american diet is usually lacking in this nutrient.
any doctor who treats cancer patients will suggest getting enough omega-3 in the diet because it is a great protector from many types of cancers, particularly breast cancer. while the ideal ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 should be between 3:1 and 4:1, research conducted recently demonstrated that most people have twenty times the level of omega-6 than omega-3.
getting a sufficient amount of omega-3 by consuming fish also provides health benefits for
ladies. the well-known nurses health study, which observed 84,000 nurses over 16 yrs, indicated that the more fish the women ate weekly, the lower their chances for coronary disease.
according to the journal of nutritional biochemistry, eating fish or taking fish oil health supplements decreased cholesterol and triglycerides as well as decreased inflammatory markers (markers pertaining to heart attack) in postmenopausal women who were utilizing some kind of hormone replacement treatment, and yes it basically reversed some of the unwanted risks for heart disease brought on by hrt.
this is especially significant since a woman’s chance for cardiovascular disease after the menopause gets the same as a man’s.
flax oil is yet another rich source of omega-3 as well as all other essential fatty acids, and that’s why bodybuilders usually blend it into their protein drinks. it is better ingested not in capsules but in liquid form to assure freshness and quality.
the next time you’re dealing with a green salad, try using a tablespoon of flax oil as the dressing, or half a tbsp. blended with sunflower oil or maybe a little vinegar. you may even lightly brush this over meat once it has been fully cooked.
mixing flax oil together with low-fat cottage cheese helps your body to utilize it, considering that the sulfur content of cottage type cheese enhances the effectiveness of the oil. ground flaxseed, which you can spread throughout your breakfast cereal or your salad, include in baked bread or muffins, or blend into a protein drink, is another great way to obtain omega-3.
some other resources for unsaturated fats
some other acceptable providers of unsaturated fats contain hellmann’s light mayonnaise, kraft light mayonnaise, smart balance soft spread (no trans fatty acids), and unsaturated corn oil. products for example promise, take control, fleischmann’s margarine


posted byhghbloggerapril 20, 2013posted inanti-aging, lifestyle 



a healthy rejuvenating bone marrow defines your health and hgh 





rejuvenating the bone marrow
well-being is defined as “a healthy balance of the mind, body, and spirit that result in an overall feeling of well-being.” attaining a nutritious balance is feasible using easy and basic steps. we look at major life areas where we can put into action easy steps (forget about resolutions!) to make health and well-being in 2012.
but what if i say, your health is defined by the health of your blood cells. in fact you are as healthy and young as your blood cells.
how would you like to imagine replacing your old blood which is inside your body with another set of new and young blood cells?
this situation is similar to extending your car’s life by a few years by changing its engine oil every couple of months. dr. kelley’s research proves that hgh replacement therapy and its effect on human body can be related to the life of a car when its engine oil has been changed. but in this case, it is not a car but a bone marrow that has to be filled. in short, what is happening is nothing but a bone marrow transfusion.
red blood cells, that contains plenty of blood is actually generated from the stem cells which is lying inside the bone marrow. stem cells keep reproducing inside the bone marrow and provide raw materials through which the red blood cells are produced. white blood cells are likewise produced in bone marrow from pluripotent & hematopoietic stem cells.

what exactly is bone marrow
bone marrow is a soft, mushy material located at the center of the bones. it produces bone marrow stem cells along with other compounds, which subsequently crank out blood cells. every sort of blood cell manufactured by the bone marrow has a crucial function:
red blood cells transport oxygen to body tissues
platelets assist blood to clot so that you can stop bleeding.
white blood cells combat infections.
abundant with healthy and nutritious elements, bone marrow actually constitutes an extremely appealing meal source for animals and also for humans in several civilizations.
there are even bone marrow recipes for your health. read here – http://www.marksdailyapple.com/bone-marrow-recipe
an interesting new investigation shows, basically, that the more you workout, the more you can figure out the fate of your bone marrow stem cells, activating these to turn into advantageous bone cells instead of fat cells.
the stem cells additionally promote the t-cells which develop fully within the thymus. researchers found out that the bone marrow both of the old human beings and also rats were growing to be decreased in their progenitor cells, the mother cells that basically produce all of the blood cells.
however this disappearance, such as the thymus shrinking, turned into reversible. whenever dr. kelley provided growth hormone to the old rodents, the progenitor cells come back.
scientists think that the problem lies not in the stem cells, which can outlast the human life span, but in the environment of the bone marrow where these stem cells sit.
“somehow the hormones act to overcome a block. the thymus involutes, the cellularity goes away in old folks. you give them growth hormone and they both come back.”
having healthy bone marrow and healthy bones
if you would like strong, healthy bones, frequent exercise, such as weight-bearing workout routines like weight training, is crucial. keep in mind, bone-building is a dynamic course of action, so you should ensure that you apply adequate force on your bones to excite your osteoblasts to construct new bone.
additionally, bone is living cellular material that demands recurrent work out to be able to replenish and repair itself, so you should make working out an ongoing perseverance.
peak bone mass is established at maturity after which it goes on a gradual decline, but workout can assist you to sustain healthy bone mass as you get older.
weight-bearing workout is essentially just about the most successful treatments versus osteoporosis, as your bones are very permeable and soft, and as you get more aged they are prone to turning into less dense and therefore, more fragile — particularly if you lead a sedentary lifestyle.
growth hormone might be one of the most crucial factors which can enhance your bone and health and quality of red blood cells.
researchers likewise claim that supplements which are utilized for anti aging uses, like co-enzyme q10, deprenyl, as well as centrophenoxine, or melatonin should be filling the holes eventually left through the drawback of growth hormone and can help with having healthy bones as well. i talk about some of the most vitality enhancing nutrients and supplements on this post.
deprenyl, an antiparkinsonian drug that extends life span in rodents, slows the loss of the brain chemical dopamine, and there is some suggestion that dopamine deficiency may play a role in the slowdown of growth hormone with age.
melatonin, which is produced by the pineal gland and has been touted for its anti-aging effect, starts falling in puberty.
the decrease in melatonin might lead to the drop in growth hormone. and this might be the reason why melatonin is useful for you as it encourages growth hormone production.
co q10, a naturally sourced, vitamin such as ingredient of the majority of cells, that has recently been consideration to extend lifetime when it comes to animals, might impede the tumble in growth hormone.
when you set the pieces of proof altogether, this shows that growth hormone is a lot more central on the process of aging than a lot of people think.
there’s no doubt that aging, immunity, and longevity are tightly correlated. and also the standard thread running to them all could be the human growth hormone.
nutritional wellness and red blood cells- straightforward nutritional adjustments are also a good way to make an effect on wellness.
the debate on vegetarianism is going strong. experts now do suggest a meatless diet for the avoidance and administration of diabetes and cancer. nonetheless, a lot of people will not be willing to make such an extreme alteration to their diet.
fortunately, extreme changes are not required!
merely consuming more vegetables from the cruciferous family can make a long lasting impact on health. broccoli, cauliflower, and kale have profound anticancer advantages for men and women. scientific studies suggest cruciferous vegetables help the liver digest estrogen, which in turn has potent and very effective effects on breast cancer and confers a shielding effect on prostate cancer recurrence. and they have a tremendous effect on the health of your red blood cells.


posted byhghbloggerapril 7, 2013posted inhgh, hgh information 



are you satisfied with your sex life? few tips! 

there are several men including those above 40 years who feel concerned a lot about sex and their potential to carry out sexual activities successfully. it must be of the most popular concerns in the life of a man and it has an effect on his all round temperament in a good or bad way.
a man suffering from anxiety will most probably be one whose sex life is not very gratifying or who is convinced that he does a thing or two wrong when it comes to sex. it doesn’t make a difference if the spouse is not whining, the man nevertheless feels inadequate.
some males in fact invest a great deal of time pondering about this or that and they can’t be reassured to get their minds relaxed.
the biggest concern for any man who enjoys sex and wishes to have just as much as feasible is the classic “am i good enough?”.
this dilemma implies numerous elements, based on what the person sees as an obligation. it could imply “am i big enough?” if the man under consideration has an average-sized or little sized member.
it can also imply “am i mindful enough?” for the worried lover who likes to get the dining and foreplay part right.
it could also mean “am i truly providing her an orgasm?”. one of the big left unanswered concerns for males is whether their female partners fake it ?
your overall fitness and the amount of body fat you have can also be major factors in your sexual life. while decreased free and total testosterone levels can lead to increased fat mass, it could also be suggested that the decrease in testosterone levels in the aging male is the consequence of an increase in fat mass. in other words, there is a likely bi-directional relationship, the exact mechanism of which is still not fully known.
sexual health and fitness is the newest idea to drive its way into the widely accepted tradition of our times and, like the majority of other guidelines, it may sound straightforward, but needs a great deal of commitment.
and whether you’re among those people who like to night out with the buddies at the pub, or one of those who jog in the park and wish to be considered health-oriented, you must pay care about this new idea making headlines today. the rising sales of sexual supplements and enhancement pills like vigrx plus is a testimony to this fact.
the fundamental notion is straightforward: your reproductive health is associated with your state of overall health, meaning any misuse of your system will result in a loss of sexual efficiency.
any man who desires a superb love life ought to learn to deal with his body and, most significantly, to maintain his heart in top condition since a strong erection is determined by the normal blood circulation through the body.
processed foods which have toxins, in addition to any meals abundant with cholesterol should be retained to a the very least, whilst cigarettes, vast amounts of alcohol and all types of leisure medicines must disappear. a glass of alcohol occasionally will do you no damage, but do not consume over this smallest amount.
shedding off a chunk of weight along the way is not an awful idea, particularly if you are a handful of pounds obese and would love to eliminate that spare tire across the waist.
it’s also a good idea to heal up your body with juices and organic foods. yes, it all helps!
enhanced blood circulation to the pelvic area can be had via workouts that involve the lower section of the body, such as the quadriceps, hamstring and lower back.
stress, harmful foodstuff, long working hours, numerous pills and insufficient physical exercise are all components of this issue since they reduce the body’s potential for energy and, as a result, the capability for attaining robust and fulfilling orgasms.
simply adhere to these lifestyle tips and you will appreciate powerful erections well into your senior years. physical activities maintain the proper blood flow, retain your heart fit and boosts the manufacture of testosterone, three things which can be essential for your sexual conditioning.
influence of aging on sex
many symptoms that are found to accompany the process of aging and andropause in most men are somewhat similar to hypogonadism. we can associate some of the symptoms to reduction in testosterone levels which also includes the following –
sexual functions, coital frequency begins to reduce very fast as a person grows in age. this is about 4 times in a week for persons who are in the age group of 25 years and once per week for those who have reached the age of 50 years and 3 times a month for those persons who are in the age group of 70 years and 1.7 times in a month for persons who are within the age group of 75 and 79 years.
additionally, the mistreatment that we do to our systems is worsened by the procedure of getting older. at the age of 15, the erection is most rigid, but every 10 years that pass takes something away from penile rigidity.
impotence also tends to realize considerably as we grow in age. though we might not find it very common in persons who are below the age of 30 years but it has been noticed that almost 8% of the individuals who are over 50 years of age, 20% of the individuals who are over 65 years of age and close to 40% of the individuals who are over 75 years of age are impotent.
body composition. the total amount of lean muscle mass in an inactive individual reduces by around ten percent for each decade after age thirty. you may have lost 30-40 % of the lean muscle mass by age sixty.
aging comes with a reduction in lean body mass (lbm) as well as a concurrent major rise in fat mass. the loss of muscle tissue is linked to free testosterone levels and thus testosterone supplementation improves muscle tissue.
obviously life style factors may play a role, especially heavy drinking as well as cigarette smoking. within the past couple of years smoking has turn out to be recognized as a primary reason in reducing the blood circulation in the penile artery. when you are a smoker, letting go of cigarettes to help save your sex-life can be a stronger motivator than just merely protecting your life.
how hgh influences male sexuality
when the male potency tends to reduce, it can often be associated with the reduction of the growth hormones that is released within a human body. by the time a male reaches his puberty, the growth hormones are at its peak, during which period the boy will be in a persistent state of getting aroused though he might not be even aware of the reason why such arousal is taking place.
by the time he reaches into his young manhood, the time required between 2 erections starts to decrease. during this period, he is actually able to have sex each and every day and even several times in a day. by the time he reaches 40 years of his age, he might be down to about two to three times during the week and by the time he reaches 60 years of his age; he will be able to have sex just once per week or even less. during the same time, impotence begins to increase.
each and every time a study was conducted regarding the sexual functioning of males, it is always found to decrease with age.  as most of the growth hormone therapy studies depict enhancement in the sexual appetite and sexual performances, some anti aging experts passionately believe that growth hormone does play a very important role in the sexual health of a human being.
sexual hygiene
cleanliness is a foundation of modern society. it could be stated that hygiene has turned out to be one of those items that are probably overlooked. intimate hygiene is a component of the regular cleaning “ritual” and is deemed to be equally significant as all round hygiene.
the sex organs are more susceptible than other sections of the physique and often involved in close contact, which is why they must be as thoroughly clean as is practical.
as a way to wash the penis, you ought to begin at the tip using warm water, carefully clean both the glans and the inner portion of the foreskin. these measures will not result in any discomfort provided that you’re cautious when dealing with the most delicate areas of your system. ensure that the glans and foreskin are properly cleansed. it’s in the area between the glans and the foreskin that the white material referred to as smegma is created.
summary
incorporate growth hormone to improve your sex life. learn how to enhance hgh levels naturally.
avoid unhealthy foods and eliminate toxins. beware of junk food, soft drinks , sugar and more!
engage yourself in exercises especially those workouts which increase blood flow in the lower portion of the body.
clear your sexual dilemmas. if required, opt for some sexual counseling or a good “better sex” guidance course.
try yoga for better sex. here are some good links –
http://www.prevention.com/fitness/yoga/yoga-moves-yoga-better-sex
http://www.menshealth.com/yoga/yoga-for/workout_yoga_for_hotter_better_sex.php
maintain proper sexual hygiene.
focus on increasing testosterone levels.
better sex guides
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/132500.the_better_sex_guide
http://www.amazon.com/the-smart-guide-better-sex/dp/1890572012
http://www.askmen.com/dating/love_tip_250/250_love_tip.html/
http://www.amazon.com/the-better-guide-extraordinary-lovemaking/dp/1592333524


posted byhghbloggermarch 27, 2013posted inanti-aging, lifestyle 



will hgh really make you young and live longer? 





is hgh really the fountain of youth and anti aging?
the cells of our body get their potential to perform as controlled by the dna, a type of genetic material. dna is found to be located in the cell nucleus and which has got control of all the hormones, enzymes and proteins that is required to make the cell function.
the dna is nothing less than an army that is under continuous attack from the various ultraviolet light, oxygen free radicals, the heat from human bodies and some other types of harmful entities. in spite of the fact that the dna is able to fix all these attacks all by itself, it begins to lack in its ability to fight back and protect itself as a person begins to age.
at the same time, the damage will begin to start accumulating within the main cell power center, known as mitochondria which has its own dna. mitochondria are an organelle that is found mostly in eukaryotic cells and ranges from 0.5 to 1.0 micrometers in diameter.
until this period most of us could limit the dna’s wear and tear by consuming antioxidant health related supplements like vitamin c and vitamin e to help assist our very own defense.
but, now with the recent studies and research that have been conducted, it has been found out that the growth hormone (gh) and igf-1 can actually go a step ahead and take up all the required responsibilities which antioxidants were not able to handle.
both growth hormone and igf-1 perform functions like carriers by bringing to the cell all the necessary raw materials that are required for its repair and its restoration process. igf-1 reveals transporting the dna, rna and the nucleic acids directly in the cell nucleus where mostly the dna exists.
the nucleic acids can repair the damage caused to dna and also help in cell division. growth hormone prompts amino acids to be transported along with nucleic acids into the cell cytoplasm which is an area located outside the nucleus.
thereby, the growth hormone and the igf-1 do not simply proceed to limit the harm caused to the cellular structures and the dna, infact they help in healing the cellular structures and the dna. these are the two hormones that are infact considered to be the blueprint of aging.
growth hormone and longevity
does growth hormone extend the life span? when gerontologists talk about life span, they are actually referring to two different kinds. the first is the common life time, the age achieved by 50 % of the population.
it has tripled since roman times and is now about seventy-seven years in the united states. the other is the maximum life span, the age attained by the oldest individuals in a population. right now, this appears to be about 121 years old. most gerontologists wish to “rectangularize the curve,” that is, shift the median life expectancy nearer to the maximum to guarantee that a minimum of 50 % attain the post-one hundred mark.
this is exactly what blackman, who’s running the growth hormone trials at johns hopkins, thinks can happen with interventions, such as gh. “we tend to be incorporating years to life towards the intrinsic life span of people. unfortunately we cannot suspect that any treatment will probably affect the intrinsic maximum life span of people, but rather push people
life expectancies in the us
currently, life expectancy is at 77.5 years. this means that, on the average, a person lives to be 77.5 years old, barring unforeseen accidents or life-threatening conditions. however, it has to be noted that, as a person ages, his or her life expectancy also increases. that is because the person has already surpassed or survived many potential causes of death with every year that passes.
everywhere in the world, and for as long as anyone can remember, people have been obsessed with longevity or prolonging life. literature is teeming with stories of great quests for the fountain of youth and many others. each one is a testament to man’s fascination with immortality.
in many ways, this fascination with immortality still lives on, though in a different form. science and technology, while deemed to be key in improving the human condition, is also the vehicle by which the crusade for the fountain of youth continues.
breakthroughs in modern medicine all aim to make people feel better and live longer. research institutions all over the world are operating in full force to find cures for dreaded diseases such as aids, and other age-related illnesses. in essence, the goal of these enterprises is longevity, if not immortality.
as we might find, men and women who are taking hgh, some sort of life extension is already occurring. should you go by your feelings when you awaken in the morning, awake and excited as a child prepared to start your day, instead of feeling like you have to move yourself through another twenty-four hours, then when it comes to what you might accomplish, using growth hormone is like being handed twenty years.
consider, how often have you said to yourself, only if i were thirty years- old, i’d commence a new business; build a home; write a novel; sail all over the world; take up scuba diving, horseback riding, or in-line skating. with growth hormone replacement treatment, there isn’t any reason to believe you are too old to complete anything you have dreamed of doing. you can have all those years back again.
there is certainly enough evidence, that growth hormone treatment reduces your odds of dying prematurely from disease, that is yet another way of stating that it increases your odds of celebrating your 120th birthday.
if growth hormone can restore the thymus in human beings, and there is no reason to think that it won’t, then we have to enjoy the same freedom from illness in old age that we do at age ten.
how can we be so certain that growth hormone remedy will lengthen the average life span? simply because we realize what hormonal replacement can do. the outcomes of the biggest life extension experiment ever are already coming in. estrogen replacement therapy in postmenopausal women has cut their rate of cardiac problems in half and prolonged the life span.
anti aging and calorie restriction
usually, when we begin to grow older, the quantity of growth hormone and the igf-1 begins to reduce along with protein synthesis. new manufacture of protein is required for handling all the work of the tissues and the cells.
but specialists have found out exactly the opposite that has occurred in all the diet restricted animals. they have found out that young rats that were administered with a mild food restricted diet actually had lower levels of the secretion of growth hormone. and by the time they reached twenty six months of age, which is considered to be the old age for rats, their pulses of growth hormone were similar to that of a normal non-aged rat.
to summarize, restriction of calorie diet is known to reduce the metabolic rates and account the body to develop lesser damaging ‘free radicals.’
another belief is that it helps in reducing the triiodothyronine (t3) a thyroid hormone, which further brings down the rate of process of metabolism and the aging tissue.
what we were trying to explain above and relate, is that animals that are calorically restricted at a particular age have greater chances to synthesize proteins in their tissues.
many people who are thinking about life extension have without a doubt started their very own food restriction programs, reducing calories by 20-30 percent over what they usually eat. but this test shows that one of the key elements in life extension could be the rise in growth hormone.
you are able to achieve the same goal without undertaking a spartan diet that may be next to impossible to maintain.
and that future is golden indeed. scientists predict that the use of antioxidants, the first technology of anti-aging medicine, will add ten years to the average life span of seventy-seven years. growth hormone and other hormone replacement therapies are the second tier of anti-aging technology that may add another thirty years to the life span.
most medicines are designed to achieve a specific end. diet pills can make you lose fat, antidepressants can lift your mood, and sleeping pills can fight insomnia.
but growth hormone can do each one of these things and so much more.
the awesome power of gh to bring about total rejuvenation unlike any medicine that has ever existed can perhaps best be appreciated by the stories of the people who have experienced it firsthand.
other longevity factors
there are several factors that contribute to longevity. some more pronounced than others. some are myths, while others have been scientifically proven. in order not to add to the confusion, i find it better to focus on those that hold water.
there are those who say that delaying aging is tantamount to delaying death. this may sound like something a person peddling anti-aging pills in the market would say. however, there is a grain of truth to this statement.
how does one delay aging?
it is through proper nutrition, regular exercise, and maintaining a good disposition. a person who succeeds in maintaining a healthy body and a healthy mind has a greater chance of living longer as he is able to ward off age-related diseases, including alzheimer’s. keeping the mind at optimum condition enables you to make healthy choices that can lead to a longer life.
reducing stress level also prolongs life.
it may seem like a long shot but this has scientific basis. notice how you experience shortness of breath or sometimes hyperventilate when you get angry or agitated? blood pressure rises and, even after the stressor is gone, you still feel lightheaded?
frequent exposure to stress wreaks havoc in a person’s internal balance and may lead to more problems. a stressed out person generally becomes immuno-compromised that makes him or her more susceptible to sickness.
apart from these tried and tested roads to longevity, the advancement of anti-aging technology also shows much promise. as research delves deeper into the secrets of long life, people can look forward to living better and longer in the future!
subscribe to thehghblog and keep yourself updated as we fight against aging! :)z


posted byhghbloggermarch 24, 2013posted inhgh, hgh information 


posts pagination
1
2
3
…
7
older posts 







searchsearch

recent posts
where to purchase hgh products?
what ingredients are most effective in enhancing hgh naturally?
hgh injections more unsafe than any supplement, survey confirms
interesting analysis of hgh usage by women
are amino acids in an ingredient sufficient enough on their own to enhance hgh?



recent comments
no comments to show.




categories
 anti-aging

diet tips

feedburner

fitness

hgh

hgh benefits

hgh for anti-aging

hgh information

hgh products

hgh releasers

hgh therapy

hghreleasers

lifestyle

thehghplan

uncategorized


resourcesget started
why thehghblog?
anti aging tips by dr. sara
hgh profile on thinksteroids
hgh profile on sportsresource.org
information on hgh
bodylogicmd
breakingmuscle
thelingeriediet
greatist
buy-hgh-products.com
amino acids supplements
serovital
a guide to best anti-aging superfoods supplements
increase hgh naturally
body beast review on sportsresource
site map
 


obcbsa,
						
				proudly powered by wordpress.			








