ï»¿



























































									 


 				 		   colin austin  â© 
						 creative commons this document may be reproduced but the source should be acknowledged. 
						 information may be used for private use but commercial use requires a license.
this search engines displays search 
					results in new tab - you may need to click on the search tab 
					in your browser if results do not display automatically.

search query 













waterrright.com.au





the wicking - 
					 gbiota bed story

					  
the battle of an innovator to change 
					 the global food system 

i have decided to 
					 write a book about how we need to change our food industry.
					 

twenty years ago i 
					 pioneered wicking beds and gave them their name. they went 
					 totally viral on the internet and are widely used across 
					 the globe, but unfortunately with much technical 
					 misinformation.

i am hoping that 
					 there are people reading this message who may have pictures 
					 of their wicking beds and be willing to tell the story of 
					 how they learned about wicking beds and their experiences 
					 which i could use in my book.

since those early 
					 days i have focused on modifying the wicking bed system to 
					 grow gut food, natural pre and pro biotics. i call these 
					 gbiota beds.

we know our guts 
					 control our appetite, manufacture many of the chemicals we 
					 need to replace our body parts as they age and host much of 
					 our immune system, a cheap and convenient way of increasing 
					 health span - but they need to be fed. gbiota beds are a 
					 low cost way of growing natural gut food, breeding 
					 beneficial biology in organic waste - a sustainable way of 
					 growing our food.

after the success of 
					 wicking beds on the internet it was expected that this 
					 message would go viral on the internet. but not so.

people are fed up 
					 with the internet being used as a high pressure sales 
					 system using manipulating data to create false impressions 
					 for profit. (lying)

the internet has 
					 changed from being one of the greatest sources of 
					 information for the public to a massive high pressure 
					 selling machine, a hot bed of manipulation of the truth 
					 with very skilful psychological advertising collecting our 
					 personal information and selling this to monopolistic mega 
					 corporations.

how has the internet 
					 changed from such a major social service to its current 
					 state and what does this mean for the future of humanity as 
					 technology, particularly artificial intelligence (spying) 
					 leaps ahead?

this is the story i 
					 want to tell about the food we all need to eat so i ask if 
					 you have pictures, information or views and comments that 
					 you pass them on to me. 

i have created a 
					 special email for this project
					 colin@gbiota.com

please understand 
					 that i will assume that by providing this information that 
					 you are giving me permission to use it unless you 
					 specifically indicate that this is private for my use only.

thank you for your 
					 cooperation

colin austin
more 
					 info at www.gbiota.com

watch 
					 our latest videos at 


					 www.gbiota.com/videosjust added
					 soils for wicking beds
i have made two videos, greta foodberg - where are you?
					 

					 https://youtu.be/a6qtehtvsw0 
which is short 1 min 38 secs and shows how we can change 
					 the world
and what food crisis - preview 

					 https://youtu.be/m0cdvhb6rbu
which gets down to the nitty gritty and hence is much 
					 longer, over 26 mins but explains the technology of how to 
					 grow food which will keep us healthy.

â 


					 what is the gbiota club?

the aim of the gbiota club is to make gbiota food readily and widely available at an affordable price.
					 

					 gbiota food is essential to feed our gut biology which forms part of our intelligent control system.

					 

					 read more about the gbiota club at 
					 www.gbiota.com and 
					 www.gbiota.club



 






cabbage
colin austin
					 â© creative common - this is 
					 in the public domain and may be copied and reproduced with 
					 acknowledgement of source
just ask

just ask any 
					 competent doctor, dietitian or read the medical literature 
					 and you will see the importance of our gut biology. it 
					 forms part of our intelligent control system which manages 
					 how much and what type of food we want to eat, how much and 
					 where we store fat and is also home to the bulk of our 
					 immune system.

if we want to 
					 increase our health span we need a healthy gut and that 
					 means we have to add to our diet food that feeds our gut 
					 biology - gut food.

we know how to grow 
					 gut food - any competent grower can do it. just add 
					 selected essential minerals to the soil, inoculate with 
					 beneficial biology biology and feed it organic waste so it 
					 breeds. my web site www.gbiota.com has all the information 
					 readily available on how to grow gut food.

there are thousands 
					 of growers, particularly the smaller hobby farmers 					just 
					 outside of 
					 our major cities who really understand the benefits of gbiota 
					 farming.
					 
then why aren't we 
					 all eating gut food?/font>


the cabbage story
you can go to the local super market and 
					 buy a cabbage for say $2. the farmer will get about 40cents 
					 for each cabbage but he grows them by the hundreds of 
					 thousands, using 
					 automated machinery, chemicals and cheap labour to make a 
					 viable living.
tthe system works (for them).
now maybe a dedicated biological grower 
					 wants to go to the trouble of adding all those trace 
					 mineral, zinc, magnesium, iodine, selenium etc to the soil, 
					 avoid using harsh chemicals and inoculate and feeding the 
					 biology 
to 
					 grow gut food. it simply cost more.the super market 
					 may try and sell this in the speciality food section for 
					 say $4 but it looks just like any other cabbage so people 
					 don't buy and ends up going rotten and being thrown away.
a health conscious individual may decide 
					 to buy a cabbage from a de
the system does not work.
change the system
if people want to add gut food to their 
					 diet they have to take action and change the system, no one 
					 is going to do it for them. first they have to form a 
					 group. i have set up a social media site www.gbiota.club 
					 where people can join and form a local group. may be just 
					 one or two people at the start but they can recruit their 
					 friends who in turn recruit their friends until there is a 
					 sizeable group. they can then make contact with biological 
					 growers and persuade them to join the group. the growers 
					 and consumers can chat and convince the growers - you 
					 grow we will buy.
they can buy directly from the growers 
					 using www.pickandeat.shop.
now they group can organise economic 
					 transport. someone in the group organises transport with a 
					 schedule, hopefully several times a week, which is 
					 published on www.pickandeat.shop. the growers can then post 
					 on www.pickandeat.shop showing what produce they will have 
					 available on each day. customers can then buy produce from 
					 a number of growers and book a pick up and delivery from 
					 the transporter.
the growers will harvest just enough to 
					 fill the orders, there is no waste by speculative 
					 harvesting. 
a variety of 
produce is collected from multiple growers and 
					 delivered either to customers homes or a pick up point like 
					 a cafe or market.
it may cost say $160 for a collection 
					 and delivery but if that is shared among 100 members that 
					 is only 16 cents.
this system can work.
this can work
club members can buy genuine gut food 
					 directly from the growers, they know the minerals, biology 
					 and organic waste has been added - that is part of the 
					 www.pickandeat.shop system, the produce is harvested in the 
					 morning and delivered fresh that same day.
it is also economic - by sharing the 
					 distribution cost the net price can be lower than from the 
					 conventional system - there is minimal waste and we are 
					 recycling waste organic material regenerating our soils for 
					 the common good.
how you can make if work
i can't make this work by myself - i 
					 provide advice for free on how to grow gut food (on line 
					 and in www.gbiota.com) 
					 i have made gbiota.club and www.pickandeat.shop - if you 
					 have any suggestions on how i can improve these sites or 
					 find any issues please let me know - so i can fix - that is 
					 part of my contribution. 
but i don't have the time or resources 
					 going around to set up growers across the globe. but you 
					 can make it work and the first step is to join the 
					 www.gbiota.club group and
					 
recruit 
new members. start chatting
					 hem to 
					 convince the growers to grow gut food and organise to share 
					 the distribution costs. 


join the gbiota club

					 
					 there's real food and fake food.

real food used to be for the fringe dwellers but the virus has meant that there is a boom in people wanting a healthy gut and strong immune system.

the gbiota club is where people go to learn about, share, grow, buy and eat real food.

why not join - it's free - just go to 
					 www.gbiota.club
					 



					  the corona virus is not some random and isolated disaster. 
					 it is the inevitable outcome of small farmers struggling 
					 against the might of big food and trying to make a living 
					 by the uncontrolled selling of wild animals.
this need to be a warning for us all. we 
					 need to change our food system to avoid yet more 
					 unpredicted disasters.
					 

 




					  

					 the thousands of deaths, bad as they may be, are still 
					 relatively small in comparison with the millions of 
					 premature deaths from diabetes, obesity and dementia which 
					 are routine in our western food system and which stems from 
					 the view that profits of the mega corporations and their 
					 shareholders take precedence over the health of the people.
the gbiota club is a group of people who 
					 believe that peoples health should be the priority and is a 
					 combination of technology and a social movement. 


 



					  
the technology is simple, just a way of growing food in 
					 nutrient rich biologically active soil which enhances our 
					 gut biota (gbiota).

					  the social movements says that the priority with food 
					 should be our health and not corporate profits. club 
					 members can be consumers or growers. 


 



gbiota consumers want to buy food where 
					 the priority is their health and are fully prepared to pay 
					 a fair price to growers.
gbiota growers commit to enhancing their 
					 soil to grow healthy food in a sustainable way and expect 
					 to receive a fair reward for their services.
so read my web then email me at
					 
					 colinaustin@bigpond.com and become a grower or consumer 
					 or just show support for the movement.
to read the full story goto
					 www.gbiota.com






                
                 help us fight diabetes and the other diseases from a bad diet.
                 tell your friends both real and on the internet about our 
					campaign to ensure that people
                 have access to healthy food containing fresh food grown in nutrient rich living soil. 
                 donations help us expand the campaign.







 copyright colin austin creative commons





