





clinical trial results – clinical trial results











































skip to main content





		clinical trial results		


close navigationprimary navigationhome
slide library
this week in medicine®
past videos
about
contact




			toggle menu		


search 







			home page		



all video and audio content is copyrighted and remains the property of clinicaltrialresults.org . contact dr. gibson to share video / audio content. authors of slides retain copyright of their slides
editor in chief – c. michael gibson
follow on twitter @cmichaelgibson

this week in obesity


dr. mcguire, dr. jastreboff, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss best practices for titration of glp-1 medications for optimal weight loss. view video



dr. mcguire, dr. jastreboff, and dr. c. michael gibson explore the question of what is the right weight reduction for each patient taking glp-1 medications? view video



dr. mcguire, dr. jastreboff, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss the summit trial and how glp-1 agonists may be a new pillar in the treatment for hfpef and obesity. view video



dr. mcguire, dr. jastreboff, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss new oral semaglutide and the soul trial which lowered death, mi and stroke rates by 14% in patients with diabetes. view video



dr. mcguire, dr. jastreboff, and dr. c michael gibson discuss the surmount 1 trial of tirzepatide and how we may be able to diminish the progression from pre-diabetes to diabetes. view video

this week in medicine


drs. wazni and gibson do a deep dive on the results of the option trial answering many of the questions that have come up. view video


von willebrand factor molecules cross link and form a net around a blood clot holding it together. drs. shahid nimjee and gibson discuss a new vwf inhibitor that breaks apart this net & opening closed arteries but leaving a patch of fibrin strands across the site of plaque rupture which would have been dissolved by fibrinolytics potentially causing bleeding. view video
aha 2024

dr. stephen nicholls and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: safety and efficacy of obicetrapib in patients with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (brooklyn) view video download slides


dr. katherine r tuttle and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: benefits of semaglutide on chronic kidney disease outcomes by cardiovascular status or risk in the flow trial view video download slides


dr. stephen nicholls and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: a randomized phase 2 trial of muvalaplin: an oral disrupter of the assembly of lipoprotein(a) particles (kraken) view video download slides


dr. steven e nissen and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: alpacar phase 2 trial of zerlasiran: multiple doses of a short-interfering rna targeting lipoprotein(a) over 60 weeks.) view video download slides


dr. rajeev k pathak and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aggressive risk factor reduction study for atrial fibrillation (arrest-af) implications for ablation outcomes: a randomized clinical trial view video download slides


daniel p judge and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: acoramidis reduces all-cause mortality (acm) and cardiovascular-related hospitalization (cvh): initial outcomes from the attribute-cm open-label extension (ole) study view video


dr. kengo kusano and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: cryoballoon ablation vs. radiofrequency ablationno in patients with persistent atrial fibrillation (crrf-peaf): a prospective, multicenter, randomized, noninferiority clinical trial view video 


dr. mikhail n kosiborod and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: sodium zirconium cyclosilicate and mra optimization in heart failure with reduced ejection fraction and hyperkalemia: main results from realize-k randomized controlled trial view video download slides


dr. daniel r. bensimhon and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: novel bumetanide nasal spray (bns) demonstrates safety, tolerability and equivalent efficacy compared to intravenous and oral bumetanide (rsq-777-02) view video download slides


dr. marcely gimenes bonatto and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: effects of sacubitril-valsartan on prevention of cardiotoxicity in high-risk patients undergoing anthracycline chemotherapy: a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial: the sarah trial view video download slides


dr. sanjiv j shah and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: myeloperoxidase inhibition with mitiperstat in heart failure with preserved and mildly reduced ejection fraction: primary results from the endeavor randomized clinical trial view video download slides


dr. thomas crawford and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: preliminary results of randomized trial of new vs. reconditioned pacemakers for patients unable to obtain a new device in low- and middle-income countries: the my heart your heart (mhyh) randomized trial) view video 


dr. ankeet bhatt and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: electronic nudges to increase influenza vaccination among patients with history of myocardial infarction: insights from 3 randomized clinical trials enrolling >2 million patients (nudge-flu) view video download slides


dr. dorairaj prabhakaran and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: topspin- a three-arm randomized trial for treatment optimization of blood pressure with single-pill combinations in india view video


dr. rohan khera and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: panecho: complete ai-enabled echocardiography interpretation with multitask deep learning view video


dr. nobuyuki kagiyama and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: artificial intelligence-based automated echocardiographic measurements and the workflow of sonographers (ai-echo): randomized crossover trial view video 


dr. liviu klein and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: novel ai to assess intracardiac filling pressure: the noninvasive seismocardiogram in cardiovascular monitoring for heart failure i (seismic-hf i) study view video download slides


dr. milton packer and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: tirzepatide for patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and obesity: the summit trial view video

tct 2024

stephan baldus and dr. c michael gibson discuss: matterhorn: atrial mr subgrouptranscatheter repair versus surgery in atrial mitral regurgitation: results from the matterhorn trial view video 


firas zahr and dr. c michael gibson discuss: clasp iid 2 yearrct and registry: two-year outcomes of transcatheter edge-to-edge repair for degenerative mitral regurgitation view video download slides


olivier f. bertrand and dr. c michael gibson discuss: target ivinternational multicenter randomized assessment of the firehawk® rapamycin eluting coronary stent system view video



birgitte krogsgaard andersen and niels ramsing holm and dr. c michael gibson discuss: favor iii europe quantitative flow ratio or fractional flow reserve for guiding coronary revascularization view video 


expert roundtable – vulnerable plaque, past, present and future view video


sanjit s. jolly and dr. c michael gibson discuss: clear synergy (oasis 9)a 2×2 factorial randomized controlled trial of colchicine versus placebo and spironolactone versus placebo in patients with myocardial infarction: the results of the colchicine factorial view video download slides


ajay j. kirtane and dr. c michael gibson discuss: eclipsea large-scale, randomized trial of orbital atherectomy vs. conventional balloon angioplasty in severely calcified coronary arteries prior to des implantation view video download slides


alexander van rosendael and dr. c michael gibson discuss: confirm-2artificial intelligence enabled quantitative ct assessment of atherosclerosis and major adverse events: a multi-center international registry view video download slides


david erlinge and dr. c michael gibson discuss: infinity-swedeheart complex pci1-year and landmark 6–12 month clinical outcomes among patients with complex lesion subsets treated with dynamx bioadaptor compared to a contemporary drug eluting stent view video download slides


marc dweck and dr. c michael gibson discuss: evolved early intervention in patients with asymptomatic severe aortic stenosis and left ventricular myocardial fibrosis view video 


philippe genereux and dr. c michael gibson discuss: early tavrtranscatheter aortic valve replacement for asymptomatic severe aortic stenosis: results of the early tavr trial view video download slides

esc 2024

dr. siddharth patel and dr. c michael gibson discuss: long-acting factor xi inhibition and periprocedural bleeding: a secondary analysis from azalea-timi 71 view video download slides


dr. byeong-keuk kim and dr. c michael gibson discuss: occupi – optical coherence tomography-guided coronary intervention in patients with complex lesions view video


dr. c michael gibson and serge korijan discuss: apolipoprotein a-i infusions and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction and hyperlipidemia, apoa-i infusions and burden of ischemic events after acute myocardial infarction view video 


dr. holger thiele and dr. c michael gibson discuss: temporary mechanical circulatory support in infarct-related cardiogenic shock – an individual patient data meta-analysis of all randomized trials with 6-month follow-up view video download slides



dr. holger thiele and dr. c michael gibson discuss: extracorporeal life support for acute myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock – 12 months results of the ecls-shock trial view video 


dr. renato lopes and dr. c michael gibson discuss: guard-af – reducing stroke by screening for undiagnosed atrial fibrillation in elderly individuals view video download slides


dr. laust dupont rasmussen and dr. c michael gibson discuss: assessment of the microvascular resistance reserve for predicting the effect of revascularization in patients with moderate coronary stenoses view video download slides


dr. david ferreira and dr. c michael gibson discuss: scoff – fasting or no fasting before cardiac cauterization procedures view video download slides


dr. gianluca campo and dr. c michael gibson discuss: earth-stemi – complete vs. culprit-only revascularization in older stemi patients view video download slides


dr. vijay kunadian and dr. c michael gibson discuss: senior rita – older patients with non-st segment elevation myocardial infarction randomized interventional treatment trial view video download slides



dr. frans berend mensink, dr. dirk-jan van genus and dr. c michael gibson discuss: functional improvement of non-infarct related coronary artery stenosis by extensive ldl-c reduction with a pcsk9 antibody view video download slides




dr. gi-byoung nam, dr. dukwoo park and dr. c michael gibson discuss: epic-cad – edoxaban monotherapy vs. dual antithrombotic therapy for atrial fibrillation and stable coronary artery disease view video download slides


dr. rabea asleh and dr. c michael gibson discuss: gut microbiota and associated metabolites play a key role in the pathogenesis of the obesity phenotype of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction view video



dr. manesh patel and dr. c michael gibson discuss: oceanic-af – asundexian versus apixaban in patients with atrial fibrillation view video download slides


dr. dipak kotecha and dr. c michael gibson discuss: steeer-af – stroke prevention and rhythm control therapy view video 


dr. dirk-jan van ginkel and dr. c michael gibson discuss: popular pause tavi – continuation or interruption of oral anticoagulation during tavi? view video download slides



dr. stefan james and dr. c michael gibson discuss: swedegraft – no-touch vein grafts in coronary artery bypass grafting view video download slides


dr. jung-min ahn and dr. c michael gibson discuss: assure des – perioperative antiplatelet therapy in patients with coronary stents before non-cardiac surgery view video 



dr. volker rudolph, dr. stephan baldus and dr. c michael gibson discuss: matterhorn – transcatheter versus surgical mitral valve repair in patients with heart failure and secondary mitral regurgitation view video download slides


dr. stefan anker and dr. c michael gibson discuss: reshape-hf2 – percutaneous repair of moderate-to-severe or severe functional mitral regurgitation in patients with symptomatic heart failure view video download slides


dr. paul ridker and dr. c michael gibson discuss: thirty-year cardiovascular outcomes in women based on c-reactive protein, ldl cholesterol, and lipoprotein(a) view video download slides



dr. johanne silvain, dr. gilles montalescot and dr. c michael gibson discuss: abyss – beta blocker interruption in post-myocardial infarction patients view video download slides


dr. mikhail kosiborod and dr. c michael gibson discuss: effects of semaglutide on clinical events in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: a pooled, participant-level analysis of select, flow, step-hfpef and step-hfpef dm trials view video download slides


prevention town hall 2024
dr. c. michael gibson, dr. pam taub, dr. ann marie navar present:  a prevention town hall: what’s hot from recent scientific sessions on lowering ldl-c in high risk patients view video

this week in cardiology


dr. jim udelson, dr. sanjiv shah, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the take home lessons from the relieve hf study and the path forward view video

acc 2024

dr. leslie cho and dr. c. michael gibson review: multiple analyses from the clear outcomes study presented at acc 2024 including those regarding gender, hispanic and obesity s/b esperion view video


dr. moritz seiffert and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: transcatheter aortic valve implantation versus surgical aortic valve replacement in patients at low to intermediate risk: one year outcomes of the randomized dedicate-dzhk6 trial view video | download slides


dr. jacob eifer møller and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: percutaneous transvalvular micro-axial flow pump in infarct related cardiogenic shock. results of the danger-shock trial download slides



dr. jung-min ahn, dr. duk-woo park and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: preventive pci or medical therapy alone for atherosclerotic coronary vulnerable plaques view video | download slides


dr. david kandzari and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: effect of alcohol-mediated renal denervation on blood pressure in the presence of antihypertensive drugs: 3-month primary results from the target bp i randomized trial view video | download slides



dr. rasha al-lamee, dr. michael foley and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: coronary sinus reducer for the treatment of refractory angina: a randomised, placebo-controlled trial (orbita-cosmic) view video | download slides


dr. david austin and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: preventing cardiac damage in patients treated for breast cancer and lymphoma: a phase 3 randomized, open label, blinded endpoint, superiority trial of enalapril to prevent anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity (proact) view video | download slides


dr. steven nissen and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: outcomes after technology assisted nonprescription rosuvastatin administration: the tactic trial view video | download slides


dr. andre lamy and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: topical tranexamic acid to reduce seizures in cardiac surgery view video


dr. martin maron and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: efficacy and safety of ninerafaxstat, a novel cardiac mitotrope, in patients with symptomatic nonobstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: results of improve-hcm view video | download slides


dr. james januzzi and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: a selective aldose reductase inhibitor (at-001) for the treatment of diabetic cardiomyopathy: primary results of the phase 3 randomized controlled arise-hf study view video | download slides


dr. marianna fontana and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: acoramidis may improve cardiac function and promote regression in transthyretin amyloid cardiomyopathy: data from the attribute-cm cardiac magnetic resonance substudy view video | download slides


dr. gregg stone and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: one-month ticagrelor monotherapy after pci in acute coronary syndromes: principal results from the double-blind, placebo-controlled ultimate dapt trial view video | download slides


dr. gervasio lamas and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: effect of edetate disodium based chelation infusions on cardiovascular events in post-mi patients with diabetes: the tact2 trial view video | download slides


dr. howard herrmann and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: self-expanding versus balloon-expandable transcatheter aortic valve replacement in patients with small aortic annuli: primary outcomes from the randomized smart trial view video | download slides


dr. daniel gaudet and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: plozasiran (aro-apoc3), an investigational rnai therapeutic, demonstrates profound and durable reductions in apoc-3 and triglycerides (tg) in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia (shtg), shasta-2 final results view video 


dr. brian bergmark and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: efficacy and safety of olezarsen in patients with hypertriglyceridemia and high cardiovascular risk: primary results of the bridge-timi 73a trial view video | download slides 


dr. alexander fanaroff and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: effect of gamification, financial incentives or both combined to increase physical activity among patients with elevated risk for major adverse cardiovascular events. the be active randomized clinical trial view video | download slides 


dr. c. michael gibson and dr. serge korjian discuss: csl112 (apolipoprotein a-i) infusions and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction (apoa-i event reducing in ischemic syndromes ii (aegis-ii) trial): primary trial results view video | download slides 


dr. javed butler and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: empagliflozin after acute myocardial infarction: results of the empact-mi trial view video | download slides


dr. gregg stone and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: a double-blind, randomized placebo procedure-controlled trial of an interatrial shunt in patients with hfref and hfpef: principal results from the relieve-hf trial view video | download slides

this week in cardiology

dr. robert yeh and dr. c. michael gibson present: agent ide trial results. view video 


dr. michael nanna and dr. gibson discuss the percise trial. view video 


guidelines for atrial fibrillation


dr. dj lakkireddy and dr. c michael gibson present: newest clinical guidelines released for preventing and optimally managing atrial fibrillation view video 


2023 in prevention and cardiometabolic disease: the year in review


dr. pam taub and dr. c. michael gibson present: prevention and cardiometabolic disease 2023 year in review view video 

2023 in ic: the year in review 


dr. rasha al-lamee and dr. c. michael gibson present: an interventional cardiology 2023 year in review view video 

2023 in chf: the year in review 


dr. james januzzi and dr. c. michael gibson present: a heart failure 2023 year in review view video 

snackable health


dr. harlan krumholz shares vision for the journal as the new editor-in-chief of jacc view video 



dr. manesh patel and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the early termination of the oceanic af study of the factor xi inhibitor asundexian due to lack of efficacy view video 

aha 2023


dr. paul ridker and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: clear outcomes subanalysis on predicting cv events view video | download slides



dr. richard wright and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the genetic / mendalian randomization (natures randomized trial) data that supports the efficacy of #acoramadis in amyloidosis and the potential for amyloid regression with therapy view video



dr. charalambos antoniades and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: novel ai technology to improve risk stratification of patients without obstructive coronary artery disease undergoing ccta: the oxford risk factors and non-invasive imaging (orfan) study view video



dr. demilade a adedinsewo presents: screening for peripartum cardiomyopathies using an artificial intelligence enhanced digital stethoscope: a randomized clinical trial download slides



dr. alexander fanaroff presents: a cluster randomized trial of automated referral to centralized pharmacy services for evidence-based statin initiation in high-risk patients download slides



dr. daniel judge and dr. c. michael gibson: acoramidis from bench to bedside view video



dr. steven nissen and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: efficacy and safety of lepodisiran: an extended duration short-interfering rna targeting lipoprotein (a) view video 





dr. andrew bellinger, dr. sek kathiresan and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: safety and pharmacodynamic effects of verve-101, an investigational dna base editing medicine designed to durably inactivate the pcsk9 gene and lower ldl cholesterol – interim results of the phase 1b heart-1 trial view video 



dr. nina becher and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: efficacy and safety of anticoagulation with edoxaban in patients with ahre durations ≥24 hours. the noah-afnet 6 trial view video | download slides



dr. christian t ruff and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: abelacimab, a novel factor xi/xia inhibitor, vs rivaroxaban in patients with atrial fibrillation: primary results of the azalea-timi 71 randomized trial view video | download slides



dr. george bakris and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: sustained blood pressure reduction with the rna interference therapeutic zilebesiran: primary results from kardia-1, a phase 2 study in patients with hypertension view video | download slides



dr. mandeep mehra and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: avoidance of aspirin with left ventricular assist devices in advanced heart failure: primary results of the international, double-blind, placebo-controlled aries hm3 clinical trial view video | download slides





dr. christopher rajkumar, dr. rasha al-lamee and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: percutaneous coronary intervention for stable angina (orbita-2): a randomised, placebo-controlled trial view video 



dr. jeffery carson and dr. serge korjian discuss: restrictive versus liberal blood transfusion in patients with myocardial infarction and anemia: results of the mint trial view video | download slides



dr. stefan k. james presents: dapa-mi – a registry-based randomized trial of dapagliflozin in patients with acute myocardial infarction without diabetes download slides



dr. a. michael lincoff and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: semaglutide and cardiovascular outcomes in patients with overweight or obesity who do not have diabetes view video

an obesity town hall 2023


dr. c. michael gibson, dr. darren mcguire, dr. ildiko lingvay, and dr. julio rosenstock discuss: an obesity town hall: what’s hot from recent scientific meetings view video

tct 2023


dr. bon-kwon koo and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: emerald 2 view video



dr. kristian madsen and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: 3-year advance dk outcomes view video



dr. josep rodés-cabau and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: trancatheter versus surgical aortic valve replacement in patients with severe aortic stenosis and small aortic annuli: a randomized clinical trial (the viva trial) view video



dr. susheel k. kodali and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: triscend ii: a randomized trial of transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement in patients with severe tricuspid regurgitation view video



dr. matthias götberg and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: long-term clinical outcomes after ifr vs. ffr guided coronary revascularization – insights from the swedeheart national registry view video | download slides



dr. myeong-ki hong presents: less than 1-month dual antiplatelet therapy followed by ticagrelor monotherapy after coronary drug-eluting stent implantation for acute coronary syndrome: a randomized trial | download slides



dr. robert w. yeh and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: primary outcomes of a pivotal multicenter randomized trial comparing the agent paclitaxel-coated balloon with conventional balloon angioplasty for in-stent restenosis view video | download slides



dr. roberto galea and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: one-year outcomes after amulet or watchman/flx device for percutaneous left atrial appendage closure: a pre-specified analysis of the swiss-apero randomized clinical trial view video | download slides



dr. michael j. reardon and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: four-year outcomes from the evolut low risk trial view video | download slides

this week in cardiology


dr. michael mack and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: transcatheter aortic-valve replacement in low-risk patients at five years view video



dr. timothy fairbairn and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the fish&chips study view video

this week in medicine®


dr. dean kereiakes and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: findings of the disrupt cad iii trial 2-year follow-up view video | listen to podcast



dr. kausik ray and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: review of the year in prevention and lipids view video | listen to podcast



dr. martha gulati and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: women are under-enrolled in clinical trials. dr. gulati and i discuss how to increase participation of women in clinical trials. view video | listen to podcast

esc 2023


pr. arnoud van ‘t hof and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: what’s in the pipeline for zalunfiban view video



dr. sem rikken and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: in vitro comparison of platelet aggregation between zalunfiban and selatogrel in healthy donors view video





dr. shaoping nie, pr. gilles montalescot, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: right: prolongation of anticoagulation after primary pci view video | download slides



dr. jozine ter maaten and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: push-ahf: natriuresis guided therapy in acute heart failure view video | download slides



dr. zachary cox and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: dictate-ahf: early dapagliflozin initiation in acute heart failure view video | download slides



dr. stephen nicholls and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: muvalaplin, a potent small molecule inhibitor of lipoprotein(a) view video



dr. dan jones and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: nitrate-cin – inorganic nitrate to prevent cin after angiography for acs view video | download slides



dr. mathieu kerneis and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aramis – anakinra versus placebo in acute myocarditis view video



dr. linda joosten presents: the frail-af randomized controlled trial download slides



dr. vivek reddy and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: advent: pulsed field ablation vs thermal ablation (rf/cryo) for paroxysmal af view video | download slides



dr. tiffany patterson and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: arrest trial: expedited transfer to a cardiac arrest center for ohca view video | download slides



dr. julian gillmore and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: attribute-cm: acoramidis (ag10) in patients with transthyretin amyloid cardiomyopathy view video



dr. gregg stone and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: oct vs. ivus vs. angiography guidance: a real-time updated network meta-analysis view video | download slides



dr. duk-woo park and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: octivus: oct- vs. ivus-guided pci view video | download slides



dr. ziad ali and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: ilumien iv: oct versus angiography view video | download slides



dr. masahiro natsuaki and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: stopdapt-3: an aspirin-free antithrombotic strategy for percutaneous coronary intervention view video



dr. kausik ray and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: clear – outcomes analysis by glycaemic status view video



dr. holger thiele and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: ecls-shock – venoarterial membrane oxygenation in cardiogenic shock view video | download slides



dr. stephen nicholls and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: clear – outcomes total events analysis view video



dr. simone biscaglia and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: fire trial: physiology-guided complete pci in older mi patients view video | download slides



dr. robert mentz and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: heart-fid: ferric carboxymaltose in heart failure with iron deficiency view video | download slides



pr. bela merkely and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: budapest crt upgrade: cardiac resynchronisation therapy upgrade in heart failure with right ventricular pacing – a multicentre, randomised, controlled trial view video | download slides



dr. david conen and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: cop-af – colchicine for the prevention of perioperative atrial fibrillation after major thoracic surgery view video

reducing high-risk pe mortality: a flame town hall


dr. thomas tu, dr. mitchell silver, dr. jay giri, dr. wissam jaber, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: reducing high-risk pe mortality: a flame town hall – june 21, 2023 view content on microsite here

snackable health


dr. dominick angiolillo and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: a common question in clinical practice which is “how do i switch a patient from ticagrelor to clopidogrel?” view video



dr. dominick angiolillo and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: academic research consortium (arc) definitions surrounding reductions in dose, switches between agents and discontinuation of thienopyridines view video | download slides





snackable health with dr. c. michael gibson and dr. payal kohli view content on microsite here

ada 2023


dr. steven nissen and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: outcomes for primary prevention patients in the clear outcomes trial view video | download slides

esc-hfa 2023






dr. javed butler, dr. jim januzzi, dr. harriette van spall and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: esc heart failure association wrap-up – may 23, 2023 view video



dr. james januzzi and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: tracer-hf: trientine-hcl for treatment of heart failure and reduced ejection fraction view video

access points – acc 2023




dr. suzanne baron, dr. deepak bhatt and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: acc 2023 access points daily wrap-up – march 5, 2023 view video





dr. javed bulter, dr. rasha al-lamee and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: acc 2023 access points daily wrap-up – march 4, 2023 view video



dr. paul ridker and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: residual inflammatory risk in contemporary statin treated patients: a collaborative analyses of 31,197 participants in the prominent, reduce-it, and strength trials view video







katherine martinez, dr. michael ackerman, dr. matthew martinez and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: return-to-play for elite level athletes with sudden cardiac death predisposing genetic heart diseases view video





dr. rachel lampert, dr. sharlene day and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: vigorous exercise in individuals with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (hcm): primary results of the prospective, multinational lifestyle and exercise in hcm (live-hcm) study view video



dr. christie ballantyne and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: efficacy and safety of the oral pcsk9 inhibitor, mk-0616, a macrocyclic peptide, in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia: a phase 2b randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial view video



dr. braden manns and dr. pratik doshi discuss: a randomized trial assessing the impact of eliminating copayment for high value preventive medications for low-income seniors with cardiovascular-related chronic diseases view video



dr. raj makkar and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: safety and efficacy of transcatheter edge-to-edge mitral repair in degenerative mitral regurgitation: an analysis of the sts/acc tvt registry view video



dr. john forrest and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: transcatheter versus surgical aortic valve replacement in aortic stenosis patients at low surgical risk: 3-year outcomes from the evolut low risk trial view video



dr. steven nissen and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: bempedoic acid and cardiovascular outcomes in statin intolerant patients at high cardiovascular risk view video | download slides

acc 2023






dr. ginger jiang, dr. serge korjian, and dr. yazan daaboul discuss: acc 2023 fellows wrap-up view video





dr. xavier escudero and dr. jose luis levia pons discuss: acc 2023 wrap-up in spanish view video



dr. ankeet bhatt and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: safety and efficacy of virtual care team guided therapeutic optimization during hospitalization in patients with hfref: the implement-hf study view video



dr. barry borlaug and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: cameo-dapa trial: evaluation of the mechanism of benefit for dapagliflozin in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: an invasive hemodynamic randomized trial view video | download slides



dr. myeong-ki hong and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the loadstar trial: comparison between targeted low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level based versus high-intensity statin therapy in patients with coronary artery disease view video



dr. gregg stone and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: anticoagulation strategies in non-critically ill hospitalized covid-19 patients: principal outcomes of the freedom covid anticoagulation trial view video



dr. neha pagidipati and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: coordinating cardiology clinics randomized trial of interventions to improve outcomes (coordinate)-diabetes: primary results view video



dr. atul verma and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: pulsed field ablation treatment in paroxysmal and persistent atrial fibrillation patients: acute and long-term outcomes from the pulsed af pivotal trial view video





dr. mitchell silver, dr. jay giri, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: outcomes in high-risk pulmonary embolism patients undergoing flowtriever mechanical thrombectomy: results from the flame study view video



dr. dirk westermann and dr. yazan daaboul discuss: prediction of preeclampsia using high-sensitivity troponin i view video



dr. hyo-soo kim and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: comparison of 3-month versus 12-month dual antiplatelet therapy after coronary intervention using the contemporary drug-eluting stents with ultrathin struts and advanced polymer technology: the host-idea randomized clinical trial view video | download slides



dr. iulia iatan and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: association of a low-carbohydrate high-fat (ketogenic) diet with plasma lipid levels and cardiovascular risk in a population-based cohort view video



dr. barry borlaug and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: rapid-hf: atrial pacing for heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: a randomized clinical trial view video



dr. roberto diletti and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: biovasc: complete revascularization strategies in patients presenting with acute coronary syndromes and multivessel coronary disease view video



dr. gregg stone and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: transcatheter edge-to-edge repair of functional mitral regurgitation in heart failure: final five-year results from the coapt trial view video | download slides



dr. joo-yong hahn and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: renovate-complex-pci: intravascular imaging-guided versus angiography-guided procedural optimization in complex percutaneous coronary intervention view video



dr. enoch akowuah and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: minimally invasive versus conventional sternotomy for mitral valve repair surgery: an expertise based multicentre randomised controlled trial (uk mini mitral) view video | download slides



dr. annapoorna subhash kini and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: effect of evolocumab on coronary plaque characteristics in stable coronary artery disease: a multimodality imaging study (the yellow iii study) view video



dr. divaka perera and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: effect of myocardial viability, percutaneous coronary intervention and functional recovery on clinical outcomes in the revived-bcis2 randomized trial view video | download slides





dr. tomas neilan, dr. marielle scherrer-crosbie, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: statins to prevent the cardiotoxicity from anthracyclines: the stop-ca trial view video

heart success


dr. carolyn lam and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: heart failure trials at aha 2022 view video 
dr. carolyn lam and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: updates to the esc chf guidelines and how to initiate medications to optimize outcomes view video
dr. carolyn lam presents: the results of the emperor preserved trial  video video
dr. carolyn lam and dr. c. michael gibson discuss how to initiate heart failure drug view video
dr. carolyn lam and dr. c. michael gibson talk about success in the battle against heart failure view video
aspirin therapy in 2022: new horizons


a cme-jointly accredited program view content on microsite here

design education


design as api between technology and humanity: speech given at the massachusetts institute of technology by gerald chan download speech

access points – aha 2022


dr. rasha al-lamee and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aha 2022 access points daily wrap-up – november 7, 2022 view video



dr. payal kohli and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aha 2022 access points daily wrap-up – november 6, 2022 view video



dr. julia grapsa and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aha 2022 access points daily wrap-up – november 5, 2022 view video



dr. marc bonaca and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aortic disease guidelines view video



dr. cian mccarthy and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: implementation of high-sensitivity cardiac troponin assays in the united states view video 





dr. steve nissen, dr. luke laffin, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: comparative effects of low-dose rosuvastatin, placebo and dietary supplements on lipids and inflammatory biomarkers view video 

aha 2022


dr. ceclia bahit and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aha 2022 daily wrap up in spanish view video 



dr. payal kohli and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: deep dive on prevention trials at aha 2022 view video



dr. david kandzari and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: spyral htn-on – effect of radiofrequency renal denervation on blood pressure in the presence of antihypertensive drugs: 6-month primary results from the spyral htn-on med expansion randomized trial view video | download slides



dr. jonathan piccini and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: nova – efficacy and safety of botulinum toxin type a for the prevention of postoperative atrial fibrillation in cardiac surgery patients: results from the phase 2 nova study view video | download slides



dr. matthew budoff and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: stop – effect of semaglutide on progression of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes: final results of the stop study view video | download slides



dr. hyo soo kim and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: host-exam – long term follow-up of aspirin vs. clopidogrel monotherapy in the chronic maintenance period after percutaneous coronary intervention: the host-exam extended study view video | download slides



dr. erlend berg and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: after eighty study – long-term outcomes of an invasive versus conservative strategy in stabilised patients aged 80 years or older with non-st-elevation acute coronary syndrome, after eighty study: a randomised controlled trial view video | download slides



dr. judith hochman and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: ischemia-extended – follow-up interim report view video | download slides



dr. pamela douglas and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: precise – comparison of a precision care strategy with usual testing to guide management of stable patients with suspected coronary artery disease: the precise randomized trial view video | download slides



dr. michelle o’donoghue and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: ocean(a)-dose – reduction of lipoprotein(a) with small interfering rna: the results of the ocean(a)-dose trial view video | download slides



dr. hiroyuki daida and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: respect-epa – randomized trial for evaluating secondary prevention efficacy of combination therapy – statin and eicosapentaenoic acid view video



dr. gregg stone and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: bright-4 – bivalirudin with a post-pci high-dose infusion versus heparin monotherapy during primary pci in stemi: the randomized bright-4 trial view video | download slides



dr. mark huffman and dr. yazan daaboul discuss: quartet usa – efficacy and safety of a quadruple ultra-low-dose treatment for hypertension (quartet usa): a randomized controlled trial view video | download slides



dr. dominick angiolillo presents: from dual antiplatelet treatment regimens with aspirin plus a p2y12 inhibitor to dual pathway inhibition with low-dose rivaroxaban in adjunct to aspirin in patients with coronary artery disease: the swap-ac study  download slides
dr. dominick angiolillo presents: pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic profiles of switching between cangrelor and ticagrelor following ticagrelor pre-treatment: the swap-5 study  download slides



dr. petr ostadal and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: ecmo-cs – extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in the therapy of cardiogenic shock: primary results from the multicenter, randomized ecmo-cs trial view video | download slides





dr. james jollis, dr. jacqueline tamis-holland, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: treatment time and in-hospital mortality among patients with st-segment elevation myocardial infarction, 2018-2021 view video | download slides | download manuscript



dr. david hare and dr. yazan daaboul discuss: rapco – radial artery patency and clinical outcomes (rapco) randomized trials – the 15-year clinical outcomes comparing radial artery with right internal thoracic artery or with saphenous vein grafting view video | download slides



dr. paul kalra and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: ironman – randomized trial of intravenous ferric derisomaltose in heart failure with reduced ejection fraction view video | download slides





dr. julian gillmore, dr. david lebwohl, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: first-in-human in vivo crispr/cas9 editing of the ttr gene by ntla-2001 in patients with transthyretin amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy view video | download slides



dr. aruna pradhan presents: prominent – a randomized trial of pemafibrate for triglyceride reduction in the prevention of cardiovascular disease download slides



dr. areef ishani and dr. yazan daaboul discuss: dcp – chlorthalidone compared to hydrochlorothiazide for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with hypertension view video



dr. robert mentz and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: transform-hf – comparative effectiveness of torsemide versus forsumid in heart failure: primary results of the transform-hf trial view video | download slides

aspirin


dr. bryon cryer and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: gastrointestinal toxicity of aspirin: the pathophysiology of the problem and the pathophysiologically guided solution view video



dr. c. michael gibson presents: secondary prevention with aspirin – learn about the latest fda approved aspirin formulation view video | download slides



dr. neha j. pagidipati, dr. jacqueline e. tamis-holland, dr. dominick j. angiolillo and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: aspirin in 2022: a new aspirin for a new chapter – clarifying aspirin therapy in secondary prevention and dapt for the practicing clinician: a town hall view video | download slides



dr. michelle l. o’donoghue, dr. ann marie navar, dr. martha gulati, dr. christoper cannon, dr. dominick j. angiolillo, and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: should you stop (or start) aspirin? ask your doctor – clarifying the continued role of aspirin in secondary prevention: a town hall view video | download slides

atrial fibrillation


dr. walid saliba and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the next generation of watchman flx – video #2 view video



dr. walid saliba and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the next generation of watchman flx – video #1 view video

cdc


dr. jonathan reiner and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: what the best path forward for the cdc might look like view video

ldl-lowering therapies


dr. kausik ray and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: the verve therapeutics gene editing approach to lowering ldl in familial hypercholesterolemia view video
dr. kausik ray and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: reimagining prevention from a public healthcare perspective view video
dr. kausik ray and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: non-ldl lipid lowering targets for event reduction view video

win ratio


dr. andrew althouse and dr. c. michael gibson discuss: demystifying the win ratio view video






search for:



		search	

search archived content (2018 and prior)



search











footer navigationlinkedin
twitter
email
 




search for:



		search	

search archived content (2018 and prior)



search

















