



	home



























                            
                            if you are a site member, please login. 
                            













home
mslca reps/officers
freestate m.a.p.s. information
freestate teams
top 20 poll
all-state teams
kelly award
mslca coaches hall of fame
senior all-star game
monthly meeting notes
college coaches contacts
coaches' clinic













welcome to the maryland state lacrosse coaches association
the mslca is a volunteer organization of high school boy’s lacrosse coaches from throughout the state of maryland whose purpose is to promote individual student-athletes and the high school boy’s lacrosse programs of maryland.  mslca promotes high school lacrosse through statewide polls and rankings, pre-season and post-season all-state teams, senior all-star game and the freestate showcase and games (formerly the freestate tryouts).  the mslca also participates with the kelly foundation to honor the best players from throughout the state in the nominations and presentations of the kelly award given to the best individual player in the state as well as division winners for each of the mpssaa classifications and a north and south private school winner.  the mslca also recognizes the accomplishments of past high school coaches through the mscla coaches hall-of-fame. 
the mslca organizes and hosts the freestate showcase (formerly the freestate tryouts) which has become one of the best recruiting opportunities for high school lacrosse players.  the freestate showcase has the best high school lacrosse players from throughout the region tryout for selection to the prestigious mslca all-freestate teams.  the freestate showcase process and games are one of the most heavily attended recruiting events in the nation. 


freestate showcase:
the maryland state lacrosse coaches’ association (mslca) is excited to announce we are again hosting the freestate showcase (formerly the freestate tryouts). similar to the freestate tryouts this progressive showcase event featured game play giving each individual player the opportunity to showcase their talents for the evaluators and college coaches. this year's mslca freestate showcase is open to any interested player in this school years freshmen, sophomore, and junior classes. 
the mslca freestate showcase will accept player nominations from high school coaches as well as club coaches. the nomination process is free and easy!
this year's freestate showcase will offer two different divisions. the freestate underclassmen division is for any uncommitted players in the current freshmen/sophomore classes. with the new recruiting rules this is a can’t miss event for any underclass player serious about playing in college. the freestate rising senior division will be focused on uncommitted players in the current junior class. the freestate rising senior division will have a heavy emphasis as a d2/d3 showcase as well as di coaches still looking to fill out their recruiting classes. with the later start (9/1) to the recruiting calendar this is a prime opportunity for uncommitted players to be seen by college coaches.
the freestate showcase is a can’t miss event for any mid-atlantic player looking to play in college.
similar to the former freestate tryouts the freestate showcase will offer each player with a day one showcase with the opportunity to get invited back for a second showcase featuring the best players from day 1 in the freestate showcase top 44 games.
all registered players will receive a tryout jersey to be worn throughout the entire process. 
 please see the new freestate showcase website for more infomation and registration information at
www.freestatelacrosse.com  
***included in the registration price for the freestate showcase is an included film package through next level video. all freestate players will have free access to all game film from the entire showcase. other tournaments charge hundreds of dollars for this film. the mslca has included this in the cost of the freestate event which is already one of the most inexpensive showcase events anywhere. 


 
mslca coaches dues:
the mslca is no longer collecting coaches dues. if you are not receiving emails please email mslcainfo@gmail.com to be sure you are added to the mailing list.
while there are no dues this year we need each and every coach to get involved in the mslca either through promoting our events to your players and/or helping at the events.
 if you already receive mslca emails you are on the email list. if you are a high school coach and have not been receiving emails please email the mslca with your school and your contact info and you will be added to the list.
mslcainfo@gmail.com


 














powered by stone alley





                    please wait...
                    









