






a+ attorneys chicago, il - business lawyers & corporate attorneys chi







































skip to content











a+ attorneys









    primary  menu



  homeabout us
message us
 
    search




search for:


  search









 

welcome to a+ attorneys
business lawyers & corporate attorneys		 continue readingwelcome to a+ attorneys




 




blog








 




categories business talk  
how to make sure your vendor contracts are free from breach of contract disputes 
 aplusattyposted on30/06/2021  leave a comment on how to make sure your vendor contracts are free from breach of contract disputes 



as the popular saying goes, ‘promises are meant to be broken.’ although this isn’t necessarily true, it’s … continue readinghow to make sure your vendor contracts are free from breach of contract disputes














 




categories business talk  
what to know before forming a series llc 
 aplusattyposted on29/11/202024/11/2020  leave a comment on what to know before forming a series llc 



an llc vs. a series llc a limited liability company or llc is a kind … continue readingwhat to know before forming a series llc














 




categories business talk  
what is a breach of contract? 6 things to know about resolving contract disputes 
 aplusattyposted on24/11/2020  leave a comment on what is a breach of contract? 6 things to know about resolving contract disputes 



before you head off and talk to an attorney regarding litigation over a contract dispute, you must make sure to exhaust all avenues of resolution first. trust when we say you’ll be better off if you can work out your differences with the other party out of court. after all, the majority of disputes happen simply because of a misunderstanding.
there are instances, however, when you can seek the assistance of government agencies. for example, in the case of a dispute with a contractor, you can bring this up with a state or a local agency. contractors that are licensed with contractor agencies can also rely on these organizations to provide help when a complaint arises.
here are six other things that you must know about resolving contract disputes:
1) think long and hard before initiating a legal proceeding against a customer
if the contract dispute involves a customer, you must quickly determine what the root of the matter is. and before you initiate a legal proceeding, you must carefully flesh out the consequences of going this route. you need to ask yourself if you want to continue working with this customer? or risk damaging the relationship? you also have to consider the likelihood of the customer filing a counter-claim and how, if successful, this would affect your business. in most cases, the customer has around four weeks to file a defense and explain their side of the suit. a court will then examine the claim. when legal proceedings start, settlement offers can be negotiated if you don’t want to go through the motions of the court.
2) understand where the contract dispute is coming from
when a contract dispute develops, it usually stems from a disagreement involving a condition of the initial agreement between the two parties. most times, a contract dispute happens because of the following:

failure to completely comprehend the contract’s stipulations
a delay in administering the contract
a total inability to carry out the contract
incomplete or unproven claims by the parties involved

a contract dispute doesn’t usually involve a breach of contract but it can quickly develop into one. this then leads to the termination of the contract or a claim against the surety bonds.
3) you can help reduce the potential for a contract dispute
the power to lessen the possibility of a contract dispute arising is actually in your hands. to do that, you must carefully assess every step of the process, which includes:

ironing out a reasonable plan before work is started
having a firm grasp of the terms of the contract
fleshing out potential landmines before agreeing to the contract
working out a schedule that is rational for all parties involved
complete documentation of problems that arise during the execution of the contract
immediately dealing with problems before they become worse
always being transparent through every step of the contract

4) explore all means of resolution
when a contract dispute arises, you must always consider litigation as a last resort, not the first one. there are several methods that you can try. these are:

negotiation: if a dispute arises, you can try talking to the other party first to see if the dispute can be resolved casually.
mediation: you can bring in a neutral third party to try and solve the dispute, although the result of this isn’t legally binding
arbitration: arbitration is the forwarding of a debated matter to an impartial person called an arbitrator, for a decision. this is typically an out-of-court method that is done to resolve a dispute. the arbitrator will listen to both sides and will render a decision that favors one party.
litigation: this is a process that is turned to when the parties involved cannot resolve the issue using any other method. a trial will render a legally binding decision, although you can still appeal.

5) pick a suitable method
you need to weigh your options carefully when picking a method to resolve a contract dispute. it will largely depend on your personal needs and the nature of the dispute. if you are unsure, you can always consult with an attorney, like those at chicago law firm roth fioretti, who can guide you in deciding which process will best serve your situation.
6) check out other methods as well
here are other dispute resolution processes that you may find useful for your specific situation:

if you have an issue involving your new car, you can go through automobile arbitration through the better business bureau.
you can also go to appellate courts, which has settlement conference opportunities.
you may also go to small claims court where a judge can render a decision regarding your dispute — usually without a lawyer getting involved — if your claim has a value of less than $7,500.
















 




categories maintain illinois s corp  
follow these 8 steps to properly maintain your illinois s. corp 
 aplusattyposted on06/05/201924/11/2020  leave a comment on follow these 8 steps to properly maintain your illinois s. corp 



an s corporation (s. corp) is a corporation that passes corporate income, losses, deductions, and … continue readingfollow these 8 steps to properly maintain your illinois s. corp
















search


search for:


  search

more info 


  latest posts 

how to make sure your vendor contracts are free from breach of contract disputes


what to know before forming a series llc


what is a breach of contract? 6 things to know about resolving contract disputes


follow these 8 steps to properly maintain your illinois s. corp


sponsored content 








				© 2025 a+ attorneys. all rights reserved | privacy policy








































































































































































































































