





food additives, natural food additives, food colors, natural food colors













































home
synthetic colors
lake colors
product catalog
blended colors
 natural colors
solvent dyes 
 pigment emulsions



















natural food colors

annatto extract
anthocyanins
ãŸ-carotene
beta apo 8 carotenal
black currant
burnt sugar
black currant



synthetic food colors

anticaking agents
allura red
amaranth
black pn
carmoisine
fast red e
quinoline yellow



lake food colors

lake allura red
lake amaranth
lake brilliant blue fcf
lake carmosine
lake erythrosine
lake indigo carmine
traditional indian attars







food additive

food additives are the chemicals or the substances added to the food products in order to keep them fresh and to provide enhancement to their texture and flavour. they are added only to the food items that are not included in the gras (generally recognized as safe) list. this gras list includes the names of only those items which have been in use for long and have not shown any adverse signs. food items like salt, sugar and flour have been included in this list. sellers also need prior government approval for adding food additives in their products.
food additives include flavour enhancers, preservatives and a variety of food colouring products like cochineal. they are safe, as only the additives which are found to be safe and having no adverse effect are approved by the government. in most cases, food additives mentioned on the label are included in the other ingredients section. while sometimes their names are clearly mentioned while at number of times they are also mentioned with their codes. it is important to add food additives, to some food items so as to maintain the safety of the product through its journey from factories to warehouse and throughout the process of its transportation to finally making it available to the end users.






 featured article
6 interesting facts about tulsi consumption for good health assurance!

dec 07, 2019- tulsi, scientifically known as ocimum sanctum is of great importance in india. apart from worshipping holy basil is considered immensely useful in curing various health issues like infections.. 
read more

tea to enjoy healthy lifestyle
tea is not good for health", "it kills your hunger" etc are commonly said by our elders. 

but there is something about tea that reveals its benefits and how it contributes to healthy lifestyle. here are some quick and healthy facts abouth tea which will definitely delight the tea lovers....
read more







 food color applications

beverages
anticaking agents
color retention agents
colorings
emulsifiers
flavor enhancers
flavorings









health 15.7.2019

what is harmful about the harmful junk food?


 health 05.12.2019

10 healthy reasons to eat bananas





 other food condiments


annatto extract what is annatto?



 burnt sugar what is burnt sugar









blended food colors



blended colors, as the name suggests are made by mixing two or more kinds of different food colors for the desired color result. since the number of natural food colors available in the market are limited, so a large number of colors are artificially made using various chemicals.
  
  blended food colors are the mixture of two or more water soluble food coloring agents that are combined in numerous ways to produce a vast array of shades...
     

 





pigment emulsions

pigment fast yellow g
pigment green b
pigment lemon yellow 10 g
pigment maroon toner
pigment naphthol red light
pigment nitraniline orange


food drugs & cosmetic dyes

fd&c blue no.2,
fd&c blue no.1
fd&c green no.3
fd&c red no.3
fd&c red no.40
fd&c yellow no.6


solvent dyes

solvent black 5
solvent black 7
solvent blue 35
solvent blue 36
solvent blue 4
solvent green 3


information center

regulatory bodies
associations
publications
glossary
sic codes
hs codes





industry overview
industry scenario |         food additives trade leads |         food additives exporters |   
 regulatory bodies |   
 associations |   
 publications |   
 glossary |   
 sic codes |   
 hs codes 










related sites - neem products | natural hair colors
copyright - 2013-2022 www.foodadditivesworld.com all rights reserved.




