



master co.
















							 e-mail: support@mastercopros.com 
							
						



							phone: (213) 738-0673
						





get a quote









toggle navigation












home


about

 projects


services

contact



side menu












about us
for over 30 years, masterco. general contractors has been a reliable and trusted partner for hoa's, building managers, landlords, and property managers alike. extensive experience in all the trades and dedicated crews are our trademarks with meticulous work and on-budget accuracy. 
read more


contact info






(213) 738-0673







support@mastercopros.com







week days: 09.00 to 18.00 sunday: closed











we renovate & revitalize


					renovation and refurbishing of commercial and residential properties has been our expertise for 30 years.
                    
                

read more





property maintenance


					from roofing to concrete work, plumbing and painting, we handle projects of any size from residential to commercial.
                    
                

read more





repair/construction


					from complicated roofing work to commercial tenant improvement, we've solved many challenges.
                    
                

read more















roofing and painting
commercial and residential, big or smaller complexes, we have the experience and the knowledge to accomplish any roofing project or any painting task.


 read more











building maintenance
business parks, apartment complexes, and commercial business buildings all need maintenance on a consistent basis. those issues that pop up; from plumbing repairs to concrete work and fascia improvement to stucco, are all within our scope of expertise.


 read more











renovation experts
residential owners have trusted us with their most personal of projects, in renovating their homes and properties. our processes and level of quality work has ensured us business for the last 30 years with little more than a handshake and a commitment, to you our client.


 read more









our projects














 hollywood condo complex exterior repaint
painting














 commercial apartment painting
painting














 south la warehouse commercial reroof
roofing














 residential tile roofing
roofing














 commercial property maintenance
renovation

















copyright 2017  master co. | all rights reserved















































