







home - glen park community centre
























































 

glen park community centre30 glen park road, bayswater north, vic 3153phone: (03) 9720 5097 or (03) 9720 9549opening hours: tuesday to friday


   














 
homeabout usthe now...the beginning...mission, vision & purposeour teambecome a membercommunitycommunity servicesvolunteeringvenue hirefriends, funders & supporterscoursessocial enterprise cafescafe on the parkhungry 4 success - cafe & cateringcateringnews and eventscommunity chit, chat & chewcommunity news & announcements 



    

 

homeabout usthe now...the beginning...mission, vision & purposeour teambecome a membercommunitycommunity servicesvolunteeringvenue hirefriends, funders & supporterscoursessocial enterprise cafescafe on the parkhungry 4 success - cafe & cateringcateringnews and eventscommunity chit, chat & chewcommunity news & announcements 



    





welcome to glen parkglen park community centre is a friendly, supportive and welcoming environment for everyone in the community.
our mission is to create a strong, connected community - free from poverty, isolation and injustice, where every person has access to food, housing, social and economic participation, lifelong learning and support.
we’re a member of learn local - a network of over 300 not-for-profit organisations across victoria offering adult community education and training to people from all walks of life. we are one in over 400 neighbourhood houses located throughout victoria. glen park opens its doors to approximately 800 people per week, provides programmed services to an average of 156 people per week and the centre is used by the community at least 48 hours per week.
glen park is home to a successful registered social enterprise cafe; cafe on the park, offering delicious meals, catering, training and volunteering opportunities. more importantly, cafe on the park is the driving force behind our emergency relief program; p.o.w.e.r and facilitates the distribution of 1250kgs of food per month to some of our most vulnerable victorians.
we are very proud of the service glen park community centre provides in the community and encourage you to support the centre by enrolling in a class, eating in the cafe or becoming a member.
glen park's community value equates to $5.46 for every $1 of income. now, that is a pretty good return on investment, don't you think?
take your time browsing through our website to find out what opportunities your centre has to offer you and we look forward to seeing you in the centre.
heidi butler-moore
ceowhat you need to knowenrolments are open for term 1, 2025! returning programs include art wednesdays, artstream, seniors strength, busy hands, woodwork level i, and hungry 4 success - training.
looking to kick-start your career in 2025? glen park's hungry 4 success - training is a pathway to employment training program codesigned with cafe on the park, eastland shopping centre and glad group to provide industry specific skills required for emplyment in guest services (customer service), cleaning, security, maintenance and hospitality. no experience is required, just a passion to learn, grow and achieve your goals! 
click here to check out the range of social activities happening across glen park community centre and hungry 4 success - cafe & catering in eastland! 
for further information or to register for any of the upcoming programs at glen park, please contact the office on (03) 9720 5097 or email office@glenparkcc.com.au community support & emergency relief programsglen park are continuing to provide vulnerable community members who meet some basic eligibility criteria with fresh fruit, veggies, bread, meat, eggs, pantry staples and so much more. 
glen park offer the following community support and emergency relief programs community pantry, and egg and bread collection. 
for more information on the community pantry and other community support and emergency relief programs, please email office@glenparkcc.com.au or visit this page.chit, chat & chewcurrent course & activity guidecourses at glen park take me to the latest newsletter show me the current course guide let me explore my options





subscribe to glen park community centre's mailing list
* indicates required
email address *first name last name 





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
        











wcig mooroolbark community garden wftd projecta special performance from the glen park teamlocal pathways for women - success stories 

 © 2020 glen park community centre inc.
enrolment informationgrievance policyjobs & volunteer rolescontact us




search

 





homeabout usthe now...the beginning...mission, vision & purposeour teambecome a membercommunitycommunity servicesvolunteeringvenue hirefriends, funders & supporterscoursessocial enterprise cafescafe on the parkhungry 4 success - cafe & cateringcateringnews and eventscommunity chit, chat & chewcommunity news & announcements





