


the scandinavian designmouse




















    
	the scandinavian designmouse
	
  
simple and solid elegance from sweden, norway, denmark and finland.

more interior design findings at:
www.husmusen.blogg.se





monday, march 31, 2008



	 
	 i'm back!
	 
    


i have recently started to write about interior design again. please find more information on my swedish website: www.husmusen.blogg.sei'll keep this site posted in english soon. 



posted by designmouse at 8:55 am
3 comments






friday, june 09, 2006



	 
	 strö design
	 
    


now you can easily add a "wow" factor to your cappuccinos. all you need is the cappuccino art stencils. simply place one of the 6 different stencils over the frothy milk and sprinkle with cocoa or cinnamon powder to create an eyecatching design. the stencils can be used on any frothy milk or chocolate drink or even a dessert or to top a cake. designed by lone ørum for strö design.



posted by designmouse at 9:19 am
15 comments






sunday, june 04, 2006



	 
	 klippans yllefabrik 2006
	 
    


want to spice up your sofa with some new pillows? look no further. klippans yllefabrik proudly presents ranka, a new pattern for 2006. black and white flower power. there is a lot of dazzling greenery going on in the designworld at the moment.



posted by designmouse at 3:12 pm
0 comments









	 
	 bald & bang
	 
    


 bald & bang is a danish company owned by gitte bald and anders bang who founded their business in 2000 on a single product - the iqlight lighting system™. today this innovative design is sold in more than 35 countries, with sales increasing 30% a year. to great design, they add the hard work, commitment, nerve and the creative thinking that's essential to make a sale. bald & bang classic are products that have the qualities of true design classics - alike iqlight and turbo.[via: design*sponge]



posted by designmouse at 2:56 pm
2 comments









	 
	 tord boontje for kvadrat
	 
    


this elegant pillow made by hot designer tord boontje for scandinavian company kvadrat sanden has an exclusive laser cut pattern. available in two color combinations and patterns with gorgeous and trendy patterns of butterflies and flowers.[via: charles & marie]



posted by designmouse at 2:48 pm
0 comments






saturday, may 20, 2006



	 
	 flaming red anniversary celebration
	 
    


designer harri koskinen is currently one of finland’s most international designers. koskinen has worked at the iittala glass factory and made several popular objects for them, so he knows their glass inside and out. for the anniversary year, koskinen has designed a flaming red, mouth-blown, carafe with a capacity of 125 cl. in addition to the normal iittala stamp the carafes also have the special anniversary stamp. absolutely fab!



posted by designmouse at 11:51 pm
6 comments






tuesday, may 09, 2006



	 
	 swedish silver design
	 
    


this is a bit off topic, but i just want to feature these upcoming swedish silversmiths quickly. nutida svenskt silver is an exclusive modern silver gallery in stockholm showing unique pieces such as candlesticks, bowls, pots, as well as jewellery, designed by sweden's foremost silver and goldsmiths. leaf bowl in silver by caroline lindholmwatering can by anders ljungbergnecklace by helena edman



posted by designmouse at 6:12 am
6 comments









	 
	 ung 06/07
	 
    


ung 06/07 is an arena for young swedish designers, highlighting the essence of creative liberty in design. the project aims to increase the knowledge and widen the scope of new, innovative swedish design, helping it reach new audiences. ung was initiated by svensk form and form/design center in 1998 and is now arranged for the sixth time. the previous exhibitions created quite a stir – both in sweden and internationally. and many of the past exhibitors are well established within their respective fields today. my favourite this year is mikael lings chair bourgogne. read more about it at husmusen.blogg.se



posted by designmouse at 6:00 am
0 comments






thursday, may 04, 2006



	 
	 beechwood votives
	 
    


add a scandinavian touch to your table with this clean and natural design made of solid beechwood. a fresh take on votives produced by danish company scanwood founded in 1919.



posted by designmouse at 1:05 am
1 comments






tuesday, may 02, 2006



	 
	 louise campbell - danish designer of the year
	 
    


the danish interior magazine bobedre (which means live better in english) just recently decided to award one of my favourite scandinavian designers for her innovative work. louise campbell can now call herself "danish designer of the year 2005". her design certainly has an unusual and stunningly beautiful edge. this is one of her brand new products, the "very round" chair, with laser cut shapes for zanotta 2006.



posted by designmouse at 1:20 pm
0 comments









	 
	 the asplund collection
	 
    


 the asplund collection is a company selling and producing modern high quality products with roots in swedish tradition and handicraft. the asplund collection manily consists of three areas: furniture, storage and rugs, but they also do smaller home accessories and contemporary decorations with a functional, clean shaped, elegant style. code basket by ola vihlborg.colours: laquered in white or darkgrey. 



posted by designmouse at 12:46 pm
1 comments









	 
	 "birds nest" from kateha
	 
    


swedish company kateha takes the scandinavian rug design to a higher level. their new products will definitely make your vacuum cleaner drool. severly. birds nest , just to give one example, is a glorious thick and soft carpet in the very best quality! a modern piece of art for your floor. designed by the swedes.to make it even better, kateha has a rugmark license. rugmark, is an international initiative against the use of illegal child labour in the carpet industry that was initiated in 1995 by indian non-governmental organizations and international aid organizations.



posted by designmouse at 12:19 pm
1 comments











about me

name:  designmouse 
location:  sweden 
...and the only reason for my oh so corny nickname is my swedish interior design blog called www.husmusen.blogg.se
view my complete profile

links i like

husmusen
design*sponge
charles & marie

previous posts

i'm back!
strö design
klippans yllefabrik 2006
bald & bang
tord boontje for kvadrat
flaming red anniversary celebration
swedish silver design
ung 06/07
beechwood votives
louise campbell - danish designer of the year

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
march 2008


besökare sedan den 7 mars 2006 








 



