
























donor-advised funds | npt | national philanthropic trust







































































we use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic.
            we share anonymized and aggregated data about the use of our website with analytics partners and
            occasionally with social media and advertising partners. please see npt’s cookie
                notice and terms of use/privacy policy for more
            information.

accept cookies
decline cookies







national philanthropic trust logo
national philanthropic trust logo











































































 for advisors
 for nonprofits
 for institutions
 npt givingpoint login

main navigation trigger
                        





donor-advised funds

what is a donor-advised fund (daf)?
npt’s daf
benefits of donor-advised funds
tax advantages
vehicle comparison
open a daf account


resources

for donors

philanthropic consulting
premier donor group
disaster relief
other giving vehicles
impact investing


for advisors

daf insights for advisors
advisor resources
financial institution resources




publications

reports

2024 daf report
daf spotlight: economic uncertainty
daf spotlight: complex assets
daf spotlight: payout rates
2023 annual report


other insights

blog
charitable giving statistics
what is a philanthropist?
giving resources library




grant impact

grants in action
donor stories
international grantmaking


about us

mission & leadership
careers
newsroom
contact
about npt givingpoint
npt uk


for advisors
for nonprofits
for financial institutions
npt givingpoint login
open a daf account
 

























your partner in giving.
national philanthropic trust helps donors achieve their philanthropic goals—in their communities and around the globe.

					learn about dafs				






a leader in donor-advised funds
national philanthropic trust helps donors achieve their philanthropic goals. npt is a leader in donor-advised funds (dafs) and one of the largest grantmaking institutions in the united states. we are a public charity dedicated to providing philanthropic expertise to donors, foundations and financial institutions, enabling them to realize their philanthropic aspirations.





our mission is to increase philanthropy in society.


$0b
charitable contributions raised


0k
grants recommended by npt donors


$0b
granted to organizations around the world









give smarter with our customizable donor-advised funds.
donor-advised funds are one of the most popular giving vehicles in philanthropy and npt is the largest independent national provider of dafs. we work with donors, advisors, financial institutions and foundations. we’ll help you deal with the  administrative side of giving so you can spend more time achieving your philanthropic goals..
npt's daf


with an npt daf, you can:


contribute a variety of assets



make international and specialized grants



choose from a wide range of investment options



establish a lasting giving legacy








grants in action
npt works with some of the world's most generous and inspired philanthropists.











01/ 03


									hospital equipment								

									a $15,000 grant purchases special equipment to enable a children's hospital to diagnose and treat patients with endocrinological diseases.								












02/ 03


									transportation & opportunity								

									a $5,000 grant distributes bicycles in rural african communities to make it easier for recipients to reach school, clean water sources and economic opportunities. 								












03/ 03


									historic preservation								

									a $200,000 grant preserves and supports an 8th-century temple and unesco world heritage site.								





more than
0k grants

recommended by npt donors, and counting
our grants in action series highlights the breadth of causes that npt’s donors support with grant recommendations from their daf accounts. join these generous donors by recommending a grant from your daf today using givingpoint.

view grants in action








defining your philanthropic legacy
creating a philanthopic legacy provides clarity about how you want your giving goals to live on beyond you—and can be one of the greatest gifts you can offer to those you love. learn how to take proactive steps to communicate your intentions in a legacy plan. 
read more











is a daf right for you?
benefits of a daf


no matter your philanthropic aspirations, the versatility of a donor-advised fund (daf) can help you achieve them. learn more about how a daf can support your giving strategy.


daf basics
what is a daf?
tax advantages
vehicle comparison


for donors
grantmaking rules
contribution guide
donor stories


for advisors
daf insights
advisor resources
open a daf










thought leadership
recent publications
as one of the nation’s leading independent grantmaking institutions, npt is recognized throughout the united states as an authoritative voice on philanthropic trends. delve more into our research on what’s affecting philanthropy today.






the 2024 daf report
our 18th annual donor-advised fund report provides an up-to-date analysis of donor-advised funds.
the 2024 daf report





daf insights for advisors
our blog series is designed to educate financial advisors on tax-efficient daf strategies.
daf insights for advisors





the 2023 annual report
npt publishes an annual report with consolidated financials and information on grantmaking, contributions and investments.
the 2023 annual report













npt givingpoint
a better way to manage your giving
better, faster and mobile. npt givingpoint is a modern donor portal that provides an enhanced giving experience for donors and trusted advisors.
learn about our donor portal







the philanthropist
recent blog posts
learn what’s trending in philanthropy—and why it could matter for your giving goals. npt’s blog helps illustrate what’s possible for giving with a daf.



all posts





 



february 12, 2025



how to name your donor-advised fund
when you open a donor-advised fund (daf), one of the first things […]



read more





 



february 06, 2025



due diligence: disinformation, ai and the charitable landscape in 2025
the new year is often a time for resolutions. i suggest it […]



read more





 



february 06, 2025



make a charitable impact with crypto and donor-advised funds
the strategy of donating cryptocurrency—or “crypto”—to charity is steadily regaining popularity. and […]



read more











receive our newsletter
we’re delivering news, ideas and inspirations about philanthropy today.



newsletter


first name* last name* email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  





















newsletter options


first name last name email

choose from the options below  to begin your subscription. npt newsletter

npt newsletter
periodic email newsletter with insights and information about philanthropy, donor-advised funds and national philanthropic trust.npt blog

npt blog
receive an email notification whenever npt publishes new content on the philanthropist.daf insights

daf insights
receive an email notification whenever npt publishes new content on the philanthropist.by entering you email address, you agree to receive our email newsletters and notifications.
  
















national philanthropic trust
165 township line road, suite 1200
jenkintown, pa 19046
(888) 878-7900 | npt@nptrust.org
contact us
npt uk


www.nptuk.org




search for:












what is a daf?

what is a donor-advised fund (daf)?
npt’s daf
vehicle comparison
tax advantages
grantmaking rules
contribution rules
faqs
resource library


about

mission & leadership
newsroom
blog
careers
about npt givingpoint


for donors

donor givingpoint login
donor forms
covid-19


information for

financial advisors
nonprofits
financial institutions
media


 





© 2025 national philanthropic trust. all rights reserved.

transparency in coverage
terms of use/privacy policy
tips to avoid fraud
online security
sitemap








 
 share this facebook 






























































share on mastodon


enter your mastodon instance url (optional)
share

























