






cartune land – don marquez


























































cartune land – don marquez







homeartist bioaboutcontact usblogprivacy policy




facebook
twitter
youtube








about

don marquez

don marquez is an american comic author from sacramento. in 1985, marquez self published the comic book “cartune land”. he also co-authored a 2007 adaptation for image comics of “alien pig far 3000”, with todd farmer and tom jane.




















tarzan art i
erb’s stories are fascinating and there are many interpretations. i like to see the differences in interpretations. i prefer my own interpretation of the story than a literal translation. john carter looks too small when he is 15 feet tall, so i feel that i should put at least some clothes on the martians.
burroughs was an expert at creating bizarre creatures for his stories. these creatures are difficult to imagine. i want them to have an alien appearance, but still look like their earthly counterparts. my martian lions should be instantly identifiable as lions. my thoats are, for the most, like multi-limbed horses. these edgar rice burroughs-inspired creatures are sometimes more exotic and beastly than others.
if it is reasonable to think that the human form could be replicated on other planets then it should be possible to envision other forms that are equally adaptable. horses, cats, lizards and other animals have so well-adapted forms that it’s difficult not to imagine them being found elsewhere on the planets.
tarzan is my favorite source for inspiration. when drawing tarzan, i try to focus on the time he and jane met. while i have done a lot of jungle lord-themed artwork, the majority of my work is tarzan/jane inspired. erb’s original story is not always the one i follow. my vision of the jungle lord is a combination of the character from the original books, tarzan of comic books and the artwork of frank frazetta and jesse marsh.
acrylic paint on canvas board and ink on bristol papers are the main forms of my artwork. i usually start by sketching a thumbnail in pencil. then i will make a larger, more detailed sketch. then i copy the image or trace it onto the paper or canvas i want to use for the final version.
an acrylic painting is usually made with a raw umber, a monotone under-painting, and then i add color. first, i use an art pen to draw lines and then add ink using a brush. finally, i add texture and finishing touches with both a pen or a brush. sometimes i like to add watercolors and ink to my drawings. my work can be done in many styles, from cartoony to realistic. my art is influenced by warner bros. and old dell walt disney. harvey comic books are also a big influence.
i’m a fan. i want to make more of the things i love.


















comic books being offered for sale








comic 1
cartune land.








comic 2
fantastic stories








comic 3
harte of darkness










comic 4
kiwani








comic 5
the land








comic 6
tiger woman
















art by marquez
cartune land was a four-issue black and white comic that collected my earliest comic book stories.this title (with a different spelling) is also the title to a song i wrote and performed with twinkeyz.it contains a mix of single-page illustrations, stories that range from one to seven pages or eight pages, as well as a collection of ongoing stories.this book was created out of a love and passion for comic books. i felt comics could be literature’s rock and roll.





























featured content








bodhrán drum: the rhythmic soul of irish music
december 27, 2024
introduction to the bodhrán drum the bodhrán drum is a quintessential part of irish musical […]know more





bodhrán drum: the heartbeat of irish music
december 27, 2024
introduction to the bodhrán drum the bodhrán drum is a traditional irish percussion instrument that […]know more





bodhrán drum: the pulse of traditional irish music
december 9, 2024
the bodhrán is one of the most iconic instruments in irish and celtic music, often […]know more





explore more









facebook
instagram
mail
telegram

copyright © cartuneland.com all rights reserved.













