




worc

























































toggle navigation








blog
support our work
careers
press inquiries
 










search for:

search






















                                    sign up for alerts
                                
blog updates newsletter









                                    support our work
                                

action alerts
supportour work











toggle navigation




menu


who we are 

about us
40 years of grassroots organizing
worc board of directors
member groups
staff
career opportunities & internships
worc gear
press inquiries


what we care about 

take action
worc supports black lives matter
diversity, equity, and inclusion
clean, renewable energy
coal
oil & gas
transition to homegrown prosperity
agriculture and food
homegrown stories
hardrock mining & uranium
grassroots democracy


resources and publications 

our research & reports
how to’s
western organizing review
press releases


leadership development 

leadership & capacity building
principles of community organizing


 
















learn more
 













												grassroots leadership and action											

protecting communities | supporting clean, renewable energy | improving rural vitality
 













support our work













												homegrown stories											

people cultivating good food, healthy land, and homegrown prosperity
read stories
 















                                grassroots leadership in action                                learn more 


                                western organization of resource councils is a regional network of grassroots community organizations that include 18,435 members and 37 local chapters. we ensure that rural voices are heard in decisions that affect the west, resulting in vibrant communities and rural vitality.                            





                                subscribe to worc’s newsletter!                                learn more 


                                receive monthly updates on western grassroots organizing and stories about the people making the west a better place to live, work, and raise a family.                            














	    grassroots community organizing in western states    check in on the latest worc news 










                                            feb                                        


                                            14                                        




westerners call on interior secretary not to weaken oil and gas reclamation bonds 
the current bonding rules are an integral cost of doing business, and cannot be considered a burden on development. on february 14th, 2025, worc members sent a letter to secretary of the interior doug burgum urging him to retain and fully implement the bureau of land management’s (blm) recently finalized fluid mineral leases and leasing process rule. this commonsense rule addresses the serious and growing taxpayer liability resulting from idle…
read more 












                                        jan                                    


                                        21                                    


south dakota voters reject referred law 21, upholding local control and landowner rights
dakota rural action and allies defend south dakotans’ right to reject dangerous co2 pipelines. in a decisive move to protect local control and landowner rights, south dakota voters overwhelmingly rejected…
read more 










                                        jan                                    


                                        07                                    


worc’s grassroots democracy program shows that community-based election work still wins at the ballot box
when we show up on people’s doorsteps, we win. it’s safe to say that the 2024 election cycle was one for the history books. while we’re still reorienting ourselves to…
read more 



 

                  

check out our member groups!



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 

 










            resources
            view worc’s latest publications















reclaiming oil and gas wells and addressing climate impacts: state policy recommendations
unplugged oil and gas wells pose a significant threat to our climate, as well as having negative impacts on water, air, and public health and…
read more 

















coal mine cleanup works
the collapse of the coal industry is devastating small communities across the western united states, but reclaiming these mined lands quickly could create up to…
read more 

















state and federal oil and gas bonding policy comparison
in the midst of historically low oil prices and plummeting demand, inadequate federal and state reclamation bonding requirements make it easier for deeply indebted oil…
read more 














our member
                    groups
                


























































who we areworc board of directorsmember groupsstaffdiversity, equity, and inclusionpress inquiriesprivacy policywhat we care aboutclean, renewable energycoal, oil & gasagriculture and foodhardrock mining & uraniumresourcesour research and reportshow to’swestern organizing reviewprinciples of community organizing 


get in touch



main office
washington, d.c















                                                            406.252.9672
                                                        













                                                            po box 31037 
                                                            billings, mt 59107
                                                        

















                                                            202.547.7040
                                                        













                                                            110 maryland ave., ne #302
                                                            washington, dc 20002
                                                        

















                                                            970.240.2845
                                                        













                                                            12 s. cascade ave, ste 104
                                                            montrose, co 81401
                                                        















            © 2025 worc. all rights reserved 
        









