





















































distractogirl's not-so-daily discourses — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































distractogirl
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














distractogirl







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
distractogirl's not-so-daily discourses

about
i'd rather die standing, than live on my knees.


profile
dg


page summary
 [#] (no subject)  [#] yesterday's...  [#] well, it started with the cats...  [#] this is a public service announcement.  [#] i'm not going to mention the football.  [#] and in response to this afternoon's entry!  [#] hee. when fandoms collide...  [#] time for a girly squee moment...  [#] tonight's football...  [#] (no subject) 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile previous page


october 2011
 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031






oct. 26th, 2011 @ 01:54 am 





just finished watching easy a with emma stone. two things occur to me. one - emma stone is hot, when she keeps her clothes on. two - at some point i would absolutely adore it if some guy were to do something silly for me like borrowing a lawnmower. very enjoyable, and quite witty and intellegent.i'm also testing out my app for that, so please forgive any miss-spellings!
(save the world)



yesterday's...

apr. 11th, 2010 @ 02:08 pm 





quote of the day - from a fabulously planned and executed hen night..."it's a bride, but it's a duck, but it's a pen."*amused*this time i'm: amused
tags: distractions from friends

(2 superheroes | save the world)



well, it started with the cats...

jul. 18th, 2009 @ 12:46 pm 





i was asked to pinch-hit for post-apocalyptic multifandom ficathon, and this is what i produced.thanks to googlebrat for her wonderful support doing this, and the other people for their support - they should know who they are!title: well, it started with the cats...author: distractogirlrecipient: originalpuckfandom: buffy the vampire slayer - just season 1-7.rating: er, it's not very violent, but it has death and zombies. so 15 ish?pairing: not much but, xander/andrew.request: request 5 - andrew-centric, zombies, slash, and preferably nothing from angel the series or the eighth season (since i'm not familiar with them). andrew thought buffy could handle anything. he was wrong. post-apocolyptic, please.summary: magical super zombies take over the world. andrew and xander have to deal with it, shortly after everything that happened to stop the first from taking over.( well, it started with the cats.collapse )
(save the world)



this is a public service announcement.

may. 12th, 2009 @ 06:25 pm 





the announcement - never use corsetrycouture on etsy for your corsetry needs.the explanation - despite her good reviews she has just managed to mess me around since i first spotted the emerald velvet corset on her etsy shop. that was back in january, i put a link to the corset that was on sale up in that lj entry because i was a little bit in love and i contacted her about what size i'd need. she ignored my initial email, and then literally minutes after i sent the second email the corset sold out, however, she did email back after the second time and suggested she make a custom corset for me. i agreed and after a short while i sent her my measurements. that was on 30th january. i didn't hear from her again until the 10th of march after i emailed her again just to check what was going on. due to the lack of actual contact between us, i probably should have had warning bells going off all over the place, but since she had good reviews i kidded myself, and persisted. i even persisted despite the fact that she tried to convince me to buy two different corsets instead of the one that i was after and then confessed that she didn't actually have any material with which to make the custom corset. again, i should have walked away, but she said she could get it. more time passed and she said she was having trouble finding the material. i said i could be patient. now, it's three months since i first got in touch with her, and i emailed her last week, and she said she had the material, and would send out the corset on monday. she made me a custom listing and i (ecstatic that it was finally sorted) paid up. i figured if i paid up quickly she'd be able to post it quickly and i could get my hands on it. roll on today. she emails me to say she actually ran out of material as she was making it, and had to make it into an underbust corset and would i still like it. the worst part of all of it is that i feel so stupid for persisting at the point that i started getting worried, in the sense that if you're worried about an online transaction you should possibly cut your losses. i've asked her for my money back, and if she doesn't do it within a week the i will be getting in touch with the non-delivery people at etsy. as it is, i think i'm entitled to leave feedback (because i'd technically purchased it) and i think that once she's given me back my money i will be leaving negetive feedback (i wouldn't do it before the refund because i really want my money back first) because i'm really annoyed about her treatment of me.i'm quite upset about this - although more irritated with myself for being stupid enough to let her get away with this - and i needed to write it down so i don't spend the rest of this evening stropping about taking it out on my dad. luckily she managed to stop messing me around with enough time for me to actually look for alternatives. i've got 8 weeks before i wanted to be sure i have an outfit, so i do have time to get a custom corset made, and therefore i'm not panicking. yet. it's disheartening to come so close in my mind and then get let down though. i do have a couple of ideas where to go next. lesyeuxouverts has also offered me her contacts too, so i should be able to find something. wish me luck!this time i'm: enragedthese songs i'm singing: bbc news @ 6
tags: dg - style consultant..., drama, rant, things that are not 'of joy'

(2 superheroes | save the world)



i'm not going to mention the football.

apr. 30th, 2009 @ 01:09 am 





no, i will not. although, now that i have... only kidding, although it didn't help with how utterly tense i was when i got home. 70+ minutes of arsenal being on the losing end of one goal was not entirely what i needed. ah well. i think we did well in defence - considering we barely attacked, and man u had rather more attempts on goal, we only let the one goal in - and we had a couple of attempts. i can but hope that we pull our heads up and get the lead out and actually make an effort next week. and what do you know, next week i might even be able to watch it live! oh, yeah, also - shut up andy gray. he drives me nuts, because he does say some absurdly stupid things. love for our player gibbs though - he was brilliant.ooops. oh well. enough already about the football. rehearsal was a bit... blah really. we've got one rehearsal left, and i think tonight was a bit flat because we weren't in costume (who's idea that was i don't know...) but because it was a little stilted and a couple of things went slightly awry i came home very wound up. in a way i wish it were possible to go to karaoke tomorrow night, since i need something to get rid of a little bit of this tension. ah well. maybe i shall have to do something energetic tomorrow afternoon to use up some of my nevous energy. i'm sure that isn't actually helping with the lines and remembering my moves, but i'm also sure that i'd be rather worried if i wasn't nervous. and that might lead to recursive worrying - in other words, "why am i worrying about the fact that i'm not worrying about my lines."what else. oh, yes, the bruises they keep coming. i landed on my elbow quite hard tonight. i should imagine i'll be all sorts of pretty colours by the end of the weekend. very attractive for my possible date on sunday evening. er, yes, i'm supposed to be going to see the wolvering origins film (♥ *squee* ♥) with mark, but he hasn't actually been in touch since last thursday, so we shall see. plus if i'm still worked up about the play i may have to cancel anyway - i may well be completely knackered and drained on sunday. i was originally going to make it a 'this is my reward for completing the play' thing, but if it actually is a date, then i'll probably work myself into a state anyway. if i change my mind about the date, i may go to the cinema on sunday anyway - just as a treat for me. i really want to see the fast & furious film because, well... fast vehicles with big engines are entirely my thing. and it'll be mindless enough that i can just sit and watch it.or maybe, just maybe i'll leave it all unplanned and be sponteneous. what?! i can be sponteneous sometimes. honest.i am ravenous right now - another thing about nervous energy is it makes me act like a caged tiger, i run around in circles. it has meant that i have lost weight. i wasn't actually aware that was possible (i mean, obviously it's possible, but i haven't exactly got that much to lose!), but i'm slightly worried so i'm going to search for something to eat that will mean i can put that weight back on. i mean, i'm a small person - i don't want to get smaller! also, i know i've said this before, but i must do more exercise. since my main problem is not fat loss, but a lack of muscle tone - which means i am lighter than if i would be if i worked out on a regular basis, due to the biological fact that muscle mass is heavier than fat mass.ok. food now, sleep in a bit. *snuggles flist* catch you on the other side of the play, or possibly tomorrow night if i feel inclined to whinge about the dress rehearsal.this time i'm: productivethese songs i'm singing: charmed
tags: arsenal, can you tell i'm bored yet?, cpp, movies, play, witter witter witter

(2 superheroes | save the world)


other entries


» and in response to this afternoon's entry!

i forsee more bruising in my future... since, with two rehearsals to go, we have made loads of changes to the play. not least the fact that we have replaced the bit at the end where i get to throw myself at the floor in a faint. fun! the director has also improved the humour in the only scene i have a problem keeping a straight face in. fortunately one of the improvements is that i get something else to focus on, unfortunately we've put in several more amusing actions to an already amusing moment, so... it's going to be terribly hard to stay serious and not amused!i'm somewhat nervous now. i desperately need to go over my lines a lot more, since i'm still struggling with some lines - i need to come up with a hook from a previous line that i know the person will definitely say - there's one line which the character rosie says which is "somebody sent me a sheaf of flowers for my birthday and i can't read the card" which i follow up with "yes you naughty girl you never told us it was your birthday." however rosie doesn't always say birthday in her sentence, and since that's what i'm looking for, i get slightly lost. i'm thinking of trying to link it with card instead, since she probably does say that every time. i guess i just have to go through the script, identify those lines i have trouble remembering, and link them back. tiresome, but useful.ok, ok. i'm stopping now.
apr. 27th, 2009 @ 10:49 pm

(save the world)

» hee. when fandoms collide...

i am watching the series 5 csi episode called crow's feet. doesn't matter what it's about, but there's a character in it who's a technician on a bug spray played by a.j. buckley, and a lab tech who probably never shows up again played by david anders, not a strange thing really, they're both american actors. however, they're both american actors with one thing in common, they both play significantly bigger parts in other shows i watch and their character names are adam. given, they're adam ross in csi ny and adam monroe in heroes, but *grin* i love coincidences like that.
apr. 23rd, 2009 @ 12:28 am

(2 superheroes | save the world)

» time for a girly squee moment...

the wolverine orgins film looks awesome. i've only just seen anything approaching a trailer (a complete coincidence - there are no more spoilers on that front) and i saw a couple of clips on friday night with jonathan ross, and it looks brilliant. hugh jackman is an amazingly talented man - he can play the didgeridoo! also he is hot.so yes, *squee*.
apr. 18th, 2009 @ 01:10 am

(2 superheroes | save the world)

» tonight's football...

the goal line is probably deserved, although the third goal should've been something scored by us in the first half instead of the penalty that wasn't really a penalty (in my opinion the guy got the ball, but judgement karma suggests that that's an even up on the other decision). i won't ramble, but i recorded the match because i was at rehearsal, and watched almost all of it (i fast forwarded about 10 minutes of the first half because my dad told me that there were no more goals) and enjoyed it immensely. so, man united next, eh? we can take 'em.the other thing i learnt from the arsenal match? robin van persie can't dance. the cute little celebratory dance that ade and the boys did was lovely, and including vp was nice because he scored, but he looked lost. maybe he's better at spur of the moment stuff instead of choreographed line dancing..? anyway. thorough enjoyment.one final thing - once again cesc fabregas was wonderfully instrumental in most of the good moves in the match - just a little snippet of a factoid, apparently fabregas ran 10.36km in tonight's game. i truly think that when he's missing, something goes missing from the team. obviously i'm not the only one who knows that, he's the captain - that means something too! *silly fangirly cesc fabregas love*
apr. 16th, 2009 @ 12:41 am

(save the world)

» (no subject)

found this whilst abusing my stumbleupon button. it made me smile in a "oh good grief what is the world trying to say to me" kind of way. just thought i'd share. it made me feel less alone.
apr. 10th, 2009 @ 11:52 pm

(7 superheroes | save the world)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























