



killian oaks academy – private school in miami – miami, florida

































































 







 



main office: (305) 274-2221  |   business office: (305) 972-4153|email: info@killianoaksacademy.com
















about 

history
mission
accreditations
academics
ethics


admissions 

application process
scholarships & aid
tuition & fees
international students


school life 

parent portal
uniforms


summer program 

summer description
summer schedule & fees
summer program application


contact









 






 

killian oaks academy2021-11-09t11:24:59-05:00 

killian oaks academy is a fully accredited prek-12 private school in miami, florida that has been transforming the lives of children since 1968. we provide a positive, enriching, and inspiring environment where students are valued and encouraged to succeed. our aim is to develop the whole student, and to support learners in becoming curious, reflective, and critical in their thinking as global citizens.
we believe that high quality education must be engaging, personalized, and inspiring. our program empowers each student by providing a well-rounded experience. we foster kindness, respect, and integrity. a killian oaks academy graduate is a student with a strong moral compass guiding them toward a fulfilling and bright future. 
we provide a curriculum that is customized to the learning style of the student. our commitment to innovation and best practices in education is supported by data-driven research. we work with each student to build an enduring foundation for academic, moral, and social success. killian oaks academy believes that all students can learn and succeed if they are provided with the opportunity to grow in an environment of expertise and knowledgeable support. 
our program offers:

low student to teacher ratio.
personalized learning approach.
purposeful curriculum that is rich and relevant.
remedial, accelerated, and honors courses.
development of strong personal values.
a focus on creative expression and growth.

killian oaks academy is dedicated to:

developing responsible and engaged learners.
maximizing student potential.
providing students with the learning and organizational skills to achieve success.
creating an atmosphere of acceptance and support.
developing confidence and a strong self-image.
fostering leadership skills and building exemplary citizens.





 
 
 




 
 
 
 







