






success orthodontics - twinsburg & mayfield heights, oh























































									mayfield heights  •  twinsburg  •  cleveland
(440) 442-3525










book a free evaluation


















home
about us

meet your team
the dr. gen difference
giving back
office tours
blog


treatments

anatomy of a dr. gen smile
high-tech braces

pitts21 braces
clear braces
same day braces


invisalign
digital scanning
accelerated treatment
airway orthodontics
surgical orthodontics
teeth whitening


smiles for all ages

first orthodontic check-up: age 7 & up
orthodontics for children
orthodontics for teens
orthodontics for adults


life with braces

braces care
braces tips & tricks
faqs


getting started

your first visit
new patient forms
insurance & financing


contact us

mayfield heights, oh
twinsburg, oh
cleveland, oh
book your free evaluation
dentist referral
join our team


 





 






improving smiles,
building confidence,
changing lives

book your free evaluation



























welcome to 
success orthodontics!
serving mayfield heights, lyndhurst, twinsburg, and surrounding areas in northeast ohio, dr. felix gen is your orthodontic specialist, offering invisalign® and braces for children, teens, and adults.
success orthodontics is a friendly, customer-service oriented practice dedicated to providing state-of-the-art orthodontic care in a comfortable environment. we are committed to helping you achieve a confident smile that will exceed your expectations!
we believe good communication between you, our office, and your general dentist is important to overall treatment success. our knowledgeable staff is available to answer any questions you may have, and parents are always welcome in the treatment area to observe their child’s progress.






 
we look forward to helping
you get a confident smile for life! 









 

 
the dr. gen difference




 

 
meet the doctors




 

 
same-day braces




 

 
smile gallery











our patients love their confident smiles!






“my kids both went to dr. gen for their braces, so we’ve been going to the office over several years; my last child just completed her treatment. we had an excellent experience. highly trained and organized office and staff. dr. gen is very passionate about his work. my kids smiles are beautiful. i highly recommend this practice.”
jill, google




“dr. gen and dr. a did marvelous work on my teeth and smile! they are up to date with the latest procedures. i had accelerated orthodontics done and they as well as the techs were professional, friendly, and caring throughout the entire treatment! could not have had a better experience and i highly recommend!”
shan, google




“the staff’s friendliness and the practice’s focus on patient comfort made each visit a positive experience. what truly sets this practice apart is the genuine concern for their patients. they go above and beyond to create a supportive environment, and it’s evident that patient well-being is their top priority. i couldn’t be happier with the results of my treatment. i highly recommend dr. gen for anyone seeking top-notch orthodontic care.”
gabriel, google




“thank you to this entire team for my gorgeous new smile! i cannot be happier with choosing dr. gen for my orthodontic treatment. i have been with the team for 3.5 years, 2 jaw surgeries, and many other dental treatments in this time frame. they have truly transformed my smile and my life. i am now smiling with so much confidence! highly recommend!”
erin, google


















lives are changing








 





 





 











don’t hide 
your smile,
transform it!
book a free evaluation
 with success orthodontics.







first name(required) last name(required) patient name (if not you)(required) email address(required)

phone(required)how did you hear about us?(required) comments(required)captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








5331
















 

mayfield heights
5827 mayfield road
mayfield heights, oh 44124

(440) 442-3525


directions



 









 

twinsburg
9964 vail drive suite 2
twinsburg, oh 44087

(330) 425-3573


directions



 









 

cleveland
1449 w 117th street
cleveland, oh 44107

(440) 442-3525


directions



 












home
about us
treatments
life with braces
getting started
contact us
privacy policy
 










 



 



 



 



 



 



 























×



request appointment






name(required) email(required)

phone(required)how did you hear about us?(required) message(required)captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








68380


































