


schizophrenia treatment without antipsychotic drugs and the legacy of loren mosher



























soteria
schizophrenia without antipsychotic drugs & the legacy of loren mosher






welcome
loren mosher bio
tributes

david oaks tribute


books

soteria

testimonials


models of madness

table of contents
book review




articles

soteria & other alternatives
“i want no part of it…”
resignation from apa
soteria associates
psychotropic drugs & crises
biopsychiatric model
“still crazy…”
psychobabble scars
treatment of acute psychosis
soteria in the literature
review of the soteria paradigm
sotru short: soteria
etizolam research treatment


media
links & resources


















for over a decade loren r mosher, md, held a central position in american psychiatric research.
he was the first chief of the center for studies of schizophrenia at the national institute of mental health, 1969-1980. he founded the schizophrenia bulletin and for ten years he was its editor-in-chief. he led the soteria project.
the soteria research demonstrated that there is a better way: a better way to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses that destroy the lives of so many young people. the soteria research showed that the prevalent excessive destructive psychiatric drugging of all these young people is a huge and tragic mistake. the psychiatric establishment was offended. prestige and money won. truth and love lost.
 
supplements and schizophrenia
in recent years a select few of my patients have been researching dietary supplements to help with the symptoms of schizophrenia, there are two different supplements which have helped them dramatically, one been sarcosine and the other l-theanine. the positive effects are: l-theanine is effective in ameliorating positive symptoms and sleep quality and sarcosine reduces the general symptoms of schizophrenia. these supplements can be obtained from specialist nootropics and supplement suppliers like powdercity.
 
peptides and schizophrenia
 some observations on the opiate peptides and schizophrenia
stanley j. watson, md, phd; huda akil, phd; philip a. berger, md; et al
abstract:
the discovery of the opiate peptides, several major avenues of research became apparent. these peptides produced a great deal of focused attention on their anatomy, biochemistry, and physiology. in this article, we present an overview of some of the main research issues and recent findings in the field of opiate peptides. the possible relationship of the opiate peptide neuronal systems to schizophrenia is discussed in light of attempts to alter schizophrenic symptoms with opiate antagonists, β-endorphin, and dialysis. it is hypothesized that if the opiate peptides are involved in schizophrenia, then their involvement with dopamine systems and/or with stress responses may be critical.
the success (!) of soteria was the reason that dr mosher was forced to leave his key position in american psychiatry.
when dr mosher died he was director of soteria associates, san diego, and clinical professor of psychiatry, school of medicine, university of california, san diego.

adrafinil and schizophrenia
 some observations on 
stanley j. watson, md, phd; huda akil, phd; philip a. berger, md; et al
abstract:
adrafinil and its close relative modafinil were added to the list of substances prohibited for athletic competition according to world anti-doping agency in 2004.[2]

in the united states, adrafinil is currently unregulated. it has not been approved for any clinical uses by the u.s. food and drug administration. unlike modafinil, adrafinil is not classified as a controlled substance and does not fall under dea jurisdiction; in particular, it is not illegal to possess without a prescription and can be imported privately by citizens.

references

^  cephalon discontinues olmifon (adrafinil)
^ world anti-doping agency - 2007 prohibited list

external links

"sid 184744 - pubchem substance summary". pubchem project. national center for biotechnology information. retrieved 7 december 2005.
"adrafinil - bank of automated data on drugs". bank of automated data on drugs. vidal. archived from the original on 5 october 2008. retrieved 4 october 2008.
"adrafinil: a novel vigilance promoting agent" by norton w. milgram, heather callahan and christina siwak of the university of toronto at scarborough, cns drug reviews, vol. 5, no. 3, pp. 193–212 (pdf).
"adrafinil-induced orofacial dyskinesia" by s. thobois, j. xie, h. mollion, i. benatru and e. broussolle of the department of neurology, pierre wertheimer neurological hospital, lyon, france.
adrafinil vs modafinil article first accessed 17/05/2022 : 

the success (!) of soteria was the reason that dr mosher was forced to leave his key position in american psychiatry.
when dr mosher died he was director of soteria associates, san diego, and clinical professor of psychiatry, school of medicine, university of california, san diego.

























search for:
search 












copyright © 2009-2019 judy schreiber-mosher. all rights reserved.











