




australians against flatuphobia























 






have you ever been
            in a situation where you have had a problem with
            flatulence and become a social outcast after just one
            mistake?  for example, accidently let one slip
            at a board room meeting and been demoted or even
            sacked.  ever broken wind at a religious service
            and been banished from all further gatherings. we are
            a support group who deals with these incidents of
            victimisation and provides victims with support,
            advice and encouragement. our other major function to
            promote anti flatuphobia in australia and breaking
            down the stereotype of flatulence in popular culture.
            


victims of
        flatuphobia: 



this story is from kate in
                olinda, victoria "i had worked at
                tobin brothers in croydon for five years. 
                during one funeral i accidently let one rip and
                sent the whole congregation into hysterics. but
                my boss didn't think it was funny and i was given
                notice a week later. they said the reason for my
                sacking was my poor attitude but i am certain it
                was due to my flatulence problem."




this story is from jenny
                ferntree gully, victoria "me, my
                brother and my boyfriend went to a restaurant a
                few days ago. my brother farted, but my brother
                said to my boyfriend, 'jen, stop farting'. now my
                boyfriend doesn't seem to take me seriously any
                more and mocks me because of the restaurant
                incident."




this story is from martin,
                montrose, victoria "as a kid my
                mother thought i had a problem with flatulence.
                she made me eat these charcoal tablets which were
                supposed to get rid of the problem. they had the
                side effect of causing explosive diahreah which
                was worse than the cause."



australians against flatuphobia is an
        organisation that is against flatuphobia, that is, fear
        of flatulence. as the above testimonies describe
        flatuphobia can devastate a person's life. flatuphobes
        rarely realise the damage they are causing. martin, above,
        has extensive colonic damage due to excessive diahreah as
        a child. martin's mother had no idea of the damage she
        was causing.
how we can help

        if you are located are melbourne victoria we provide face
        to face conselling to help you deal with flatuphobia. we
        also have group meetings which are held each week at the
        montrose town hall on the tuesday of each month and 7.00
        pm.  though flatuphobia is a serious issue we try
        not to take ourselves too seriously and we do have fun.
        check out our gallery of our
        easter trip to sydney. 
we also have a guestbook which is a handy way for
        people share their experiences with others. the best way
        to deal with flatuphobia is to discuss it.

how you can help
even if you don't join the aaf,
        as a first step, people should atleast have sympathy for
        victims of flatuphobia. kate (first testimony) might
        still be employed if some of her workmates had have shown
        her sympathy and helped her keep her job.
you can also help by filling out our survey
        about incidents and perceptions concerning flatuphobia.
        
how to join
the a.a.f. is currently
        recruiting new members. click
        for more information on becoming a member. to
        become a member send a private message to denise at denisebrunette at gmail dot com.
        you will be sent an information pack on member
        requirements and entitlements.


enter a.a.f. members private pages :


the a.a.f. also has a guestbook and a forum. if you
        would like to raise and/or argue an issue concerning
        flatuphobia please post in the forum. if you would like
        to leave a permanent message concerning the website
        please sign the guestbook. thanks.

click
        for the a.a.f. forum






click for the history
        of the aaf

president denise
        brunette vice president adam
        tumpt 
 
  
 

          




the aaf supports:  









