










comtronics: smart security for your home and business 



















































 one comtronics place, jackson, michigan 49203


 help@comtronics.com


 or   (517) 787-2900





customer login

















get a free estimate
















home

commercial

financial


residential












about
security tips











contact



get a free estimate 
                            customer login




















the smartest security system

                                                protecting what you love since 1958. our professionally installed and monitored electronic security systems keep your home or business secure 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, wherever you are.                                            
commercial
                                                                                          
                                            residential














refer a friend!

                                                refer a friend to comtronics and receive 1 month of monitoring for free. you can direct them to call or text us, or have them build a system right through our website to get a free estimate!                                            
free estimate














say goodbye to unnecessary alarm notifications

                                                with alarmvision, you’ll only be notified by what you want to see — be it a person, vehicle, or animal! even if you’re not available to respond to notifications, your cameras can communicate with your panel and trigger things like lights and talk down devices to deter potential intruders, and even trigger an alarm, all without you having to touch a button.                                            
learn more














customized video solutions for your business

                                                contact us today to discuss the best video solution for your small or large business.                                             
commercial solutions












previous



next











what we provide

                            as an authorized honeywell and resideo dealer, we provide you with top of the line features and services. we customize our systems to meet your individual needs.
                        












24/7 monitoring

                                    our 24-hour national monitoring center is committed to providing you with the best protection for your home and business.
                                











smart solutions

                                    your fully expandable security is not a one-size-fits-all system. we treat every customer on a personal level to best suit your needs.
                                











video verification

                                    reduce false alarms, dispatch fees, and get faster police response with live video verification.
                                











customized security

                                    your security is not a one-size-fits-all system. our goal is to treat every customer on a personal level, so we best suit your needs.
                                











automation

                                    convenient remote control of your property to adjust your lifestyle, including your lights, door locks, thermostats, and more.
                                











peace of mind

                                    our number one priority is to protect your peace of mind. if all we protect is your peace of mind, isn’t that enough?
                                



















































































































our partners

                        these companies are known for their world-class products and premier service. we are proud to be platinum partners with these fortune 500 companies.
                    


































we have you covered
over 60 years of first class security

                            comtronics is a premier provider of security systems dedicated to protecting what you love. we serve customers in over 20 states with security systems for residential and commercial clients. contact us to see if our services are available in your area.
                        
get in touch






































our mission

                            our goal is to establish a world-class organization grounded in integrity. we are flexible to provide unparalleled state of the art products and services, and we are cultivated by an environment which promotes personal and professional growth. partnering with employees, customers, and industry leaders, we work to create a team environment, with a passion for giving back to the community.
                            











foundedin 1958









family owned and operated









state of the art products and services









communityinvolvement 














security tips

                            learn more about professional security, life safety, and our solutions from the experts.
                        












                                    commercial, fire safety, installation, monitoring, security                                

commercial fire 101

a fire can destroy your business in a matter of seconds. it
is crucial to have a state-of-the-art f...


 12/21/2022

read this article











                                    family, kids, monitoring, residential, security, security tips                                

holiday travel tips

as we enter the holiday season, it's essential to practice safe travel and make sure you leave your ...


 12/01/2022

read this article











                                    installation, residential, security, security tips                                

6 ways your landline is costing you more than you think

the average cost of a phone line is $42 per month, and less than 40% of households in america still ...


 05/26/2022

read this article







all security tips










join our newsletter







                                        subscribe 
















about comtronics

                                establishing a world-class organization grounded in integrity. flexible to provide unparalleled state of the art products and services, and cultivated by an environment which promotes personal and professional growth. partnering with employees, customers and industry leaders to create a team environment, with a passion for giving back to the community.
                            






links

 home
 commercial
 residential
 home estimate tool
 about
 security tips
 contact
 customer login







contact information


 email help@comtronics.com




 or   customer service (517) 787-2900









 headquarters one comtronics place, jackson, michigan 49203























© copyright 2019. all rights reserved by comtronics website design by {+} pluscode






















pay online!

×






request a login to access your payment portal and sign up for automatic monthly payments!  




learn more
close























