










	plastic sheet manufacturer & supplier | goex





























            create config
        









page configuration
global configuration



clear
submit






edit
name
description
configuration type
type
































contact us
|







submit











sustainability


industries


consumer


food


graphics


medical




products


high-impact polystyrene


petg


polycarbonate


polyester


polypropylene


re•cover


other


stock sheet




services


resources


news & events


product data sheets


material acclimation




about us


history


fssc 22000


iso 9001:2015


interstate milk shippers




careers


apply here



contact us
careers






















the industry leader in extruding quality custom rigid plastic sheet and roll stock products.
tell us how we can help!





















graphics
goex materials are used in many durable, unique and sophisticated signage and display applications.
learn more












food
goex produces food safe plastics in a controlled environment with strong emphasis on quality and safety practices.
learn more













medical
goex meets the highest standards and demanding requirements of the medical thermoforming market.
learn more












consumer
goex materials are fundamental in creating functional, portable and appealing packaging solutions to help deliver your products to market.
learn more













fully-integrated and technologically-advanced, goex provides customers with quality extruded plastic products specifically designed to meet the demands of the marketplace.
contact us















we've got you covered









   food safetycertified what does food safety mean?   the fssc 22000 food safety and quality management system is an iso-based food safety management system certification that provides worldwide recognition and acceptance by food manufacturers, retailers, and consumers. read how this applies to goex as a food packaging material manufacturer. read more  












providing quality products & services
why quality matters


goex is certified to be in conformance with iso 9001:2015 standards. this accomplishment demonstrates the ability to consistently provide products and services that meet customer regulatory requirements and demands, helping organize processes, improve the efficiency of processes and continually improve them.
read more

















what's new




goex's latest sheetline newsletter
discover the power of polypropylene, goex's latest rpetg project, and the future of scope 3 sustainability!
 
...read more




new release: medpet®90 white paper
read how medpet®90 proves to be fully compatible with the #1 recycling stream.
...read more




upcoming tradeshow
md&m west
february 4-6, 2025 | booth #2142
anaheim convention center | anaheim, ca
...read more



















request a quote today!
thank you for considering goex for quality custom plastic sheet and roll stock needs.  we are passionate about customer satisfaction and the quality of our products.  if you have any questions about our products or services, or would like to find out more about our company, contact us today.
request a quote









be the first to find out what's new at goex as well as the latest in plastic sheet and roll stock technology.
 sign up













copyright © 2025 goex. all rights reserved. 
website designed by foremost media®
|

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|

admin

|
employees


join us on 













