



old greenwich yacht club - welcome













































































































 










































































welcome
















learn to sail
















sailing
















racing



















racing schedule
















race documents
















frostbiting
















race results
























water programs
















public open houses
















employment
















join ogyc



















membership application






















































* email







* password






remember me












forgot password











 

























welcome










membership in the old greenwich yacht club is open to all greenwich residents with an interest in boating, regardless of knowledge, ability or boat ownership. anyone wishing to make the most of boating on long island sound will find a family-oriented home port at ogyc.
established in 1943, ogyc provides the opportunity for town residents to get out onto the water, whether by sail, power or paddle.  for a modest membership fee greenwich residents can enjoy educational, cruise, race, and social events that enhance skills and promote fellowship among boaters. the foundation of ogyc is its 350 member families, their commitment to the club and their volunteering spirit.



















boating at greenwich pointgreenwich point is a great venue for boating of all kinds.  opportunities at the ogyc are complemented by programs and facilities run by tod's point sailing whose 2022 activities are currently being scheduled.sailboat, paddle board and kayak rentalssummer sailing programs for juniorsadult sailing classestown of greenwich marina facilitiessheltered anchorage and mooring fieldsboat launch rampboat storage areaskayak and paddle board rack storagelaunch service to mooring field provided through ogyc membership










 









     information:  info@ogyc.org          |         vendor invoices:  ogycvendorinvoices@gmail.com



















memberships / affiliations       









 









membersto access the website for the first time, click on the "forgot password" link.  in the next screen, provide the e-mail address on record with the club.  for assistance, please email ogycmemberservices@gmail.com.









































































©2009-2024 the old greenwich yacht club. all rights reserved.
















powered by wild apricot membership software




 
 



