



home - wssl: western suburban soccer league














navigationhomeadministrator's forumagendas & minutescalendarcoaches and managers pagecontactsmember clubspresident's pageresources & articlestreasurer's pageschedules and standingsselect teamsrecreational teamsarchived standingsquick linksmsysamspspcontact wssl

jennifer westwalewicz - administrator
wssladm@gmail.com


wssl on facebook




featured teamswed, 05 jun 2024 12:52:05 edt by draxionangel, 150737 views


the canton soccer club u13b wildcats won the michigan classic tournament this weekend in waterford, mi. the championship game ended in a 1-1 tie and went to penalty kicks. the wildcats came out the victors in the 7th round! go wildcats!


 



mpsa crush recognizes the envy fc of northville, michigan, and specifically the

northville sa envy 16-b orange team and coaches kirk rylance and nicholas

scarsella, and manager daniel ferrara and coaches scott bartkowiak, patrick

gannon, andrew suda, and the novi parks sc 15 lightning gold team.

mpsa crush coach andy sadler suddenly passed away on october 23. andy coached

a number of teams and over the next few days many his opposing coaches reached out

to offer condolences and support. andy would have wanted the games to continue and

they did.

	 

in the match pitting 2016 asb side at the envy 16-b orange team, the northville boys

wore armbands with as and gifted them to the crush players after the game. coach

rylance met andy the week before while he was waiting for his game on a field where

andy was coaching. he said his club and team wanted to honor andy because he was

a great coach and loved the sport and it was important to teach values that go beyond

the scoreboard.

	 

novi parks sc 15 lightning gold hosted the 2015 asb team on sunday, they had a

moment of silence before the game to honor andy and shared their memories about

him.

thank you to the envy fc and northville parks sc who exemplified class,

compassion, and what soccer is all about.




top (left to right): calvin d, denver h, macallan g, dylan v, brayden k

bottom (left to right): lucas d, andrew d, brady y, jacob j, ben s, reign g, maverik t

congratulations to the hsa chiefs 14 boys select team! they took 1st place in the autumn classic soccer tournament in traverse city, in a shoot out after double over time. what an intense game!!


		 





what should one do after a very competitive 4 v 4 wssl game pitting the 2017 pwg team against the 2017 ang mpsa crush teams?

celebrate with pizza and popsicles! that is how crush rolls.

here are the teams enjoying the aforementioned pizza and popsicles, and some siblings, mugging for the camera and enjoying a reward for playing the beautiful game.

as always, thanks to our wonderful and supportive parents who rooted for both teams and celebrated their achievements on the pitch.

	 
aboutfri, 24 aug 2012 14:36:28 edt by , 2729979 views
the western suburban soccer league (wssl) is a youth soccer league consisting of both recreational and select levels of play for ages u7-u19. there are more than 55 clubs in wssl, featuring more than 700 teams and 10,000 players annually.

	 

if you are a club looking for a league, please complete and submit this form.

	 

if you are a player looking for a team, please contact one of our wssl clubs for more information.
pages:12345678910 ... >>>

copyright 2025 © wssl: western suburban soccer leaguepowered by jcore



