


















sheriff's office | ashtabula county, oh - official website









 















skip to main content



















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 












search







 
 
 


    government      business      our community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 




 







 
homegovernmentdepartmentssheriff












sheriff's office		






welcome to the ashtabula county sheriff’s officethe ashtabula county sheriff’s office is committed to protecting the lives, property and rights of all people in ashtabula county with fairness, compassion and respect. the sheriff’s office is responsible for the professional care and custody of those confined in our jail, the security of our courts and the prompt investigation of crime when it occurs. we promote the setting of goals in partnership with the community, and prioritize addressing problems based on concerns of the community. we demand excellence in the quality of our law enforcement, stressing professionalism, integrity and timeliness, so that those we serve may feel secure. committed to continuous improvement in law enforcement, we promote and utilize the most modern techniques and technology available. it is our mission to improve and maintain the quality of life we enjoy and to ensure that our county is a safe place to raise a family, work and visit.servicesconcealed carry permitcarrying a concealed handgun is a privilege in ohio. with this privilege comes a responsibility to be aware, not only of the common sense rules of safe firearm handling, but the laws that affect how, when and where you can carry your firearm, and how to properly use the handgun to defend yourself or another person. ccw permits are processed monday through friday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. by appointment only. to apply for a concealed carry permit, you will need:a completed applicationa passport size (2"x2") color photo a valid form of identification (driver’s license or state id)a $67 for new applicants;  $50 for renewals; no fee for veterans  (bank cashier's check or mondy order only. no other forms of payment are accepted. make payable to the ashtabula county sheriff's office) a certificate of completion from a ccw course (for new applicants only)if you are a veteran obtaining your license for the first time, we will still need a completed application and 2"x2" photo as well as your dd214.to schedule an appointment for a ccw permit, click on the link below.**** attention**** after june 30, 2021 ashtabula county can only issue ccw licenses to ashtabula, geauga, lake and trumbull county residents.background checksbackground checks are conducted monday through friday from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. by appointment only. you will need to bring with you, a valid form of identification and a completed form (for web checks).costa money order is the only accepted form of payment. money orders can be made payable to the ashtabula county sheriff's office.bci web check - $40fbi web check - $48both bci & fbi - $88ink fingerprint cards - $15appointments for background checks can be made by calling the civil office at (440) 576-3546.



 
 




sex offender search



 
 
 





 




   
 
 
 














william r. niemi
sheriff


25 w. jefferson st.
jefferson, oh, 44047


ph: 440-576-0055

office hours
civil office
monday- friday
8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.

 






  
 
 



 





administrative staff




public affairs & community outreach




detective bureau




uniform division




k-9 unit




sheriff sales




county jail





commissary & telephone access




visitation




incoming mail






contact us




ceaac





advisory board




ceaac officers







 





 














intranet








transparency portal








employment opportunities








online bill pay








notifications










 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







	25 w. jefferson st.
jefferson, oh 44047

phone: 440-576-9090

monday - friday | 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
individual office hours may vary.
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







public defender



ashtabula county readyalert emergency notification



better business bureau 



federal trade commission (ftc)



encyclopedia



national do not call registry



ohio geological survey



ohio memory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







using this site







home



accessibility



contact us



copyright notices



privacy notices



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 





 government websites by civicplus®


 
 
 




















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









