






the center for the future - the center for the future


















































 

 








 


  menu

skip to content
home
about
products

electromagnetic protection
wellness
pendants


services

the quantum pulse biophotonic energy machine
reiki
holistic voice


customer support
contact



 



 



the center for the future

welcome to a bright and wonderful future
where past and future meet in the present….
did you know that good health may be possible for everyone and that if everyone on this planet had access to it would go a long way to solving many of the problems we face around the world?
just imagine, is it really possible?
drawing on the innovation and wisdom of our collective past, coupled with the creativity and inventiveness of the present, the center for the future introduces you to a forward-thinking plethora of wellness products and services designed not just to enhance your life, but with the intent to change the old paradigm that good healthcare is only available through the current allopathic medical model, that pharmaceutical drugs and surgery are the only answer.
imagine a place, where….
from the present and from the past come solutions of the future that are available here and now….
we are andrew and doe, and through the center for the future, we have offered leading-edge ideas, products, and services since 1999, spreading awareness of what is possible for ourselves and our planet. whether through our unique energy pendants, advanced frequency wellness products, holistic voice lessons, and healing services from doe, that include reiki and breathwork, products that can protect you from the onslaught of microwave frequencies from cell phones, wi-fi, etc., the goal of the center for the future remains the same….to facilitate for our planet the real possibility of an enhanced and enlightened future.
but we have much more – please read on….
over the years we have realized that there is one thing most people wish for, good health. having good health provides the foundation to live a fulfilled and happy life. the problem is, however, that good health is difficult to come by when we are constantly bombarded with pharmaceutical and fast food advertising that brainwashes us into thinking that the human immune system can be replaced with a plethora of vaccines and that eating a sizeable double cheeseburger with fries, washed down with by a 20 oz coke, is a good idea, as long as it’s accompanied with a selection of statin, blood pressure, and blood sugar lowering medications to offset the consequences. unfortunately, however, this kind of lifestyle just creates even more health problems.
we believe in the possibility of a bright and wonderful future, and we have come to realize, that without good health, as mentioned, people cannot simply live to their fullest potential, and often fall into destructive pastimes and patterns in the vain hope of achieving fulfillment. over the years the center for the future has offered a variety of innovative and cutting-edge products; some have come and gone while others remain, tried, and tested.
this is the third iteration of this website. the last one mysteriously disappeared one day and couldn’t be revived. so, we have built this new one and are offering some of the products we have offered before, plus some new and exciting ones that we hope to include in the future.
below are listed products from the following companies, and services offered by doe kelly.
products
biomagnetic research
clearing the harmful effects of electromagnetic radiation for over thirty years.
visit our electromagnetic protection page.
q-link
for enhanced wellbeing, performance, and quality of life.
visit the official q-link website
less emf
shop emf meters and shielding at lessemf.com
functional and sacred geometry pendants
beautiful handmade functional crystal catalyst pendants by biomagnetic research, designed to positively affect the personal energy field to address specific issues and concerns, and to help attract specific situations into a person’s life.
sacred geometry pendants handcrafted by a family of artisans in india, these sparkling, high-quality, aesthetically pleasing sacred geometry pendants contain mandalas and ancient sacred symbols, set in one of five semi-precious gemstones.
visit our pendants page.
services
reiki
offering remote reiki sessions worldwide, and in-person in sw longmont, colorado – learn more.
holistic voice
voice coaching and vocal instruction for the whole person, holistically orientated, plus vocal performances by doe kelly, in the front range area of colorado – learn more.
quantum pulse, by vibe technologies
we offer sessions with our quantum pulse machine in longmont, colorado. the quantum pulse improves the quality of your life by bringing your vibrational level back to its natural state of being – learn more.
please follow us on facebook
 

comments are closed.



 





links
disclaimer


		the center for the future | powered by mantra &   wordpress.	







