


the unofficial algoma central ry home page by ted ellis









railway photos by ted ellis
and
the unofficial
    algoma central railway home page



 











 
here are some of my favorite
railroad photos that i have taken over the years. i've made several different portfolios
to make it easier to find pictures of interest to you. 
 



last updated  

august 9, 2014 
with 2 new copper basin photos!
 



the yellow highlighted areas indicates
where the newest photos and/or updates are.


 




unofficial
    algoma central home page

    here you will find several pages of algoma central railway photos, including 
    rosters of engines, cars, work equipment, stations and other photos.
    

a photo  


of the 9520 
    van taken in july 1958 added september 12, 2013.



o
    canada!

this page has other canadian
    photos, mainly from the western provinces, but also including a trip to 
      churchill and to the quebec cartier. 




desert rails
the railroads of arizona!
    here are photos of all known railroads here in arizona, grouped by railroad. 




new photos!

here are some random 
    photos taken within the last few months or so. last updated 
    august 9, 2014 with the copper basin 304 in its new paint colors.



storm light & night photos!

now that i am shooting 
    digital i've been experimenting with types of photography that i rarely 
    tried before account the cost of film. with digital, if the shot doesn't 
    turn out i just delete it or enhance it (some would say "doctoring") with 
    photoshop. and also the newer digital cameras are much more flexible under 
    various lighting conditions. 
    6 
    new night photos added may 6, 2014.



old,
      rare and obscure
i first started shooting
    kodachrome in upper michigan as a teenager in 1964. here are some of the better photos
    from then of the various railroads in upper michigan, northern wisconsin and
      a few other places. 



steam
although i've never been a
    really big steam fan, i do enjoy getting them on film.



grand
      canyon ry railfan weekend
 
    here are the photos of the atsf 3751 nrhs special on the grand canyon ry. 



the grand canyon limited

ten years after the above nrhs 
    special the atsf 3751 once again visited arizona and the grand canyon. may 
    2012. photos added may 22, 2012.




2001:
      an acr odyssey!
i
      spent the first 2 weeks of july of 2001 in upper michigan and northern ontario to
      get the last of the acr and wc before the cnr takeover. the weather was
      good for the most part, and it was the first time in 5 years that i had
      been to the acr. 





      road trip 2002!

2002's railfan trip was a road trip of about 
    5800 miles around the western part of the us and canada. we got the utah, 
    rarus/mtw, bnsf, cpr, mrl, bcr and various other railroads. photos from this 
    trip are posted in 3 sections - enjoy eh! finished posting all photos aug. 
    20, 2002.




      northern ontario 2003!


    2003's trip was a 2 1/2 week road and flying trip, with the main objective 
    getting as much of the ontario northland railway as possible before any 
    merger. while the weather basically sucked for the most part (!!), we did 
    get some nice onr photos, as well as other soon to be retired equipment. 





      road trip 2004!

last year's railfan trip was to the national 
    train show in seattle, washington, with a week before and after the train 
    show for foaming! i got some good shots of the utah, bnsf, montana rail 
    link, and the black mesa & lake powell rr's. 




      road trip 2005!

this year's railfanning expedition was to drive 
    to the national train show in cincinnati, while burning a lot of film on the 
    way there and back, as well as stopping at various hobby shops.
     



road trip 2006!

someday...it was a trip back east and i hope to someday have the 
	photos from that trip scanned.... ;)



road trip 2007!

coming soon! 2007's trip was to the national train 
    show in detroit, michigan.



road trip 2008!

i really didn't do a 'road trip' this year account 
    various issues, but i did get some time in on the cumbres & toltec scenic 
    railway - saw the 315 and the goose no. 5. photos coming someday...



road trip 2009!

once 
	again i was able to get on the road and burn a lot of film traveling from here 
	in arizona to montana and back, filming everything i could. 




road trip 2012!
this was a 
    5300 mile driving trip from the phoenix, arizona area to the national train 
    show in grand rapids, michigan and then across upper michigan and back 
    towards arizona. it was a great trip and my first long trip since going over 
    to the dark side, as in shooting only digital photos. july/august 2012. 




road trip 2013!
 this year's 
    road trip was later than usual seeing as how it was time to see trainfest in 
    milwaukee again. it was 2 weeks on the road, and i did get some decent shots 
    of leased power on the grainbelt in oklahoma and also some decent arkansas & 
    missouri photos as well. posted december 3, 2013.



sp
      semaphores!
blades!
here are 19 photos from a trip to the carrizozo, new mexico area on
    the ex espee line that at that time still had *real* semaphores (as in lower quadrant) in service.
    these semaphores have now been replaced by tri-lights, so i 
    feel lucky to have been able to get some photos of them! 





    oregon!
 
    here are some photos taken while on a business trip to the grants 
    pass/medford area in july of 1995. while i didn't get as many shots of the 
    semaphores as i would have liked to, at least i got a chance to see a couple 
    of new (to me) railroads.





    chicago!

some more oldies have recently surfaced and are 
    now scanned and posted for your enjoyment. this were taken in the mid to 
    late '60's in the chicago area back when i was a teenager. 





    the twin cities!

seeing as how i have been going through my old 
    slides with the above subject, i also found a bunch of slides taken on a 
    trip to the minneapolis/st. paul minnesota area in november of 1966. the 
    second section is photos of my july 1970 trip to the area.





      santa fe semaphores!
more
      blades! here are photos from a june of 2000 trip to the
      raton, new mexico area. while there are not a whole lot of trains running
      in this area, the santa fe semaphores are quite accessible and make for a
      great photo. these semaphores are also being replaced at this time, so get
      your photos now!  
     




    modeling!
here are some photos of my various efforts at ho modeling in the past 
    50 (yes - it has been that many!)
    years. it seems like certain people don't seem to think i've done any scenery or 
    structure work on my layout...i've posted a few photos that will prove 
    otherwise....



running
    extra
not all of my photos are of
    railroads! here are some of my other photos that are a little bit different, or ones that
    i just happen to like. 



the
    caboose
and here are some links to
    other sites, odds and ends, and a little bit about myself  :).



i hope you 
enjoy these photos! you can send me e-mail at  
desert-rails 
(at) cox.net 
with any comments, flames, ideas, etc. - i'd like to hear from you. this is my first
effort at building and publishing a web page. thanks also to henry at railfan.net for all
of his help, patience, etc. with helping me getting this all together!







 
this website is optimized for 
firefox 
- internet exploder or other browsers may not show everything correctly!

 
this web site and all
pages and photos within it are copyright ©1964-2014 by ted ellis (unless noted
otherwise). all rights
reserved.
 
this web site 
was first
published july 2, 1998 back in the dark ages of dial-up internet access!
 
 
 

