


1001 national parks of canada information - proudly presented by kanada news' canada vacation planner






















































national parks of canada
alberta - british columbia - manitoba - new brunswick -
nova scotia - ontario - prince edward island -
québec - saskatchewan - yukon territory 












if you think of canada you automatically think of national parks. this is quite understandable, if
you imagine, that canada is a country full of beauty and expanse. canada's national parks are designed
to preserve this natural beauty for future generations.


history of canadian national parks reaches  back to november 1885, when about 26 square kilometres
on the northern slope of sulphur mountains were set aside for protection. this was the beginning of
what is today known as banff national park.


in 1887, the rocky mountain park act established banff national park. this was the first canadian
national park ever.


soon to follow were yoho, glacier and waterton lakes national parks of western canada. in 1904, the
first national park of eastern canada was established with st lawrence islands national park.


today, there are 38 national parks and national park reserves. national park reserves are established
in areas with unresolved land claims. as soon as those claims are settled, the area will become a
national park. in 1997, the total area covered by national parks was as large as 224,465.9 sq km,
which is about the size of two per cent of canada's total land mass. not included are numerous
provincial parks, that can be found in all provinces.


national parks are protected by federal legislation. all activities, that use up natural resources,
such as mining, forestry, agriculture and hunting are prohibited. some designated areas are open for
sport fishing, however special rules apply.


recreational activities, such as hiking, canoeing, cross-country skiing or snow-shoeing are considered
compatible with the park rules. therefore canadian national parks play a major role in recreation of
canadians and visitors to canada. the parks allow you to enjoy nature to its fullest. activities
include  wildlife viewing, overnight hiking experiences, canoe or kayak tours through the county's
endless waterways, wilderness camping or simply enjoying of nature. canadian national parks offer
unlimited fun in unison with nature.


if you visit one of canada's national parks, make sure you know about the rules and behaviors within
the parks. the park offices will kindly give you all information necessary!








national parks by province








alberta   






banff national park



elk island national park





jasper national park



waterton lakes national park 





wood buffalo national park 



 








british columbia   






glacier national park



gwaii haanas national park





kootenay national park



mount revelstoke national park 





pacific rim national park reserve 



yoho national park








manitoba   






riding mountain national park 



wapusk national park 








new brunswick   






fundy national park 



kouchibouguac national park








nova scotia   






cape breton highlands national park



kejimkujik national park 








ontario   






bruce peninsula national park



fathom five national marine park 





georgian bay islands national park



point pelee national park





pukaskwa national park 



st. lawrence islands national park  








prince edward island   






prince edward island national park 

 







quebec   






forillon national park 



la mauricie national park  





mingan archipelago national park reserve



 








saskatchewan   






grasslands national park



prince albert national park 








yukon territory   






ivvavik national park 



kluane national park and reserve  





vuntut national park



 





further information can also be obtained in our provincial & territorial travel guides




alberta



british columbia



manitoba



new brunswick



newfoundland & labrador





nova scotia



ontario



prince edward island



québec



saskatchewan





yukon territory



 



 



 



 





other links









all rights reserved kanada news ©2000-2002



