


























maryland sea grant











      skip to main content
    











homebookstorevideostopics a-zdonate


















science serving maryland's coasts








search















homeabout us mission & achievementsabout usmaryland sea grant at a glancebiennial reportemploymentour office / directorydonatesubscribeprivacy policyresearch projects & fundingour priorities our prioritiesfundingfor funded researcherseseagrant portalcurrent research projects — listsearch research projectssearch research publicationseducation teachers & studentsour programsk-12 resourcesundergraduate opportunitiesgraduate fellowshipspost graduate fellowshipsfellowship experiences: a students' blogcommunities extension & outreachour servicescoastal climate resilienceeconomicsfisheries and aquacultureseafood safety and technologywater issues and restorationbay issues learn morebay issues guideecosystems and restorationhow you can helpchesapeake bay facts and figurescrabs, oysters, other animalscoastal flooding and climate changewater safetybay culturenews/blogs & chesapeake quarterlywhat's newchesapeake quarterlyon the bay: chesapeake quarterly's blogfellowship experiences: a students' blognews releasessea level rise special reportheadwaters newslettervideosour communications staff and productsour policy on online comments




















 
chesapeake quarterly magazinebay blues: how blue catfish are changing the bay (december 2024)invasive blue catfish have spread to most of the chesapeake bay's major rivers. this issue explores the problems and potential these fish bring to the region.learn more


 
call for symposium presenters and authorsthe chesapeake rising: innovative law and policy solutions for climate adaptation in coastal communities symposium will explore key legal and policy considerations that affect climate adaptation strategies. it provides a unique opportunity for upper-level law students and early-career lawyers to present and publish their legal scholarship.learn more


 
welcome
maryland sea grant college, a university system of maryland program, works to apply science to protect and restore the chesapeake bay and maryland’s coastal resources. we fund and explain scientific research to help leaders and communities deal with our state’s major environmental challenges, and promote a sustainable coastal economy.
learn more



 
research
support for sound scientific research and those who undertake it is at core of maryland sea grant's mission. with a special focus on the chesapeake bay, we have a tradition of fostering innovative scientific inquiry and analysis. we emphasize projects that offer practical applications for the protection and restoration of maryland’s coastal resources.
learn more



 
education
maryland sea grant works to increase marine science literacy across the full spectrum of education, from children in grade school to ph.d. candidates. we are committed to helping inform and equip citizens to take on the long-term challenges of protecting the environmental and economic sustainability of maryland’s coastal resources.
learn more



 
communities
through its extension program, sea grant reaches out to maryland — to its citizens, community and government leaders, and industries. our experts travel to towns and cities across the state where we work with marylanders regularly to help them respond to environmental and social changes. our goal is to foster viable communities that can live sustainably within the chesapeake bay watershed.
learn more

















maryland sea grant college


maryland sea grant college, a university-based partnership with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration, is a service organization administered by the university of maryland center for environmental science. we fund research, education, and outreach throughout the state of maryland. our offices are located in college park, maryland. learn more about us. maryland sea grant affirms our commitment to collaboration with all communities. we promote research, education, communication, and extension work throughout the chesapeake bay and maryland’s coastal waters, supporting people of all backgrounds and experiences.






















































news and blogs


read more




 



february 13, 2025

why language matters in the environmental field








 



january 31, 2025

a simplified look at the knauss fellowship application timeline








 



january 14, 2025

workshop convenes drone pilots and researchers to aid the study of marshes 



















collaboration through conversationthe engaging faith communities for coastal resilience project uses collaborative learning to engage churches, government decision-makers, and ngos in climate change adaptation discussions. learn more about the benefits of this approach through this video, produced with funding from noaa by maryland sea grant in partnership with the umd department of anthropology.more videos • read more



forecasting sea level rise for maryland
scientists release new projections for future sea level rise for the chesapeake bay and for maryland, virginia and nearby mid-atlantic coastal areas. in these regions, sea levels are rising faster than the global average. more videos from maryland sea grant.
 






growing oysters to clean the bay
bay-area residents interested in restoring water quality in chesapeake bay can help through oyster gardening, growing oysters off a dock. most of those dockside oysters will end up on sanctuary reefs where they will go to work filtering water at the rate of 50 gallons a day. more videos from maryland sea grant.



 poplar island marsh study poplar island in the mid-chesapeake bay is now being developed as a holding site for sediment dredged from the bay's shipping channels. scientist lorie staver is studying the ongoing regrowth of grasses planted to stabilize the island and to provide habitat for wildlife. more videos from maryland sea grant. 


 breathing lessons for the bay three decades ago, scientists working on maryland's patuxent river showed how sewage discharges robbed the river of oxygen, creating dead zones that can kill fish and crabs. their discoveries led to the current bay cleanup campaign. more videos from maryland sea grant. 


 anthropologist on the bay do the watermen of the chesapeake bay share similar values? is their outlook rooted in their work, their sense of community? anthropologist michael paolisso took those questions to deal island, an isolated enclave along maryland's eastern shore. more videos from maryland sea grant. 


 lifeguard academy summer brings sun, fun, and surf, but the surf contains threats to swimmers: rip currents that can sweep them out to sea. see how the ocean city, maryland, beach patrol saves lives. more videos from maryland sea grant. 



walter boynton: a life in science
a native of new england, walter boynton began his science career as a summertime assistant at the chesapeake biological laboratory in solomons, maryland. over the next 40+ years he became a leading marine researcher and advocate for science-based approaches to restoring the chesapeake bay. 
more videos • mathias medal























predictive ecology: the history of the university of maryland center for environmental science 1925-2025
view











 


view issue


chesapeake quarterly magazine
bay blues: how blue catfish are changing the bay
subscribe

























about us


about us


maryland sea grant at a glance


biennial report


employment


our office / directory


donate


subscribe


privacy policy










research


our priorities


funding


for funded researchers


eseagrant portal


current research projects — list


search research projects


search research publications










education


our programs


k-12 resources


undergraduate opportunities


graduate fellowships


post graduate fellowships


fellowship experiences: a students' blog










communities


our services


coastal climate resilience


economics


fisheries and aquaculture


seafood safety and technology


water issues and restoration










bay issues


bay issues guide


ecosystems and restoration


how you can help


chesapeake bay facts and figures


crabs, oysters, other animals


coastal flooding and climate change


water safety


bay culture
























 







 




©2023 maryland sea grant. all rights reserved.





















5825 university research court, suite 1350 | college park, md 20740
phone: (301) 405-7500 | fax: (301) 314-5780 | contact us




















