






jacksonville onslow chamber of commerce | connecting business, military & community





















































g-w9jqfzecdg






 










our chamber

about us
chamber staff
board of directors
committees

ambassadors committee
business diversity council
military affairs committee
small business committee


contact us
room rentals
chamber connection


news

duke energy outage alerts


membership

become a member
get involved
member login
member directory
e-decal request
starting your business


programs & events

signature events
events calendar
leadership
sponsorship opportunities


military

military affairs committee

service member of the year and service member of the month
fish frys


bases
military economic impact


community

visiting the area
moving to area
our partners
schools
visit onslow tourism
african american heritage trail


 


select page


  
 
 











connecting
business, military & community






;


















engaged onslow bridal expo
more information










trades day
learn more










small business council meetingthursday | february 13, 2025 | 10:30 am-12:30 pm
join the small business council for a tour of mike’s farm! learn about the business and do some last-minute valentine’s day shopping at their gift shop and bakery.
we offer this session in partnership with the small business council at the jacksonville onslow chamber of commerce. this meeting is open to the public and anyone can attend – however, pre registration is required to attend the tour.
please note, this event will take place at mike’s farm. mike’s farm is located at 1600 haw branch rd, beulaville, nc 28518. please meet the group at mike’s farm and make arrangements to arrive at least 15 minutes prior to the tour.
 
register










administrative professionals' celebration
learn more









become a memberthe jacksonville•onslow chamber of commerce has a 76 year tradition of doing what’s best for the business community. the chamber is a volunteer organization of business and professional individuals who have joined together for the purpose of promoting the civic and economic progress of our community.
we exist to act as a voice for businesses in jacksonville and onslow county and to put into action the group thinking of its members. we are vigilant in connecting business, military, and community.
learn more

























 







     online payments 
the jacksonville onslow chamber of commerce does not share or sell your information to any third party organizations. view our  privacy policy for more information.

 






facebook




twitter




instagram


©2017 jacksonville • onslow chamber of commerce - all rights reserved 




g-w9jqfzecdg



















