america magazine | the jesuit review of faith & culture skip to main content top left menuexploredonatetop right menufor youlog inaccount newslettersprofilelogoutsubscribemegamenu mobile insertdonatefor yousubscribemegamenu left menuabout uspodcastsvideowritersprint issueseventsclassifiedssearchnewslettersmegamenu right menupolitics & societyus politicslgbt issuespro-lifeeditorialscatholic educationracial justiceimmigrationart & culturebooksfilmtelevisiontheaterpoetryartideascatholic book clubfaithpope francisliturgybishopsfaith in focusfaith and reasonwomen in the churchthe wordscripturemegamenu bottom menureadwatchlistenlorem ipsumloading...loading...click here if you don’t see subscription optionsfaith and reasonthe problem with jd vance’s theology of ‘ordo amoris’—and its impact on policystephen j. popeshort takefaith groups sued the trump administration for its immigration policies. church leaders should support them.kathleen bonnettenewspope francis to remain in hospital longer than expectedhis clinical condition is “complex,” the vatican said.gerard o’connellmy journey from usaid officer to jesuit priestbenjamin b. hawley, s.j.vatican secretary of state: palestinians must not be deported from gazacarol glatz - catholic news servicethe danger of mistaking religion for godterrance klein latest from americafebruary 17, 9:36 ampope francis to remain in hospital longer than expectedby gerard o’connellfebruary 16, 9:12 ampope francis calls for global peace in message from hospital bedby gerard o’connellfebruary 15, 2:24 pmdoctors report pope francis' health is improvingby gerard o’connellfebruary 15, 9:02 am pope francis appoints an italian nun as the first woman governor of vatican cityby gerard o’connellfebruary 14, 3:45 pmpodcast: how julian of norwich and other mystics can change your life by jesuitical see allour voicessam sawyer, s.j.sam sawyer, s.j.the bishops, trump and why we can’t predict the future of politicscolleen dullecolleen dullewhat does the vatican know about a.i.? a lot, actually. gerard o’connellgerard o’connellpope francis to remain in hospital longer than expectedsee allcover storycatholic kitsch: why simple religious art is actually greatfrom glow-in-the-dark rosary beads to st. christopher dashboard statues and pope francis bobbleheads, a tribute to the complicated life of catholic kitschkerry weberfebruary 10, 2025 most popular1pope francis to remain in hospital longer than expectedgerard o’connell2the emily dickinson poem about love that you should readjayme stayer, s.j.3trump is abusing his executive power. congress must push back.the editors4poverty should not make a good life impossiblenathan schneider5the problem with jd vance’s theology of ‘ordo amoris’—and its impact on policystephen j. popenews and analysisjd vance says foreign aid is ‘spreading atheism,’ defends cuts at religious freedom summitby kate scanlon - osv newssunday mass attendance is back to pre-pandemic levelsby gina christian - osv newscatholic bishops can—and should—do more to help homeschooling parentsby madeleine (klem) mcdowell from mass deportations to transgender issues, the u.s. bishops react to trump executive ordersby connor hartigan current issuevol.232/no.2february 1soccer vs. sunday mass: how youth sports are undermining religion—and hurting our kidsengland’s ‘catholic moment’: what can the history of british converts tell us about american catholics?when catholics controlled hollywoodthe human heart and the sacred heart: what pope francis can teach us about a holy devotionsee current issuesubscribemarch 13, 2023video: top 10 moments of pope francismore videosvideo: pope benedict xvi: a tributedecember 31, 2022video: we get it. the catholic struggle is real.april 28, 2022video: this historic catholic parish fought to stay open—and wonjanuary 24, 2022all videos  the jesuit review of faith and culturefooter menu oneabout uscareerswriting guidelinesprivacy policycontact usfooter menu twodonatesubscribe press roomadvertiseclassifieds marketplacejesuit vocationsnewsletter sign upsign up for freefollow uscopyright © 2025 america press inc. | all rights reserved.×we noticed you haven't confirmed your email address.we ask our visitors to confirm their email to keep your account secure and make sure you're able to receive email from us.you can either click on the link in your confirmation email or simply re-enter your email address below to confirm it.trouble getting registered? we’re sorry registration isn't working smoothly for you. check out some of the most common solutions, and if those don’t fix your issue, contact us at members@americamedia.org. | close this messagelog in to your accountwhy am i being asked to log in?we ask readers to log in so that we can recognize you as a registered user and give you unrestricted access to our website. you can also manage your account details and your print subscription after logging in. logging in will also give you access to commenting features on our website.read more about our privacy policy. | close this messagecreate a new accountwhy am i being asked to create an account?if you are trying to comment, you must log in or set up a new account. this helps us promote a safe and accountable online community, and allows us to update you when other commenters reply to your posts.  read more about our policies | close this messagegood news—this is your 5th america article this month.register for free or log in to continue reading.when you register, you’ll get unlimited access to our website and a free subscription to our email newsletter for daily updates with a smart, catholic take on faith and culture from america.wondering why we ask for your email, or having trouble registering? since you’re a frequent reader of our website, we want to be able to share even more great america content with you and let you know about more ways to get involved with our media ministry. there’s no charge or cost for access to the website, we’ll never sell your email and you can unsubscribe at any time.read more about our privacy policy here.if you’re having trouble registering, check out some of the most common solutions, and if those don’t fix your issue, please contact us at members@americamedia.org. | close this messageemailpassword reset instructions will be sent to your registered email address.submitemail or usernamepasswordlog inreset your passwordhelp america keep bringing you stories like thisas a frequent reader of our website, you know how important america’s voice is in the conversation about the church and the world. we can't do it without you—america media relies on generous support from our readers. please visit our membership page to learn how you can invest in our work by subscribing to the magazine or making a donation.if you’re already a subscriber or donor, thank you! if you login and register your print subscription number with your account, you’ll have unlimited access to the website. please contact us at members@americamedia.org with any questions.subscribedonateremind me later