



ny artists unlimited



















		 212 west 14 street, suite 2a, new york, ny 10011
phone/fax: (212)242-6036 
email: info@nyartists.org
melba larose, artistic director
		 




home
about

mission
production history
company
funders


shows

touring
coming up
festivals


visual arts
workshops
schedule
news
contact




buy tickets
newsletter
newsletter sign up




				  coming soon
				




after the wall
written and directed by melba larose
a project about walls around the globe and throughout time - why we build them, how we've lived with them (or not), what we dream will happen when they fall, and what really happens.


























now touring 
presented by ny artists unlimited 
									in collaboration with new perspectives theater company

isaiah's dream - a parade of poets
recent appearances:
									mt. paylor's baptist church, harlem
									baptist missionary church, bronx

special appearances at:
									new perspectives theatre
									456 w. 37 st., between 9th & 10th avenues

featuring lunie jules, sophia haas, magaly beltran, melba larose.
limited seating -- reservations highly recommended
conceived and directed by melba larose













    










blogs
melba's interview on warholstars
											
melba's theatre letter in culturmag




angela bowie, melba larose, jeremiah newton at the lamama premiere of scott wittman's jukebox jackie! melba was an honored guest, having played the original lead in jackie curtis's first play, "glamour, glory & gold."  
										









			   our mission
			



			    ny artists unlimited, founded in 1982, is dedicated to taking professional theatre to under-served audiences.  the company focuses on works that evoke dignity of the individual and sanctity of the human spirit.  a multicultural nonprofit touring company, we travel self-contained to ny's inner city neighborhoods as well as to remote regions of the northeast in order to create an appreciation and understanding of the arts through performances, discussions and workshops.  audiences are composed of people who, because of economics, geographical location, disability, age, and the like, cannot afford tickets or gain access to thought-provoking entertainment.  workshops with artist-teachers are offered in creative dramatics, improvisation & comedy, poetry writing & performing, broadway/jazz dance, and more.  teachers have included:  richard pryor jr., kenny wade marshall, court sweeting, francis j. roach.
			  





home |
			about  | 
			shows  | 
			visual arts  | 
			workshops  | 
			schedule  | 
            
			news  | 
			contact  |  
			buy tickets  | 
			links

			
		   © 2012 ny artists unlimited. all rights reserved. website by istar web solutions, inc.




