





welcome to edgewood garden









welcome to edgewood garden





edgewood garden is a large estate garden created on 32 
acres in edgewood, washington by ilga jansons and michael dryfoos. they started 
out in 2004 with a property covered mainly in lawn and blackberry bushes, and 
centered on a large northwest contemporary style house built in 1981 with a 
stunning view of mt. rainier. since then they have created a garden grand in 
scale yet intimate in experience, featuring various garden rooms or 
themes, from bird-filled woods to more formal rose gardens to contemplative 
asian settings.  now coming into maturity after several years of development, 
edgewood garden is rare in scale and ambition, and in the hands-on attitude of 
the owners.


garden events

we are not hosting 
	any garden events at this time. in special situations, we 
	may be available by appointment, please 
	email to inquire. 


ilga's handspun  
	& hand dyed wool

ilga has been a 
	handspinner and weaver since her college days. since 2011, we have been 
	selling her handspun yarn and hand dyed wool, along with other fiber craft 
	items and artwork, online on etsy and our own wool shop website, edgewood 
	garden studio. visit us there for your knitting, felting and spinning needs.
    
	

you can also find us online at
	ravelry,
	instagram,
	facebook and
	pinterest.
 





photos of the garden
click on the buttons or the photographs below 
to see pictures of various parts of the garden. the daily photo button links to 
a daily record from 2009 of what caught ilga's eye in the garden at the time. the other buttons are some of our favorite images showing 
different aspects of the garden over the years.
 








 




 






 






 

		 
 
 

		 
 
 







 






 





 





 

		 
 
 
		 























		 
 


 










more garden information
the buttons below will take you to ilga's very occasional blog, some older garden 
articles she has written, a partial plant list, and links to other interesting garden sites.


   

   

    


contact us
questions about edgewood garden? feel free to email us at
info@edgewoodgarden.com, or click 
the button below to use our feedback form.





 this button launches a separate window with an aerial photo of the garden 
from 2007, with 
some features marked (adobe reader required).

this web site and all images and other contents copyright â© 
2008-2021 edgewood garden llc.

