






the orme school – orme is a coed college preparatory boarding school in mayer, arizona.






































































 


















call orme today! 928-632-7601
my orme
calendar
contact















 

 





 

about orme mission history faculty & administration board of trusteesalumni alumni contact info & class notes updates los vaqueros de farmacia champagne & sagebrush folio: photo archivegiving how to give annual fund ira charitable transfer stock transfer instructions
fine arts festival











important announcement
following up on our recent communications regarding the orme school’s need for significant funding to consider reopening next year, we write with a heavy heart to inform you that the board of trustees has made the difficult decision to close the school at the end of this academic year.
we want to express our deepest gratitude to all who have reached out with ideas, support, and donations. since our initial announcement about the possibility of the school closing, we have raised $47,000. this outpouring of support has been a tremendous help in ensuring that we can conclude this school year successfully, and provide as normal an experience as possible for our students.
our top priority now is to support our students and their families as they transition to new schools for the 2025-2026 academic year. we are working closely with families to provide guidance, recommendations, and resources to ensure each student finds a school where they can thrive. our dedicated faculty and staff remain committed to supporting every student through this transition.
thank you for being part of the orme school family. we are immensely proud of our students, alumni, faculty, and staff, and we are committed to concluding this year with the same spirit and dedication that have always defined the orme school.
lastly, we are humbled and honored to hear that many of you would like to join in this year’s graduation celebrations, but due to space constraints, commencement will be limited to graduating students and their families.
sincerely,
the orme school board of trustees













the orme school 1000 e. orme school road mayer, az 86333 usa (928) 632-7601






directions
calendar
sign up for our e-news

contact us
alumni
giving

         










© 2025 the orme school. all rights reserved.







 






x





				search			





top








				search			









click to access the login or register cheese

























