los angeles restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in los angeles by diningguide
homeaboutcontactlos angeles restaurantsmobile versionwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > los angeles home pagelos angeles restaurantsrestaurant posts“best american food in los angeles”“we are more than just a burger joint, we are curators of taste, blending the best ingredi…”posted by: old time drive in“best pizzeria in whittier”“welcome to pizza-n-brews, where passion for great food and community come together! our s…”posted by: pizza-n-brews“the best hot dog restaurant in santa monica”“we offer premium gourmet hot dogs! our hot dogs are made to order and topped with premium…”posted by: dog bite - gourmet hot dogsrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“clean, fresh food”non-member, reader - “service was friendly, food was very fresh, everything was c…”said about: subway“sprinkles ice cream in beverly hills, ca creates a heavenly match of their famous cupcakes and artisan ice cream”member, chelsea, anaheim - “sprinkles sundae is made with your choice of ice crea…”said about: sprinkles ice cream“crust is a boutique gourmet pizza bar in studio city, ca”member, chelsea, anaheim - “white prosciutto is topped with roasted potato, prosc…”said about: crust gourmet pizza barwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's los angeles diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan los angeles, california.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find los angeles restaurants by location or cuisine. you may wish to begin by reading our overview of l.a. dining.

for fine dining, los angeles once ranked among the world's big city bargains, with stiff competition keeping a lid on costs at many upscale establishments. but waves of visitors from far-flung corners accustomed to higher prices have spawned significant cost creep on l.a. menus. fortunately, first-class ethnic restaurants in abundant supply remain suitable for tighter budgets.  los angeles also has a reputation for catapulting its top chefs like wolfgang puck onto the international culinary stage, assuring that innovation remains a standard on local menus. as a culinary melting pot, items from persimmons and wasabi are no longer limited to the ethnic or fusion cuisine scene. for that matter, just "going out for mexican in l.a." often leads to consideration of which region to choose -- oaxacan to yucatan. reservations are recommended at 
most high-end restaurants. some dining enclaves allow smoking at outdoor tables.

diningguide los angeles is part of metroguide los angeles, 
offering guides to events, shopping, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

diningguide has additional southern california restaurant information at diningguide anaheim, diningguide orange county, california, diningguide ontario - inland empire and diningguide san diego.

los angeles dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan los angeles 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown los angeles
restaurants located in the downtown los angeles, home to dodger stadium, chinatown, the convention center and more

·southeast metro los angeles
dining options in the numerous cities to the southeast of downtown l.a.

·westside l.a.
restaurants located in l.a.'s westside area including bel air, beverly hills and the sunset strip

·el segundo - los angeles airport
restaurants located near the los angeles international airport (lax)

·hollywood - burbank
dining in hollywood, and areas in the san fernando valley to the north such as burbank and van nuys

·santa monica
dining in communities at the north end of santa monica bay, including santa monica proper, marina del rey and venice beach

·san gabriel valley
restaurants located in the valley, with glendale and pasadena as its largest cities

·surrounding communities
restaurants in nearby communities, outside of the metropolitan los angeles area

·los angeles beach communities
dining options in communities at the south end of santa monica bay, including redondo beach, hermosa beach and others

·ontario - inland empire metro
restaurants in the adjoining metropolitan area of ontario in the inland empire

·anaheim metro
dining options in the adjoining metropolitan areas of anaheim, placentia and fullerton

·orange county metro
dining options in the adjoining metropolitan area of orange county

los angeles dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican - casualasianbarbequecajuncaribbeanchinesecoffeecontinentalcubandelicatessenfast foodfine diningfrenchfrench fine diningfusiongreekhawaiianhealthy - naturalindianinternationalitalianjapaneselatinmediterraneanmexicanmiddle easternnew worldnorthern italianpizzeriarussianseafoodsouthwesternspanishsteakthai
to return to the diningguide los angeles home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at los angeles restaurantsrock band night we have over 300 songs to choose from, songs from both rock band 1 and rock band 2 games plus many, … nightlife - theme night the draft bar and grill 818-508-8652every thu weatherday pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal el cid restaurantfri 4/4/25 lomelda pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal zebulonfri 2/14/25 mercury rev alternative music performance… music - alternative rock zebulonsat 3/1/25 boostive reggae / reggaeton concert performance… miscellaneous venice westthu 1/23/25 coco montoya & ronnie baker brooks jazz / blues concert performance… music - jazz venice westthu 3/6/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide anaheimdiningguide bakersfielddiningguide inland empirediningguide orange countydiningguide san diegodiningguide santa barbararelated links:diningguide fresnodiningguide montereydiningguide napa valley diningguide oaklanddiningguide palm springsdiningguide sacramentometroguide sacramento valleydiningguide san francisco diningguide silicon valley other links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide hawaiidiningguide honoluludiningguide kauaidiningguide las vegasdiningguide mauidiningguide miamidiningguide new yorkdiningguide phoenixdiningguide tucsonmetroguide.network > diningguide > los angeles home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide los angeles are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguideattractionsdirectorymore locations...full map



los angeles restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritescamden housewoo lae oakmax restaurantfuzenamuse bouchethe organic panificiochaya brasseriefab's italian kitchenbenihanala azteca tortilleriavineyard terrace restaurant & wine barfleming's prime steakhouse - el segundorestaurant 561arnie morton's, the steak housepunch grill


