





cheap washington dc movers & freshly meal delivery service reviews




















































skip to content












home
about us
contact us
 




 




 





how to prepare for moving from philadelphia to washington, dc

15/06/201815/05/2018 eatwashimoving to washington dc 


making the move from philadelphia, pa to washington, dc can mean many new opportunities. however, it can also mean changes that require you to adapt. in order to make sure you’re prepared for the challenges this move can bring, it’s important to take time to prepare. to help make this easier, some important tips for preparing to move from philadelphia to dc can be found below.
1. find a home
the real estate market in dc is competitive, which means even apartments tend to go quickly. the prices are also higher in dc, which can be a sticker shock for those who are used to the more affordable prices in philly. for both of these reasons, it’s important to research and even visit before you move so you can lock down a place.
fortunately, there are some great neighborhoods you can consider, whether you are renting or buying. arlington, garret park, north bethesda, south kensington, and north potomac are some of the most popular because of their safety, beauty, and great school systems.
2. consider transportation
the majority of residents in dc do not own a car unless they live in the suburbs around the city. instead, they rely on the highly regarded public transportation system to get around. while you can certainly keep your car if you already have one, you must first make sure you have a place to park it. otherwise, you could end up paying extra fees for a garage space. traffic is also something to think about, as it tends to be extreme in this city. this is why so many choose public transit, as it can reduce daily commute times considerably.
3. cost of living
washington, dc has a higher cost of living than philadelphia, especially when it comes to real estate and transportation. if you aren’t earning more money once you move, this could mean struggling to make a dollar go further. nerd wallet has a cost of living calculator that you can use to help you prepare for the expenses. while things will vary when you arrive, it’s an excellent resource for helping you prepare.
4. where you’ll work
if you’re not relocating for an existing job, then it’s important to find one before moving. while the government employs the majority of residents in dc, there are job opportunities for those who work in fields related to tourism. you can gain more insight into the job market by visiting u.s. news.
5. things you’ll do
do you have certain activities that you enjoy? if so, make sure you’ll be able to do them in the area you choose to live. you might also want to look into parks in your area, where museums are located, and the variety of child-friendly attractions in the area as well. if you don’t plan on driving, then make sure public transit is nearby to make traveling around town easier.
small move with big opportunities
philadelphia, pa, and washington, dc are a short distance apart but are vastly different. while this can bring some challenges initially, many find that their quality of life in dc is better than anticipated. by doing your research ahead of the move, you’ll have peace of mind that you’ll end up happy with the change. as you plan your move, don’t forget about hiring movers. cheap movers philadelphia (744 south street #722, philadelphia, pa 19147, (215) 618-9686) has some of the most affordable wilmington moving company prices, with low rates and weekly service from philly to washington dc.





 





ditch take out | enjoy healthy, home-cooked meals from these food delivery companies

13/06/201725/01/2018 eatwashieating in 


you know when you drive through the local fast food joint that you’re not ordering that food for your health. still, that double bacon cheeseburger with extra mayonnaise sounds great at the time, doesn’t it? add fries and soda, and you’re not only looking at a calorie explosion, but you’re also making a down payment on a heart attack. later on, you often regret purchasing what some people colorfully call ‘gut bombs’ in the form of the all-american cheeseburger.
one of the problems with our modern, fast-paced lifestyles is that we eat on the go. we often wait until we are desperately hungry before picking up something, and when we’re that hungry, the options tend to be unhealthy. years of this kind of habit puts padding on your waistline and contributes to many health problems down the road.
so what can you do? your lifestyle is still hectic, and you need to eat.
one great solution that has come up in the last few years is to let other people do it for you. instead of grabbing a quick bite to eat via the drive-through that you’ll only regret later, consider trying a meal delivery service. these meal kits are an ideal way to get all the nutrients you need and can also be a lifesaver for those trying to regulate what they eat while they are losing weight.
the following are a few options to try out if the idea of a meal subscription service has piqued your interest:
plated
for 72 dollars a week, you can receive three dinners for two people right at your door. all the ingredients for the meal are already in the box, so you will no longer have to worry about shopping or measuring anything – just cook! plated’s culinary team designs all meals to be ready in a jiffy, so even when you’re starving, you can get a home-cooked meal on the table fast.
freshly
this gluten-free option offers healthy meals cooked by chefs and delivered to your doorstep. the menu features thirty rotating entrees, and every meal is ready to eat after two minutes in the microwave. this is a great option for people on the go looking to eliminate gluten from their diet. read the freshly review on boxed mealz.
blue apron
known as the industry leader, blue apron offers fresh ingredients and step-by-step recipes delivered to your door. they work with farmers to ensure the sustainability of their products, so blue apron is an excellent choice for people interested in taking care of the environment. blue apron is also one of the most affordable meal delivery services on the market, starting at just $8.74/serving for the family plan.
green chef
if you’re looking for a food delivery kit that satisfies dietary restrictions, your best option is green chef. this organic meal service has six different meal plans: vegetarian, omnivore, vegan, carnivore, gluten-free, and paleo. prices range from $10.49 to $14.99 per meal, with a $9 shipping charge per box. most meals are ready in just 30 minutes.
healthy meal subscription boxes can save you and your family both time and money while ensuring your ongoing health. over time, these boxes also work out to be cheaper than fast food and are therefore easy on both your weight and your wallet. these types of meal services can give you the peace of mind that you are eating healthy even in today’s modern, fast-paced world.





 





dc’s top hole-in-the-wall eateries

13/03/201706/03/2017 eatwashidc restaurants 


while washington dc is known for its elegant and upscale dining, it’s also home to some of the best-hidden restaurants in the state. most tourists tend to look for popular or familiar places to eat when visiting the city and miss these secret gems that are scattered around the d.c. area. and if you’re in […]





 





relocation guide to dc’s most iconic dining experiences

06/03/201715/05/2018 eatwashidc restaurants 


when most people think about washington d.c., they tend to picture historical buildings such as the white house or the washington monument. and while the city will always be known for its history and politics, residents know that there’s a whole lot more to see and do besides visiting the lincoln memorial, especially when it comes to d.c.’s exciting food scene. if you’ve recently relocated to the d.c. area and want to stop looking like a tourist, here are five of the most iconic local dining experiences that you need to check out.
1. all purpose
if you’re in the mood for authentic italian food with a d.c. touch, you can’t go wrong with all-purpose. the pizza here passes through a three-day fermentation process that gives it a unique and tasty flavor and locals rave about its magical crust, which has just the right combination of crunchy and chewy texture. and since the washington post named all-purpose as its number one restaurant choice, it’s safe to say that this is a priority stop when moving to the d.c. area.
2. kinship
kinship is a great location for a quality, fine-dining experience. the restaurant is led by chef eric ziebold, who is known for his gorgeous food presentation, fresh ingredients, and top notch cooking techniques that are used in every menu item. dishes here are seasonal and include seafood delights such as yellowfin tuna, oyster chowder, and lobster entrees. the wine list at kinship has even been put together by an official wine steward/sommelier and always pairs perfectly with the cuisine.

3. whaley’s
another fantastic seafood spot can be found at whaley’s, which is located right next to the rushing anacostia river. while just about everything on the menu is excellent, locals come here for the famous raw bar, which features fresh shrimp, clams, oysters, and shellfish towers. and if you’re not quite ready for a raw seafood experience, whaley’s also offers season kitchen plates that include roasted scallops and braised pork belly.
4. boundary stone
if you’re looking for a more laid-back atmosphere with a neighborhood pub vibe, boundary stone is a perfect choice. the restaurant boasts a large selection of local and craft beer on tap, and if hard liquor is more your style, features one of the best whiskey lists that you’ll find in the state. and with a menu that serves classic bar fare with an eclectic twist, such as a falafel burger and honey hot chicken sandwich, boundary stone is a popular hangout for locals and tourists alike.

5. red hen
located in historic bloomingdale, the red hen is an elegant and rustic restaurant that’s known for its outstanding service. the menu is full of craft cocktails and fine wines that make it a perfect spot for parties or special occasions. favorite dishes include the delicious grilled short rib, chicken-liver mousse, and the trout rillettes. and for dessert, we recommend ordering the scrumptious sugar cream tart.
thanks to cheap movers dc for contributions to this dc food relocation guide. when these movers aren’t busy helping dc’s residents with all their relocation needs, you can find them consuming much-needed calories at one of dc’s best local restaurants.





 





best places for a first date in the district

24/02/2017 eatwashidc restaurants 


finding a great restaurant for a romantic first date can be challenging. and since you’ll need the perfect blend of a great atmosphere and tasty food to help make a good first impression, picking out the right venue is crucial. in washington d.c., there are plenty of restaurants with cozy tables and warm ambiance to […]






follow us



























search this site

search for:





recent posts


how to prepare for moving from philadelphia to washington, dc


ditch take out | enjoy healthy, home-cooked meals from these food delivery companies


dc’s top hole-in-the-wall eateries


relocation guide to dc’s most iconic dining experiences


best places for a first date in the district


more info 
whether you are just visiting dc or want to live here permanently, eatwashington blog will provide you with all the information you need to know about the tastiest foods in town.
best kitchens in town carving room

monday-thursday 11am-midnight
friday and saturday 11am-1am "kitchen closes at midnight"
sunday 11am-10pm
pennsylvania 6 dc

partake in one of the best raw bar happy hours in washington dc.  






search

search for:



 


recent posts


how to prepare for moving from philadelphia to washington, dc


ditch take out | enjoy healthy, home-cooked meals from these food delivery companies


dc’s top hole-in-the-wall eateries


relocation guide to dc’s most iconic dining experiences


best places for a first date in the district


 

quick linkshome
about us
contact us
 





copyright © 2025 eat washington | privacy policy








