


  












home | woman's hospital














    skip to main content



       
mychart  
pay a bill  
donate
 
             services             services    pregnancy & childbirth gynecology cancer weight management surgery imaging & radiology laboratory metabolics therapy nutrition fitness audiology social services genetics colonoscopy respiratory care heart health baby safe haven   find a provider             find a provider     classes & events             classes & events     locations             locations     patient resources             patient resources    registration billing & insurance patient guide medical records request en español   visitors             visitors    visitation policy waiting areas dining gift shops  
     
mychart  
pay a bill  
donate
 
        


search


search



      
 
     

               
    exceptional care, centered on you...       find a doctor        join our team        mychart        pay a bill             
       featured services  view all services             breast & gyn cancer care        behavioral health        gynecology            laboratory services        pregnancy & childbirth        mammography            surgery        therapy        weight management            
       woman’s pregnancy app  the only personalized pregnancy, labor and newborn app you’ll need, from one of the largest birthing hospitals! track your progress week-by- week, keep a diary with photos, log your contractions, record feeding and diaper changes during your baby’s first weeks.   learn more      download          
 


     
 
    upcoming classes & events view all upcoming classes & events          

multiple dates offeredsafe sittermiddle school students are taught baby sitting skills and introduced to cpr and first aid.in person    

multiple dates offeredhospital tourtour suites in labor & delivery and mother/baby while learning what you can expect while delivering at woman’s hospital.in person    

multiple dates offeredready, set, sibling!as your 3 to 8-year-old prepares to be a big brother or sister, he or she will learn about the arrival of their new sibling. we will also…in person    

multiple dates offeredcomplete childbirth class seriestake this complete childbirth class series to learn all you need to know for labor, delivery, and beyond.in person         



          

image
 



     subscribe to our newsletter  get the latest on nutrition, healthy living, fitness, motherhood, breast health updates and more delivered straight to your inbox!  


email address



first name



last name









      
 
     

latest from woman’s blog
view all from our blog 






blog
recognizing trailblazers in medicine | celebrating black history month

we take this moment to honor and recognize doctors who have shaped modern medicine for women and infants. their groundbreaking research and techniques continue to inspire and advance science today. from understanding dna, rna, and cell division to life-saving discoveries, their contributions have had a lasting impact on women&#8217;s healthcare. we celebrate their legacy and







 
blog
what is a pap smear?

according to the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists (acog) a pap test is a screening for cervical cancer. this test includes screening for human papillomavirus (hpv) and abnormal cells.   a pap test is usually done during your pelvic exam by your primary ob/gyn provider. according to the american cancer society (acs) this is what







 
blog
top baby names 2024

as we near the end of 2024, we'd like to share the most popular timeless and unique names we've had the privilege to witness at woman's hospital. 







 
blog
wedding at woman’s

our journey started in a way that neither of us could have predicted. 









    press & news   view all      
          news  
february 14
    woman’s hospital recognized by forbes as one of the best midsize employers in america for the second year in a row    
      news  
january 30
    dr. kristin chapman elected 2025 chief of staff of woman’s hospital    
      news  
january 29
    woman's hospital earns guardian of excellence award for patient experience  for the 10th consecutive year    
  


 
    
        

image
 



     hospital price transparency  understand the costs of your hospital visit. view average charges, get an estimate and learn how the amount paid by a patient depends on your insurance policy, copayments and deductibles, and benefits provided by medicare and medicaid.   get an estimate      understand hospital charges           
 

 

            for patients & visitors     visitation information        patient registration        about woman’s        billing & financial assistance        your rights        patient concerns                for patients & visitors     
    visitation information        patient registration        about woman’s        billing & financial assistance        your rights        patient concerns                

    resources     news        employee & health professional        careers        volunteers        graphic services                resources     
    news        employee & health professional        careers        volunteers        graphic services                

    connect with woman’s     contact us         woman’s hospital100 woman’s waybaton rouge, la 70817
main number: 225-927-1300
patient info: 225-924-8157
       connect with woman’s     
    contact us         woman’s hospital100 woman’s waybaton rouge, la 70817
main number: 225-927-1300
patient info: 225-924-8157
       

   view our blog      subscribe to our newsletter     
                           

  
      


nondiscrimination policy


terms & conditions


privacy policy


price transparency


compliance


    © copyright 2025
    













