






metal stamping, fabrication & finishing services













































 






skip to content









 



 









call us
419.522.3471  









 


search for:








home

presses



transfer pressesprogressive pressesequipment listtonnage calculatorwelding

assembly



assembly servicesfinishing



e-coatplatingpowder coatinggallery

about

contact us





 






loading...






















hometaylor2023-11-21t00:04:01+00:00 
complete metal stamping, fabrication and finishing services
taylor metal is your single source metal fabrication shop
are you sacrificing on your engineering designs and specifications due to vendor limitations? do you struggle to manage job phases and facilitate scheduling across multiple vendors? have you ever analyzed the true costs of inefficient manufacturing processes on your end product?
in our global manufacturing environment, it’s not uncommon for niche specialists in remote corners of the globe to offer seemingly ultra-competitive pricing on a specific manufacturing process. unfortunately, these companies often narrow their focus and limit the scope of their services to achieve the economy of scale required to undercut everyone else’s bids.
when seeking out bottom-line prices, companies are often forced to accept substitutions and sacrifices. in addition, the challenges involved with moving parts from vendor to vendor can be a logistical nightmare.
ultimately, the financial benefits associated with mass manufacturing on a global scale can be pulled down by the reality that the process is rarely smooth and the quality of the end product is unpredictable.


transfer presses
progressive presses
equipment list
mig welding
tig welding
resistance welding
assembly
e-coat
plating
powder coating


get a free quoteunique single-source made in the usa quality
extensive industry experience
founded in 1928, taylor metal is a complete metal fabrication shop specializing in transfer tooling, progressive die technology and automated welding systems. we offer end-to-end solutions that include:

tooling
stamping
welding
e-coating
powder coating
zinc plating
assembly

to serve as a single-source supplier, taylor metal can supply welding and assembly while also offering finishing options such as e-coating, as well as outsourced services such as powder coating and zinc plating.
when you work with taylor metal, you won’t have to worry about logistics or scheduling. just provide us with the drawings and specifications and we’ll handle the rest. we have every confidence in our ability to deliver quality at a competitive price without all of the hassle. we’ve helped clients in a wide range of industries, including:

construction
automotive
agricultural
appliance

flexible stamping capabilities
when you choose taylor metal, you won’t have to sacrifice on design or material options. we have vast metal product capabilities and flexibility. we are able to work in sizes up to 0.250” (6.35mm) thick and up to 60” (1524mm) wide from the following materials:

carbon steel
high strength steel
stainless steel
aluminum

aluminum is often considered the best stamping material for formed parts. it has specific gravity that is 2/3rds lighter than carbon steel and the ability to be anodized for decorative surface finishes.
low carbon steel offers excellent formability and strength-to-weight ratio. it is also ideal for formed parts at low per-piece costs. after forming, low carbon steel hardens to provide better structural characteristics.
stainless steel offers high tolerance to heat and corrosive elements. this makes it a good alternative for stampings requiring higher wear resistance. it is heat treatable and doesn’t require plating. in addition, it is also very strong, with a high strength-to-weight ratio.
with nearly a century of applied stamping experience, taylor metal is uniquely equipped to advise on the ideal material.
individual accountability yields consistent quality
every department in our facility is empowered and challenged to deliver consistent quality. as a single-source manufacturing partner, the work shared among the various teams of craftsmen and machinists reflects on the company as a whole. this has enabled us to build and maintain both individual accountability and collective pride.
call taylor metal today at 419.522.3471 for a free consultation. one of our engineers will review and assess your needs and provide you with a comprehensive and competitive job outline and quote. once you approve the quote, send us the drawings and specifications in one of our agreed-upon formats and we’ll get your job scheduled. you’ll receive regular calls from a dedicated project manager updating you on any issues and all progress. once your order is complete, it will be carefully reviewed by our intensive quality department and handed over to our logistics department for fast and efficient shipping. if you have any questions at any time, just pick up the phone and call your project manager.
we understand that the bottom line is important and cost management is the hot topic, but don’t sacrifice your product vision or reputation by offshoring to distant specialists who are only partially invested in the quality of your end product. give us a call and we’ll show you the difference a single-source us manufacturing partner can make. it’s more than just a job to us at taylor metal.
    


if you are in need of an experienced metal stamping, fabrication and finishing services partner with more than 90 years of proven fabrication success, call taylor metal at 419.522.3471today.





 
 





sitemaphome
about
presses
welding
assembly
finishing
contact
privacy policy
 

address corporate location
700 springmill street
mansfield ohio 44903
419.522.3471

 

find us 

 

 
 
 
 
 







































































































































***please note, this is a draft website and has not been proofread for spelling, grammar, punctuation, etc.  this website will be proofread multiple times prior to publication.*** 


