     ford dealer in eden, nc | used cars eden | tri-city ford inc                                                                         tri-city ford inc        sales & service 844-623-6737    or locally dial 336-623-2185         912 south van buren roadeden, nc 27288                 service        map        contact                       tri-city ford inc            call 844-623-6737   directions                  home   new   search inventory   quick pre-qualify   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   2024 ford maverick   custom order   ford protect     used   search inventory   quick pre-qualify   vehicles under 20k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   regional incentives   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   oil change advice   tire care advice   brake service advice   battery service advice   general service   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   ford parts   ford recalls     finance   finance department   quick pre-qualify   payment calculator   value your trade   private cash offer   credit application      about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   educator appreciation program     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   quick pre-qualify   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   2024 ford maverick   custom order   ford protect     used   search inventory   quick pre-qualify   vehicles under 20k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   regional incentives   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   oil change advice   tire care advice   brake service advice   battery service advice   general service   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   ford parts   ford recalls     finance   finance department   quick pre-qualify   payment calculator   value your trade   private cash offer   credit application      about us   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   educator appreciation program     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions               














welcome to tri-city ford inc




new inventory






used inventory






get pre-approved






schedule service








      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                              disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                           





   inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       









     search new inventory     search used inventory        
















trade
get the best value for your vehicle.



trade appraisal













service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service













specials
check out our latest special offers.



view specials






        choose your vehicle     bronco        bronco sport        escape        ecosport        edge        expedition        expedition max        explorer        f-150        mustang        mustang mach-e        ranger        super duty f-250 pickup        transit cargo van        transit connect wagon        transit crew van        transit passenger wagon        super duty f-350 drw pickup        super duty f-350 srw pickup        super duty f-450 pickup             sales hours      monday 8:30am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 5:00pm    sunday closed        welcome to tri-city ford inc of eden welcome and thank you for visiting our website. at tri-city ford, we offer a different approach to car buying. we call it "no games, no gimmicks, and no nonsense". call or click for the best deals within 500 miles. you will find many free and easy to use how to tools to help you search. no tricks and simple is our approach to car buying and remember "the deal you're needin' is in eden." learn more                 tri-city ford inc of eden welcome to tri-city ford! the staff at our spacious and advanced showroom all have a passion for delivering great cars to the owners who appreciate them most, and all through an honest sales strategy with no gimmicks. feel free to explore this online sample of everything we are.   high-quality selection while some dealers pack their lots with hundreds of models of mixed value and condition, tri-city ford focuses on a smaller, but still expansive selection of the best used and pre-owned ford models available in eden, north carolina. check out our inventory from this site and search by whatever criteria you want, including year, body style, trim level, color, packages, price, estimated miles per gallon, and more. we even have a separate division of commercial ford vehicles. whether you're looking for a reliable f-150 truck or a luxurious, roomy explorer, you owe it to yourself to see what we have in stock. our reputation and customer base mean that we're regularly rotating vehicles on and off our lots, so be sure to check our inventory more than once during your shopping process. award-winning service cargurus rated tri-city ford as a top rated dealer for 2018. this award is given to a scant few auto dealers with the highest average ratings from real customer reviews on the cargurus site. only the dealers with the most impressive and consistent customer service, as expressed in those reviews, earn this coveted title. how did we earn the cargurus top rated dealer award? it was nothing that we haven't done since samuel coates founded our business in 1989. honest, upfront discussion of the customer's needs and absolutely no games or nonsense, from before signing and long afterward.   expert ford maintenance and parts the technicians at our service and parts departments have all received exhaustive ford technical education, which continues and updates well after the initial certifications. this way, you can be confident that your ford is being cared for not only by someone with both a foundational understanding of ford design and service needs, but also the most recent innovations and changes. generosity as policy our specialty at tri-city ford is guaranteed credit approval, and you can easily get the process started by applying from our website. our finance section also lets you see the value for trading in your vehicle to us, a payment calculator, and a credit score checker. no matter your credit, you can qualify for an auto loan with us, and our finance team will work tirelessly to establish financing for your situation, using their experience and strong connections. already have an existing loan? let us help you refinance or adjust your contract terms! tri-city ford also believes that children and education are the backbone of a community's future. we have supported charities and organizations related to rockingham community college, as well as the morehead high school scholarship program. we welcome you to explore our site and to contact us by phone or online form at your earliest convenience. if you're near danville, virginia, or in the greensboro or eden areas, and need great vehicles, parts, or service, we look forward to working with you.           follow us                            although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures tri-city ford inc | 912 south van buren road, eden, nc 27288 | sales & service: 844-623-6737 |                


















                  