








texas girls & boys ranch - empowering children - giving hope











































 










skip to content



call us : (806) 747-3187office hours : mon – fri 8am – 5pmcall us : (806) 747-3187office hours: mon – fri 8am – 5pmtoggle navigationhomeour impact2023 snapshotnews & storiescircuit rider newsletterministriesthe ranchfoster care & adoptionpost adoption servicesturning pointcounseling servicesgivingways to giveappeals & eventsleave a legacydonateget involvedfoster care & adoptionvolunteer opportunitiesbecome a mentorjob opportunitiesaboutstaffboard of directorsvideosprivacy policycontactdonatedonate
 





texas girls & boys ranchtxgbr staff2025-02-13t14:38:53+00:00 
be well-informed, subscribe!join newsletter*indicates required fieldsthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×donatewelcome to texas girls & boys ranchempowering children - giving hope.have questions or need helpcall us: (806) 747-3187get involvedc.a.r.echrist centered, advocacy driven, relationship focused, empathy led.have questions or need helpcall us: (806) 747-3187be well-informed, subscribe!join newsletter*indicates required fieldsthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×become a foster parentvolunteer servicessharing jesus, healing hearts, transforming lives.have questions or need helpcall us: (806) 747-3187be well-informed, subscribe!join newsletter*indicates required fieldsthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×sharing jesus, healing hearts, transforming lives.in 1972, texas boys ranch- now texas girls & boys ranch- was first considered by concerned citizens of lubbock who wanted to make a difference in the lives of homeless, neglected, and dependent boys of the south plains area.
about the ranchimpactstoriesheart for giving hope? your story starts here. heart for fostering? your story starts here. texas girls & boys ranch foster and adoption team works tirelessly to recruit and train families in lubbock and around the south plains to respond to the need for surrogate families for displaced children in our community.
interested in fostering a child?txgbr staff2021-10-16t06:50:44+00:00interested in fostering a child?giving hope to a child starts with you. we, at texas girls & boys ranch, will make sure you are not alone in the process. it is our moral compass to walk in faith, hope, and love as we begin the journey with you of fostering a child. 
if you would like to learn more about how to become a foster parent, contact kaylee newbold at knewbold@txgbr.org or click here for more information.
interested in adopting a child?txgbr staff2021-10-16t06:50:22+00:00interested in adopting a child?compassion is a catalyst for action. if your journey leads you to the commitment to change a child’s life through adoption, texas girls & boys ranch adoption team is ready to help you through the process.
you can found out more by emailing kaylee newbold at knewbold@txgbr.org or click here for more information.
the hearts behind foster/adoptive parentstxgbr staff2021-10-16t06:50:30+00:00the hearts behind foster/adoptive parentsi just wanted to let all of you know what an awesome group of people i think you are.  you’re responsive, caring and i can tell you are all passionate about what you do. 
thank you for everything you do for us and the kiddos!
lisa c.
foster mom
click here to read more. 
this is a huge undertaking and the sacrifices are real. if you feel you would like to serve children in need in our community there is no better way than to answer the call to be a foster parent today.
request more informationnewslife at the ranch.
social mediafollow us and stay current.
eventsimportant information to be aware of.
 thank you to our event sponsors! thank you to our gala sponsors!complete list of sparkles & spurs gala 2023 sponsorstexas girls & boys ranch is accredited by the council on accreditation.texas girls & boys ranch is accredited by the council on accreditation.we also proudly earned the guidestar platinum seal of transparency.
cchrist-
centered
our moral compass points to god’s divine message of faith, hope, and love in all treatment & care for our children and families.
aadvocacy
driven
recruit relentless god and child loving advocates; determined to treat and care for children traumatized by abuse & neglect within our sphere of influence.
rrelationship
focused
we create connections! our team members and volunteers connect with our children and their families through positive nurturing relationships that promote unity.
eempathy
led
compassion is the catalyst for action. we must have and demonstrate empathy for children and families to make our mission and ministry thrive.




 
 
empowering children - giving hope.
homedonateget involvedfoster/adoptdonateget involvedfoster/adoptionoffice hours : mon - fri 8am - 5pmpo box 5665 lubbock, texas 79408accessibility statementprivacy policynewsletter signup
submitthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×© copyright 1972 - 2025 texas girls & boys ranch  all rights reserved   |   web design by lubbock web design  |   photography by drake design photography


 
 
page load link




skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






 


go to top




