




















































quick, rambo! to the fabmobile!!! — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































prettier_sister
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














prettier_sister







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








quick, rambo! to the fabmobile!!!fine specimen of six-packed and torrid-sex-disheveled gryffindor boys...


headquarters

      my names eshen and this is my journal.i use it mostly for storing my fic, which is mostly slashy. actually, its all pretty slashy. i have hetficphobia. anyways, i also write movie reviews, do memes, and write random stuff that the ever-loyal kelly always comments on. -hugs-call me eshen or quint or i wont call you back. >:d

view

recent junk
calander of junk
friend's junk
about esh


navigation

previous 10


links

tom cruise is nuts... .com!
this fic is fucking brilliant. (nc-17)
eshen's movie reviews
eshen's fanfic





april 11th, 2006

asdasdas4/11/06
03:05 pm   

x-theradiostar.livejournal.comx-eshensfic.livejournal.comcheck it, hos.

   
14 commentsleave a comment


april 9th, 2006

omgwtftheresabanner4/9/06
03:04 pm   

i was sketchoodling the other day and this sprang from my pen:http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v300/pinkehsvear/untitled.jpg:and so i'm thinking of using it as a banner on my friendsonly lj. opinions?-esh (her shit is bananas, b a n a n a s)


tags: announcement

   
7 commentsleave a comment


laurel's giftfic underway!4/9/06
12:38 am   

drunk!laurel wants:1. drunk!cedric2. crackfic3. disappointing sex with harry4. the line, "and he said, 'no, you're suffering from dissy spells.' " as the punch line for a jokefor her giftfic.stay tunneedddd!

   
9 commentsleave a comment


april 8th, 2006

the end of eshen4/8/06
11:07 pm   

i'm planning on making a new lj, possibly a friends only one.my reasoning:i'd like to have my personal/movie reviews/everything thats not fic and fic seperated. the personal would be friends-only and the fic would be public.basically, i want to do this because i'm just a hor like that. plus, it would just make things easier for me.so, the questions are:should i do it?should i have a personal/movie review and fic or personal and fic/movie review?whaat should i naame theemmm?would you re-friend me if i did? (t_t)should i move my memes to my new friendsonly journal?do you think i'm sexy? if so, just reach out and touch me. (>:d)so! opinions?


current mood:  to be, or not to be?
current music: i feel pretty - west side story
tags: announcement

   
6 commentsleave a comment


random meme.4/8/06
09:02 pm   

jacked from domsy-dear.go to wikipedia, enter in your birthdate (sans year), post three events, two births and one death.three events1986 - in edmond, oklahoma, us postal employee patrick henry sherrill guns down 14 of his co-workers and then commits suicide. 1989 - in beverly hills, california, lyle and erik menendez shoot and kill their wealthy parents. 1994 - circus elephant trainer allen campbell is crushed to death in honolulu, hawaii, by the performing elephant "tyke".  (*sporfle*)two births1954 - al roker, american television broadcaster 1971 - fred durst, american singer (limp bizkit) one death984 - pope john xiv (*three pope's died on my birthday. o_o i'm a catholic killer wtf?!)


current mood:  i'm a catholic killer!
tags: memes

   
1 commentleave a comment


chaos theory was never this sexy!4/8/06
06:35 pm   

beware the spoilers (as always)! if you havent seen butterfly effect and are planning on it, dont read past the cut.yesterday i watched the butterfly effect with my friend mattie.wow."if anyone finds this, it means my plan didn't work and i'm already dead. but if i can somehow go back to the beginning of all of this, i might be able to save her..."most people know ashton kutcher as the idiot from that seventies show and the smartass from punk'd. this is the first serious role i've ever seen him in, at it was fucking amazing. if for nothing else, see this movie for ashton kutcher, because this movie is the first time i've ever felt compelled to respect him.the main charachter, evan, is played in three stages; seven year old evan, thirteen year old evan, and 20 year old evan. all three actors were fantastic, especially the seven year old, who was very convincing in later scenes.the premise of the movie relates to chaos theory. incase you didn't know, chaos theory is a rather abstract theory about boundries and amounts and lots of other hard to explain things. an example is this: chaos theory states that something as small as the flap of a butterfly's wing could create a typhoon somewhere else in the world. since the movie is based on an abstract concept, its a hard movie to grasp the first time you watch it. thats why i suggust rental, and if you like it, buy the goddamn movie. the acting is good, the script is amazing, there are cliffhangers and mysteries and angst and a whole lot of morbid ass shit that goes down. if you're squeamish or anything, dont check this out. the main charachter, evan, suffers from memory lapses he inherited from his father, whose in a mental institution. after going seven years without a blackout, he looks back in some old journals and sets off a chain of irreversible events... that eventually leads to the ultimate sacrifice. check this shit out!( read more...collapse )*you probably shouldn't read the comments if you haven't seen the movie. that just occured to me. o_x


current mood:  -blink-
current music: you're beautiful - james blunt
tags: butterfly effect, review

   
leave a comment


simon/david fic. beware the rps wtf4/8/06
12:52 am   

for guideslash.title: i starred in a slash fic and all i got was this stupid hard-onrating: pg-15ishwarnings: rps (ph34r)summary: it was a bad idea, but dixon was tempted to click on the link...( read more...collapse )

   
leave a comment


april 7th, 2006

mugh.4/7/06
10:39 pm   

i'm bored out of my fuckkinngmmmiiinnneeeddd.in other news, i watched butterfly effect.review on it tomorrow.-esh


tags: random

   
2 commentsleave a comment


april 6th, 2006

holy flying fuck, laurel!4/6/06
07:14 pm   

laurel_tx has officially reached 500 friends!i just saw it today!this is fantabolous!i'm going to go write her a giftfic. maybe a wolverine/rogue since its her otp, even though i havent gone into xmen for like, a million years and i've never liked het anyways.maybe it'll be a crackfic.annnyyywayyyssss,eshenps. congrats, laurel! you're ho pimpin'!


tags: announcement, laurel

   
2 commentsleave a comment


new icon.4/6/06
05:11 am   

new icon, jacked it a while ago and just now thought to use it.simon jones ftw!


tags: announcement, icons

   
leave a comment



powered by livejournal.com
































