














 




you dont have javascript enabled! please enable it!





san juan puerto rico - 2025 best of tourism guide - travel guide & things to do
































































puerto rico things to do guide
culebra
⛅️ san juan weather
 







 















home
things to do

best things to do
fantastic excursions from san juan
top 10 experiences
bioluminescent bay
el yunque rainforest
food & cultural experiences
night experiences
romantic things to do
rum distilleries
san juan national historic site
tours directory


beaches

best beaches
snorkeling beaches
san juan beaches map
puerto rico beach guides

north coast
east coast
west coast
south coast
snorkeling beaches




stay

best places to stay
beachfront
convention center district
condado hotels
old san juan hotels
adults only
near cruise ports
casino hotels
vacation rentals
map of hotels


old san juan

about old san juan
old san juan tours
things to do & landmarks
places to stay
a romantic day in old san juan
calle norzagaray
real estate
map


puerto rico

puerto rico things to do guide
beaches guide
snorkeling guide
places to go
islands to visit
caves


cruisers

cruise port guide
things to do / excursions
hotels near ports
beaches near cruise port
getting around
private transfers
map


travel

getting here
san juan airport
airport transfers
ferry – cataño / old san juan
tourism offices
getting around
basic facts
services
weather


 






select page



  










welcome to san juan, puerto rico 2025 tourism guide









san juan, where old world elegance & modern caribbean meet to create the most vibrant and romantic destination in the caribbean.





save a spot - top culebra day trip from san juan







welcome to san juan, the capital city of puerto rico, where old world elegance, modern luxuries, and tropical allure come together to offer unforgettable experiences like no other destination.   swim, snorkel, surf, and relax at san juan’s beaches, explore the historic and romantic district of old san juan, and immerse yourself in the vibrant culture.  whether you’re honeymooning, a solo traveler, a young family, or young at heart, san juan will deliver extraordinary experiences.
go on a number of exciting day trips from san juan, such as exploring the el yunque rainforest, seeing the magic of the bioluminescent bays, sailing to secluded islands, beach hopping to stunning beaches, exploring world-class caves, going on off-road adventures, ziplining, and much more.








experience two distinct exciting destinations
the romance of european charm & a modern tropical city











old san juan / el viejo san juan



old san juan (el viejo san juan) is the most beloved town in puerto rico by both locals and visitors; you’ll feel like you’re in a european city, but more intimate, colorful, and certainly livelier.  we invite you to make old san juan your first stop in puerto rico.  wear comfortable shoes; you’ll

read more
… want to walk every block leading to five-century-old forts, museums, cathedrals, elegant squares, romantic promenades, delightful restaurants, and one-of-a-kind shops.  immerse yourself in our vibrant culture by joining the festive events celebrated throughout the year.  for honeymooners, the old city unfolds romantic experiences and quiet spots to cherish moments of love. get lost in the allure of this historic gem and create memories that linger in the heart.
about old san juan ⎮ hotels in old san juan ⎮ old san juan tours



the new san juan



discover the ever-evolving “new san juan,” the vibrant metropolis of the caribbean that seamlessly blends modernity with tropical allures.  our capital city presents a dynamic fusion of urban amenities and lively entertainment, complemented by the enchantment of tropical beaches…

read more
… lavish beachfront hotels, excellent dining options, shopping extravagance, and exhilarating nightlife.  explore the tourist hotspots of condado, ocean park, and nearby isla verde, where you can revel in the best of both worlds — experience the energy of bustling city life and unwind in the true spirit of a fun and relaxing tropical escape. 
take a few minutes to learn more about the best tourist spots to stay in san juan that fit your travel preferences.  








tourism in san juan, puerto rico













five centuries ago, san juan was an impenetrable walled city; today, it is a hassle-free and exciting tropical escape in the caribbean, welcoming visitors with open arms.  san juan is the most popular tourist destination in puerto rico and a bustling cruise port in the caribbean, giving visitors world-class attractions, fun activities, and rich cultural experiences easily accessible, so no precious vacation time is wasted.  
getting around san juan to enjoy it all is easy; no car rental is needed; you can walk to many places, take a taxi or uber, or enjoy scenic bicycle rides around the city.

+ key facts for visitors

if you’re a u.s. citizen, there is no passport requirement; it is like traveling to another state.  
there is no need to travel far; the average flight from many us city airports is just 3.5 hours. 
spanish and english are the official languages, and most of the staff in the tourism industry are bilingual. 
no car rental is needed to explore and enjoy the city of san juan.  
outside of the city, you can explore the natural wonders and fun things to do around the island; visitors can book tours with friendly professional guides or rent a car to explore at their own pace. 

this travel guide includes everything you need to help plan an extraordinary vacation.  sit back, relax, keep this page open, and begin your adventure in san juan, puerto rico. 








experience the beach life of san juan - welcome to prdise!













indulge in the allure of san juan’s stunning beaches, each offering a unique experience from snorkeling in clear waters with sea turtles at escambron to sunbathing at the trendy condado beach, taking long walks on the golden sands of isla verde, kiteboarding at ocean park, or, of course, doing nothing at all with a refreshing piña colada in hand.  if you dream of seeing a dreamy beach, there’s a plethora of more pristine beaches to visit around puerto rico; the hardest part of your vacation will be not having more days to explore, which is the reason why so many visitors keep coming back to puerto rico. 








experience the historical marvels of san juan













san juan, the oldest city under the united states flag, celebrates 500 years of history.  puerto rico became a free commonwealth (territory/colony) in 1898 following the spanish-american war.  embark on a captivating journey in old san juan, a unesco world heritage site that unfolds like a living storybook full of history and legends. 

read more...
the majestic forts of el morro and san cristobal, built five centuries ago to protect the city, now stand as formidable guardians of the city’s rich history, offering breathtaking panoramic views of the coastline and sharing tales of resilience and historical significance.  walk through the red-colored gate, walk into san juan bautista cathedral, the second oldest church in the western hemisphere, take a tour of casa blanca, ponce de leon’s family mansion, and so much more.  you’re invited to experience san juan’s historical marvels of history and create your chapter in the captivating story of this historic gem.








experience the natural wonders & fun adventures of puerto rico 













get ready for a fun and adventurous vacation or as relaxing as you want it to be.  there’s plenty to see and do in san juan, but we encourage you to go beyond the city to explore the treasures around the island.  take a hike at el yunque rainforest and jump into gorgeous waterfalls, go on a snorkeling excursion to the idyllic islands of puerto rico, go ziplining or horseback riding, have a thrilling off-road adventure, explore caves, and have the best and most exciting beach hopping experience in the caribbean.
see the wonderful adventures you can enjoy from san juan.








where is san juan, puerto rico?













san juan is located on the north coast of puerto rico, a great location to explore the greatest natural wonders and fun activities of puerto rico.   puerto rico is situated in the greater antilles of the caribbean.  spanning 35 miles from north to south and 100 miles from west to east, makes puerto rico a wonderful destination for exploration; since no place is too far.   puerto rico is nestled between the caribbean sea and the atlantic ocean.  from san juan, you can hop on a small plane and visit the offshore islands of culebra and vieques for the most pristine beaches and breathtaking landscapes that one may think only existed in the caribbean of the past. 








experience san juan's hospitality
san juan, puerto rico













san juan’s diverse lodging options reflect the richness of its culture and the warmth of its hospitality, ensuring that every visitor finds their perfect hotel, resort, or rental to feel at home.  whether you seek budget-friendly simplicity, family-oriented comfort, romantic, historic charm, or lavish beachfront luxury, san juan has the perfect lodging experience for your caribbean getaway.  
we recommend you start by learning the differences among the tourist districts / best places to stay in san juan. 

beachfront hotels in san juan ⎮ adults only hotels ⎮ condado hotels ⎮ old san juan hotels ⎮ convention center district hotels ⎮ hotels near cruise ports  ⎮ casino hotels in san juan

read more
budget-conscious hotels, cozy guesthouses, and affordable hotels dot the city, offering a wallet-friendly retreat without compromising comfort.  saving money on accommodations in san juan doesn’t mean sacrificing fun; most budget-friendly hotels and small inns are within walking distance to beaches and some attractions or a short taxi ride away.
families with children can find spacious accommodations with kid-friendly activities and great service to keep everyone comfortable.  save a little money by staying just a block away from the beach or rent an apartment with all the amenities of home.
romantics & history buffs – old san juan offers small inns and luxury hotels in beautifully restored buildings for those yearning for a touch of history and old world romance.  immerse yourself in the charm of colonial architecture while being steps away from all that old san juan has to offer.
experience the epitome of indulgence with our luxury accommodations in san juan.  select from a range of exquisite options, from lavish waterfront and beachfront resorts like the condado vanderbilt to the charm of elegant colonial buildings such as palacio provincial or el convento.  immerse yourself in a haven that seamlessly blends european sophistication with tropical allure.








experience the sounds & vibrant culture of puerto rico













we warmly welcome you to san juan, the pulsating cultural heart of puerto rico.  san juan is a captivating blend of taino, african, and spanish influences intricately woven into our music, art, and cuisine.  immerse yourself in our vibrant tapestry of culture by joining island residents as they flock to san juan to revel in countless festivals and exciting events throughout the year.  embark on a journey…

read more...
… of discovery as you explore museums, art galleries, and cultural centers that proudly showcase the island’s rich heritage and artistic expressions.  enrich your experience with various cultural activities, from taking salsa, plena, and bomba dancing lessons to indulging in food-tasting tours led by passionate locals, all designed to offer you an authentic experience of our vibrant culture.
at christmas time, we invite you to come to san juan to celebrate the longest festivities in the world. christmas celebrations begin right after thanksgiving and end in the third week of january.








experience the flavors of puerto rico
homeplace of piña coladas & mofongo













prepare for an exciting culinary journey, rooted in three cultures and expertly combined to serve up tantalizing, sultry flavors. and, if you like piña coladas, get ready to sip on the best you’ll ever have—san juan is where the drink was invented.
san juan proudly stands among the top caribbean destinations for food enthusiasts. delight in the authentic flavors of puerto rico, from traditional dishes like mofongo, the most delicious rice and beans you’ll ever eat, to delicious fritters such as alcapurrias and empanadillas and innovative fusions.  san juan offers fine dining experiences that cater to the most refined palates. visitors on a budget will find plenty of dining options where flavor is not compromised.

+ cultural experiences in san juan, puerto rico









experience the rhythms of san juan nights













get ready to ignite your evenings in san juan, puerto rico, as we unveil the vibrant heartbeat of the city’s nightlife.  even in nature, san juan’s activities continue through the night, such as the beloved condado lagoon and nearby bioluminescent bay in fajardo, where you can kayak in calm waters and experience the magic of bioluminescence.  from lively beachfront bars and old san juan pubs to sultry salsa clubs, san juan offers a diverse and electrifying array of nighttime experiences.  sip on tropical cocktails while enjoying the rhythmic beats of caribbean music, or dance the night away in the energetic ambiance of salsa and reggaeton hotspots.  the old san juan district comes alive after dark, with its charming cobblestone streets lined with trendy lounges and historic pubs.  whether you prefer a laid-back beachfront vibe or a high-energy dance floor, san juan’s nightlife promises unforgettable moments for every nocturnal adventurer.

+ nightlife in san juan puerto rico









experience happiness













if you love taking photos,  you may find yourself already ready for a selfie with a smile.  san juan invites you to be free, just look at the locals and follow their lead… run around the grounds of el morro and fly a kite, basking under the sun and jumping on the water at the beach, dancing to the rhythms of salsa, to smiling to the effects of chromatherapy as you pass by candy colored painted buildings in old san juan… it just feels happy and it quickly fills your heart.  
san juan has something for the young and the young at heart with a high dose of happy vibes.








experience san juan just a quick flight away















puerto rico is a free commonwealth of the united states, so no passport is required for citizens of the u.s.a.  with daily flights offered from major cities in the united states, travel to san juan is convenient and affordable.   as you sleep, dine, and shop, you’ll receive warm and friendly hospitality for an enjoyable stay.  plus, the weather is perfect with an average temperature in the 80’s all year.  it’s always a great time to vacation in san juan, puerto rico.













the tourist districts of san juan, puerto rico











old san juan, puerto rico



+ old san juan, puerto rico
whether you choose to stay in old san juan or another destination around the island, this is one place you simply cannot miss visiting while in puerto rico.  old san juan equals happiness, with many fun events held throughout the year, giving visitors an opportunity to immerse themselves in the culture of puerto rico.  everything you could possibly need during your vacation is within walking distance along the charming narrow streets with candy-colored buildings and blue cobblestones.   visitors will be captivated by the european charm, majestic castles that protected the city five centuries ago, the sounds of salsa, the romantic restaurants, unique shops, and friendliness of welcoming locals.  nightlife is vibrant, and days can be full of interesting places to visit, yet you’ll find many spots to simply relax.  during christmas, old san juan is the best place to be with live music, lights, and activities young and old will enjoy.  foodies seeking extraordinary culinary experiences will have plenty of great choices without necessarily breaking the budget. 
+ old san juan, puerto rico  ⎮ + hotels in old san juan



condado – san juan, puerto rico



+ condado - san juan, puerto rico
condado is the most popular tourist vacation destination in new san juan.  condado is a cosmopolitan destination boasting some of the trendiest and most luxurious waterfront resorts and hotels.  condado offers visitors: excellent dining options, lounges, casinos, nightclubs, and beautiful event venues.  pack light and bring empty luggage, just steps from condado beach, you’ll be shopping at high-end boutiques and shops including louis vuitton, gucci, cartier, and salvatore ferragamo.  condado is a great location for couples and families wanting beachfront accommodations.
condado hotels  ⎜ condado beach





convention center district – san juan, pr



+ convention center district
convention center / miramar is a hot spot for events and business travelers and home to the pan american cruise pier, isla grande airport, and puerto rico convention center – a state of the art convention center offering year-round events for both locals and businesses across the globe.  the harbor is currently being re-developed, and a beautiful new luxury hotel by starwood was just built.
hotels at the convention center district



ocean park



+ ocean park - san juan, puerto rico
ocean park is a popular destination for its beach, water sports, recreational park, small boutique hotels, and guest houses offering beachfront access at very affordable rates. compared to condado, ocean park has a more laid back and casual feel.
ocean park hotels ⏐ ocean park beach








map - capital city of san juan, puerto rico
beaches, top attractions, hotels, resorts, services & more







 












basic & interesting facts about san juan, puerto rico











san juan is the capital city of puerto rico.  puerto rico is an unincorporated territory of the united states.  san juan is the financial and industrial center of the island and the most visited tourist destination.  the tourist areas span over 8 miles of the beautiful atlantic coastline, from historic old san juan to the beaches of isla verde in the neighboring town of carolina.
the san juan airport and cruise port are both caribbean hubs welcoming millions of tourists every year.  this modern city is the second oldest settlement in the americas, it is rich in history, treasuring its past, but setting new standards in technology across the caribbean by always moving forward.







formal name of san juan
 municipio de la ciudad capital san juan bautista (municipality of the capital city, saint john the baptist). 
the original name for what today is the capital city was puerto rico (rich port), which was later named san juan, and the entire island was named puerto rico. 

pronunciation of san juan
 “sahn hwahn, pwer-toh ree-koh”
the pronunciation of "san juan" in spanish is approximately "sahn hwahn." the "san" is pronounced with a short "ah" sound, and "juan" is pronounced with the "hw" sound, which is similar to the english "wh" in "what." together, they form "sahn hwahn." remember that the "j" in spanish is pronounced like an "h."

where is the capital city of san juan?
 san juan is located on the north-east coast of puerto rico bordered by the atlantic ocean on the north side.


city hall (alcaldia) office

address: 153 calle san francisco, san juan, puerto rico 00901
tel: +1 787-524-2500


culture of san juan puerto rico
the capital city is the cultural center of puerto rico.  san juan is a happy place all year round and around the clock!  residents from across the island flock to the capital city to attend cultural events and visit the many points of interest. visitors are encouraged to join in and experience the heart and soul of san juan.  + culture in san juan, puerto rico

electricity in san juan / puerto rico
current is 110 volts ac, same as the united states

puerto rico flag
the current flag of puerto rico was officially adopted in 1922.  the red stripes are symbolic of the “blood” that nourishes the three branches of its government; legislative, executive, and judiciary.  more about the puerto rico flag. 

hospitals & pharmacies in san juan
during your visit to san juan, easily find pharmacies in tourist areas within walking distance of hotel/resort areas.  should you need any medical assistance during your travels, there are various hospitals ready to give you care.  + hospitals and pharmacies in san juan, puerto rico

land area
76.93 sq. miles (199.2 km²)

language in san juan / puerto rico
spanish & english are the official languages in puerto rico.  spanish is preferred, but most locals, especially in tourist areas, speak english.

mayor of  san juan, puerto rico
miguel a. romero lugoaddress: p.o. box 4355, san juan, p.r.  00901-4355telephone:  (787) 524-2500

money matters 

currency:  u.s.a. dollar (dolar, peso)
banks – you’ll find local banks throughout the city with ath’s (in u.s. called atm’s) that function on u.s networks.  banco popular, scotiabank, doral, santander, & firstbank ath machines are most frequently available.
methods of payment – cash, visa, mastercard, and ath (debit cards) are the most commonly accepted methods of payment.  american express, discover, and diners club are not as commonly accepted in puerto rico.
sales tax rate:  11.5%




population
population is 395,326 according to the 2010 us census.
sources:  us census

police & emergency services
visitors can feel comfortable exploring the tourist areas of san juan.  there is a strong police presence and the officers are trained to help visitors feel safe.
+ police and emergency services in san juan, puerto rico

post offices
there are various post offices located in tourist districts of san juan, visitors are welcome to stop by and send postcards and packages back home.  post service is by the united states postal service.

see map with post office locations
san juan, puerto rico zip codes & area codes


subdivisions of san juan
the municipality of san juan (like a county in the u.s.) is divided into 18 districts (barrios), which are further divided into communities/ neighborhoods (sub-barrios).

television & internet
television and internet access are available via satellite or cable companies as in the united states.

temperature / weather in san juan
average of 81 degrees f.  see our weather page for more information.

time zone in san juan, puerto rico
puerto rico is on atlantic standard time (ast) = eastern u.s. daylight savings time (edt)
puerto rico does not recognize daylight savings as in the u.s.
if you're traveling from the u.s., here are the time zone conversions:
during u.s. daylight savings time months (early march thru october):
eastern daylight time (edt) is the same as puerto rico time
central daylight time (cdt) + 1 hr. = puerto rico time
mountain daylight time (mdt) + 2 hrs. = puerto rico time
pacific daylight time (pdt) + 3 hrs. = puerto rico time(i.e. noon pdt = 3 pm in san juan)
during u.s. standard time months (november into early march):
eastern standard time (est) + 1 hr. = puerto rico time(i.e. noon est = 1 p.m. in san juan)
central standard time (cst) + 2 hrs. = puerto rico time
mountain standard time (mst) + 3 hrs. = puerto rico time
pacific standard time (pst) + 4 hrs. = puerto rico time

tourism offices
the tourism office is a great place to stop after arriving at the airport or beginning your walking tour of old san juan.  the staff is ready to help you and answer any questions you may have.  see locations and maps of tourist offices.

typography of san juan, pr
san juan is mostly flat, with coastal areas facing the atlantic ocean and the san juan bay.

water in san juan / puerto rico - can you drink it?  
san juan puerto rico tap water, and around most of the island, is “city water” and safe to drink, tastes good, and meets the same requirements set by the epa for the united states.  the puerto rico water company, autoridad de acueductos y alcantarillados (aaa), uses the latest technology to filter and purify drinking water for san juan and other towns throughout puerto rico.  for water quality information, visit their website at acueductospr.com.  as in the u.s., if a business or home uses well water (rural areas only), they are responsible for monitoring its quality and safety.

when was san juan founded?
san juan was founded on august 8, 1508, by juan ponce de león, an explorer from spain.  

zip codes & area codes of san juan
san juan zip codes & area codes
puerto rico zip codes



 





 
 
 





san juan puerto rico tourism
– about san juan– best things to do in san juan, puerto rico– san juan cruise guide– old san juan, puerto rico– hotels in san juan– san juan puerto rico travel guide



things to do in san juan
– best things to do in san juan– san juan cruise excursions– san juan puerto rico beaches– best day trips from san juan– cultural experiences in puerto rico– romantic things to do in san juan & puerto rico– puerto rico things to do– puerto rico islands– puerto rico beaches




copyright 2025 | san juan puerto rico.com | all rights reserved | privacy policy | by using this site you agree to the terms of service

puerto rico things to do ⎮ culebra puerto rico ⎮ punta cana dominican republic





useful numbers
– san juan tourism office 1-787-710-8280– alcaldia san juan 1-787-524-2500– emergencies 911

we hope you enjoy your visit to san juan puerto rico.  we welcome your feedback. feel free to contact usthis guide is researched, written and published independently of advertisements. we don’t accept payments in exchange for favorable reviews.



 


 

we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsreject allaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 





















