



 



kitchen remodeling & renovations oklahoma city & edmond ok by classic kitchens






























































 













classic kitchens















						
			call today! 405.755.5822











home
about
cabinetry
services
planning
building a new home
portfolio
contact









exceptional craftsmanship


providing quality, timely, personalized service for over 35 years! 
attention:
your time is valuable and your health and safety are important to us. to assure a designer is available to discuss your specific project we recommend contacting the designers at classic kitchens and setting a showroom appointment to start the process of achieving your dream project

stephen wells: (405) 831-5043  
grant parcell: (405) 831-0799 


see the possibilities









kitchen remodeling & design oklahoma city & edmond


comprehensive kitchen renovations
our work:
for more than 35 years, classic kitchens has been providing homeowners in oklahoma city and edmond, ok with beautiful custom kitchen cabinets. if you’re planning on doing kitchen remodeling, we can show you a wide range of custom kitchen cabinetry that works well in your specific space. classic kitchens carries wood-mode’s semi-custom brookhaven cabinet line as well as wood-mode’s fully customized line of cabinetry, and we can use our experience and expertise to help you choose the right cabinets for your home.








in addition to offering custom kitchen cabinets, classic kitchens can also provide kitchen remodeling and design services to our customers. if you don’t like the current layout of your kitchen, we let you see other kitchen designs and show you how they’ll make your space more functional and aesthetically pleasing. we can handle every aspect of kitchen renovations, too, and deliver the kitchen you’ve always dreamed about in the end. we’ll make sure every detail is exactly the way you want it during your kitchen remodeling project.
since first setting up shop back in 1984, classic kitchens has worked with hundreds of homeowners, custom builders, architects, and more in oklahoma city and edmond, ok as well as those in enid, clinton, ada, duncan, and tulsa, ok. we welcome you to come and check out the custom kitchen cabinets we sell in our showroom and invite you to ask any questions you might have about tackling a kitchen remodeling job. with our knowledgeable staff and exceptional wood-mode products, classic kitchens offers the best in quality and professionalism.
to make an appointment in our showroom or to learn more about our kitchen remodeling and design services, call classic kitchens at 405-755-5822.




































cabinetry


fine selection of kitchen & bath design





view your options






portfolio


showcasing our recent work





browse our categories






showroom


walk-ins and appointments are available





come visit us










have a special request?


name*e-mail*phone#message*would you like to receive emails in the future?**would you like to receive emails in the future?*


yes



no
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ



like us on facebook!







stay in touch
 
phone: 405.755.5822
email: grant@classickitchensinc.com

address:  201 w wilshire blvd		oklahoma city ok  73116		

hours:
monday: 
			 10:00 am -  
		 5:00 pm
tuesday: 
			10:00 am -
		 5:00 pm
wednesday: 
			 10:00 pm - 
		 5:00 pm
thursday: 
    
		 10:00 am -  
		 5:00 pm

early morning, evening, and friday by appointment.











© 2025 classic kitchens | sitemap | privacy policy





classic kitchens
homeaboutcabinetryservicesplanningbuilding a new homeportfoliocontact

				× close panel			
































 
