















welcome to brown & forrest - the smokery somerset | langport & yeovil































































skip to content









			bowdens farm, hambridge, somerset, ta10 0bp, england			

 	01458 250875   info@smokedeel.co.uk





0 items  - 
£0.00 


login/register








0 items  - 
£0.00 








brown and forrest


about
visit
shop










about
visit
shop
 
jesse’s blog
gift vouchers
enjoy elsewhere
contact us
 



 

login/register












brown & forrest
the somerset smokery
we are a small family-run smokery, overlooking the somerset levels. our master smokers produce the finest hot & cold smoked foods, including smoked salmon, trout, duck, chicken & delicious cheese. buy our smoked goodies online or visit our hambridge shop. you can also stop by our café for a light lunch, takeaway or picnic.
please note we will be closed on saturday 15th february for our annual staff outing












online shop
our products






 
fish



 
cheese



 
hampers



 
drinks & nibbles



 
meat



 
merchandise






ordering & delivery






1
shop 24/7 online or email. call us monday to saturday 10am - 3pm.


2
we smoke nearly everyday and pack your orders fresh.


3
we deliver to your door from tuesday to friday.








jesse's blog
view blog





 new brochure & 10% off! october to november 2023! 
posted: 13/10/2023



 


its that time of year again as our christmas catalogues are on their way to you! this also means you can now place orders for christmas delivery & take advantage of our 10% off all orders offer! we also have some new products to tempt you with – from salmon pastrami to hot smoked venison […]

read more






latest recipe
see recipes




coronation chicken
one of the most popular dishes we serve, it always sells out. our customers are forever asking how we make it so much nicer than any recipes they use. so after much arm twisting we have been persuaded to share the recipe. delicious with salad and granary bread or new potatoes.

read more



 








about us
we are a small family-run smokery that overlooks the glorious somerset levels from the village of hambridge. after learning the art of hot smoking in germany in the 1980s, we’ve been lovingly producing the finest smoked foods in the south west since 1981.
our master smokers, tim & seb, use open fires for hot smoking and traditional brick kilns for our cold smoking. our delicious range includes hot and cold smoked salmon, trout, chicken, duck, pork, pates and cheeses to name but a few. all our goodies can be ordered online or over the phone and will be delivered to any door of your choosing.
from hampers to sides of salmon via vinaigrette and bottles of wine it all makes the most perfect presents as well as delicious treats for your own table.
 


 



testimonials


“thank you so much brown & forrest smokery. we were the lucky recipients of some amazing smoked goodies in a recent competition and i can honestly say, it is the nicest smoked salmon i’ve ever had! not only were all the products delish but communication with brown & forrest was great and the staff were super helpful. highly recommended. we will be back”
lucy a


“the best smoked fish you can find, anywhere!  i’m sure the meat, cheese and garlic is just as good, but i just can’t bring myself to choose anything else..
graeme c


“jess and his team at brown & forrest are something to which we should all aspire to. if i could get my chefs and front of house to care as much as they do about their products and how they are delivered we could have two michelin stars not just one!”
richard guest





sign up toour newsletter-well, our rambles
 














about us
about the smokery
jesse’s blog
contact us
 

useful info
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms and conditions
gift vouchers



quick links
home
shop
links
my account
 

social media




 

get in touch
   bowdens farm, hambridge, somerset, ta10 0bp, england
 	01458 250875
  info@smokedeel.co.uk






all material © brown and forrest 2021





website by stable design





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 






















































