



lawton first assembly | church in lawton/fort-sill







































new here?

about

connect


groups


serve


next gen


osom


adult ministries


compassion



messages

events

give
 



































































the oklahoma school of ministry (osom) offers an excellent opportunity for training ministers and church workers/leaders, right here at lawton first assembly. osom takes place the first saturday of every month through june.


click the link below for the course schedule, cost, registration, and much more.


register



























midweek at lfa starts wednesday, february 5!• new starting time 6:30pm (all ministries/services)• family & budget-friendly meal 5:00-6:00pm• adult services: greater focus on prayer/worship


click the link below for more information and make plans to join us each week!


more info



















join us for church!



sundays 9:15am & 11:00amwednesdaysnew starting time 6:30pmadults service/lfa kids/lfa youthmidweek at lfa starts weds., feb. 5

midweek at lfa

2201 nw 82nd st.lawton, ok 73505





































watch services



join us live online and also find past sunday & wednesday messages.




watch services















































youth camp2025

students 7th-12th, camp registration opens sunday, january 26. register and secure your spot today!

learn more


























love yourneighbor

love your neighbor is how lfa funds the people/projects to bring god's love to their world. 

learn more























servewith us

find your place to serve! we would love to have you on our team. get started today~

learn more











































lfaevents


find it all here—water baptism, fun gatherings, child dedication, and much more. 

learn more

























waterbaptism


we want to celebrate this decision with you! click the link below to get all details and sign up.


learn more





























lfagroups


our spring semester of lfa groups starts february 16! check out our groups catalog here!

learn more





































where are you located?





we are located at the corner of 82nd and quanah parker. our address is 2201 nw 82nd st lawton, ok 73505.






what time is service?





we have two sunday service times to choose from— 9:15am & 11:00am. you can join us for church either in-person or online!






where do i park?





if it's your first time joining us, we have a parking space on the south side of the building just for you. look for the signs that say "guest only parking."






what about my kids? 





we're a church for the whole family! from infants through 6th grade, we want your kids to have a blast learning about jesus in a safe environment. click here to learn more!












what  does a typical service look like?





lfa is a bible-based, spirit-filled church that is full of life, creativity, and encouragement. off the top of our services, our worship team will lead us in worship, followed by a message from one of our pastors. the entire service lasts about 1 hour and 15 minutes.






how do i get involved in serving?





from worship to kids ministry, production to prayer team, and the café to the parking lot, we’d love to have you join one of our serve teams that help make church happen! click here to learn more.






what should i wear?





worried about what to wear? don't be! casual dress is totally fine.






do i have to become a member?





you do not have to become a member to be a part of the lfa family!






































lawton first





new here?

about

connect

messages

events

give

free resources: rightnow media





 2201 nw 82nd street, lawton 73505mail: po box 6485, lawton, ok 73506   office: monday - thursday 9:00am-5:00pmfriday 9:00am-3:00pm   email us: info@lawtonfirst.org  call us: 580.536.9325





























© 2021 all rights reserved. powered by ministry designs omega























