









the university of chicago facilities services















toggle navigation





functional directorycontact us
search




enter search below

search



the university of chicago facilities services




our services
campus construction
sustainability and energy
botanic garden
about us
contact us
























paving the way: facilities services tradeswomen secure their own locker rooms

now with a step towards inclusion and belonging, the ladies have sufficient facilities to use after performing the same labor-intense tasks as their m















facilities services’ summer meeting filled with retirees, rehires, rewards, and a recap on freedom of expression

at the facilities services (fs) bi-annual all staff meeting, this june, a record number of employees who will be retiring over the next few months wer















project to improve accessibility, sustainability of main quadrangles

the walkway renovation will provide new pedestrian walkways, add native plantings and improve drainage















rockefeller chapel renovation to add beauty, functionality to historic landmark

efforts are underway to preserve some of the historic and ornate stained-glass windows and unique features of the university of chicago’s rockefeller






previous



next






facilities services supports the mission of the university of chicago through efforts to maintain and enhance the university campus and environment and provide superior client service to our community including faculty, students, staff, neighbors and visitors. about us








facilities services and resources





construction & renovation





residential properties





space data, maps & signage





service request







facilities notifications



1155 e. 60th roof replacement - phase 3february 17, 2025
the third phase of roof replacement at 1155 east 60th street will start in march


accelerator building (acc) and high energy physics (hep)-demolitionseptember 3, 2024
starting on monday, sept. 9, construction activities will start at the north sciences quad in preparation for the demolition of the hep and acc buildings.


rockefeller chapel exterior envelope project-summer 2024february 6, 2024
façade and the stained-glass window restoration is scheduled to start in early february












campus
construction projects - last updated 02/17/2025
at any given time, the capital project delivery team oversees more than 100 projects, from small-scale renovations to multi-million dollar
new construction.
explore the map







how do i?



request service
pay rent
start a project
report a problem after hours




obtain quadrangle access permits
request a bike rack
request snow removal
request all gender restroom signage








uchicagosocial: facilities services

youtube
facebook
twitter













university of chicago





facilities services
5235 s. harper court
suite 1000
chicago, il. 60615



m – f 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.

office: 773.702.1700
service center: 773.834.1414
work-center@uchicago.edu





contact us
functional directory
for our vendor partners
job opportunities
accessibility








©2025 the university of chicago













