

















bradford mcintyre positively positive living with hiv/aids





















aboutbradford
 
 hiv/aidsarticles
 
 alternativetherapies
 
 hiv/aidsvideos
 
 hiv/aidslinks
 
 hiv/aidsnews





introduction:positively positive - living with hiv
 
outabouthiv
 
resume/curriculum vitae:hiv / aids involvements
 
biography
 
 hiv/aidsnews archive 










look beyond the faces and stories 
of people with hiv/aids 
video & photo credit: michelle valberg
watch video



click here for
out about hiv (bradford's message)




click here 
for
bradford's
essay:
on hiv




 



in loving memory
of
gerald (jerry) oliver fogg

and all those we love who have died of aids. 








honours & awards






hiv/aids site map










positively 
positive - living with hiv/aids
 on november 28th 1985, i was told by my doctor to inform my  family, arrange my finances and funeral, i had six months to live! after four years of living in fear, my life  took a dramatic turn and i embarked on a spiritual journey from fear to love! healing does not necessarily mean cure of disease, but healing our mind and transforming our body to realize its full potential, joy and purpose. learning about the influence that our thoughts have on our life and health, from breakdown to breakthrough. living today as healthy and as fully as you can, mentally, emotionally, physically and spiritually. the abundance of life does not come from what one can provide for oneself, but it is provided in our connectedness.
 we don’t usually look at aids (or any life threatening illness) as an opportunity. but, without diminishing the  seriousness of the disease or sentimentalizing its impact, it can be “a wake up call”.
 our judgments and those we place on
others... please click here to continue reading!























bradford  mcintyre - out about hivout & proud - vancouver pride parade, 2004
 - in the name of love
photo credit:john kozachenko



video: living positive
bradford's story 


video: labels are for cans








aids education posters
 collection












how does disclosure affect hiv prevention? 
why is disclosure important in hiv?
caps hiv prevention fact sheet
center for aids prevention studies (caps), university of california, san francisco






 
























 





condoms - a standard practice for all
by bradford mcintyre
    we know many of our youth are having sex and will have sex in the future. to teach abstinence
without including education on the need for a condom and how to use a condom will lead to more
hiv and std infections. education is the key!
   around the world the use of condoms is seen as a trusted weapon in the prevention of hiv infection, however, these efforts are often hampered by religious beliefs.
article continues >>>





 



not everyone, who becomes infected with hiv, originates from a ‘high risk’ group  by bradford mcintyre 



  everyone is at risk of infection and worldwide infection rates show that hiv is infecting men, women and children of all ages. millions of people, who were not considered to be “high risk”, are now infected. the outdated and inaccurate messages that continue to be broadcast contribute globally to a false sense of security.
article continues >>> 






 


hiv prevention - our voices are necessary

by bradford mcintyre
  how can there be any real understanding about hiv and aids prevention, without the necessary information reported?

  hiv/aids reported in the news is minimal, at a time when it needs to be at the forefront! why is this?
 
money is being spent trying to determine ways to provide hiv prevention but in order to reach everyone; hiv needs to be in the news!

article continues >>> 





 

“aids is a war against humanity”
by bradford mcintyre
  individuals should not have to suffer all losses due to illness! men, women and children are suffering with hiv/aids. we need to assure that these people are cared for, not discriminated against! we must provide funds for proper nutrition, housing and health care for these individuals to aid and contribute to their well-being. we need to get rid of the false perceptions and judgments. like doreen millman said in vancouver at the 1996 aids conference in reference to how a 63 year old grandmother got aids. she said, “it just doesn’t matter!” neither does an individual’s race, religion or sexual orientation matter! don’t look for differences; look at how we can help one another.
article continues >>>


















web safety
boss


positivelypositive.ca


free of toxic links
approved by	sur.ly


2023







site map
contact bradford mcintyre.
web design by trevor 
uksik


copyright ©  2003 - 2025 bradford mcintyre. all rights reserved. legal
designed to create hiv & aids awareness
 













