






air cannon plans | air cannon kits | american air cannons | potato cannons | golfball cannons | t-shirt cannons | spud guns













 
 




 


home
about
plans
kits
prebuilt
parts
barrels
testimonials
faq
contact

































                    american air cannons | potato cannons and spud guns



                    proudly made in the usa since 2001




 






air cannon interchangeable

                                    barrelsexpand your existing

                                    cannons

learn

                                    more




air cannon compressors &

                                    fittingsco2 kits and

                                    compressor parts

learn

                                    more




air cannon ammunition &

                                    projectilesammunition,

                                    projectiles, shirts & stuff

learn

                                    more




 

american air cannons sells an array of air cannon kits and air cannon plans

                    for creating your own arsenal of potato cannons, golf ball cannons, tennis ball cannons, and

                       t-shirt launchers.

                       download our easy to follow, step-by-step air cannon plans and discover how to build the perfect potato cannon in less than an hour.
these air cannons can be used for all types of

                         concerts, racing events, sporting events, in-door seminars and company picnics. we

                         also sell pre-built air cannons that work straight out of the box with nothing more than an

                       air source to begin operation right away.
for large crowds, these air

                         cannons have the power to reach the upper levels of most

                         stadiums, trade show halls, concert settings and outdoor events.
our t-shirt cannons and potato cannons have been

                    used during concerts and sporting events. our air cannons are the most popular choice for

                    those on a tight budget.
american

                         air cannons has been in business online for over eight years and we've

                         designed custom air cannons for numerous events for corporations and govt.

                         agencies. our potato cannons have been used for sending potatoes hurtling

                         through the air to feed the black bears in ohio to blasting confetti at birthday

                         parties. many rescue organizations use our air cannons for swift water rescues and

                         the us coast guard uses our guns to scare the geese away from their ships without

                         harming them or exposing the crew to the avian bird flu.
different models to choose fromwe offer a wide variety of

                         quality t-shirt

                         cannons, potato

                         cannons and golf

                         ball cannons. the air cannon t-shirt cannons

                         can be used for any event—concerts, racing events, special events, state fairs, sporting

                         events, grand openings, parades, etc.
built to lastour air cannons are built to last. we use

                    300 psi pvc pipe, high quality guages and valves. and we back every cannon we sell with

                    a 100% product performance guarantee. see what our customers are saying

                    about american air cannons.
download your easy to follow, step-by-step air cannon plans today and learn

                    how to build a simple air cannon for yourself.
 
download our american

                    air cannons white paper here
google+
google+










home about plans kits pre built videos extra barrels co2 kits super special testimonials faq contact potato guns spud gun types air compressors spud gun facts how to build a potato gun how to build a breach loading spud gun 101 ideas 
terms privacy site map






