     bill heidrick's cross references    not an official oto or thelema lodge website.  oto material carried by permission.     bill heidrick's cross references  do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.      this page is intended as a convenience for browsing or linking local pages and several other sites that may be of interest.  the individual and indexed links are designed so that they may be easily re-linked (not copied as pages) by webmasters of other sites on their own pages. please contact the webmasters of external sites before linking to a 3rd party web page. the url's on this site are not likely to change for years to come, but external sites may move.this website does not offer products or services for any fees, although some external 3rd party linked sites do or may.  this website has never had any income whatsoever, and no employees (i just code it and load it myself); it's here as a free service.  donations are not accepted. some of the included material is historical in character and addresses or phone numbers in such material (periodicals, for the most part) are unlikely to be current.   environsat home in northern california, view from the entrance lane toward the frontage gardens, 3/24/08 e.v. multiple item links here:   writings of bill heidrick (my stuff)  writings of felicia heidrick (copyright fh)  crowley texts index to thelema lodge calendars (this link will eventually access more crowley materials, not all in the tlc)  thelema lodge calendar and thelema community calendar back issues.  external links:   al billings has made some of my texts available on his site.   the us oto grand lodge site, with links to information & oto international sites.   an oto international site in germany, with links to other oto material.   golden oldies -- try it.  you'll like it.  books and rare items here:for easy web reading:  extracts from adam's diary by mark twain  the ingoldsby legends, volumes i and ii by rev. richard harris barhamfor both dial-up and broad band download, ocr pdf's formatted to resemble original editions (more to come). size indicated and most under three megabytes:  14 volume set (not max müller's) the sacred books and early literature of the east 1917, separate pdf'sfor broad band download only, english language (mostly) book page images: meric casaubon's a true & faithful relation of what passed for many years between dr. john dee and some spirits...  (1659 ce)for broad band download only, latin language book page images:  john dee's monas hieroglyphica (1564 ce)   athanasi kircher's oedipus aegyptiacus tom iia and part tom iib (1653 ce)   knorr von rosenroth's kabbala denudata (1684 ce)   robert fludd's utriusque cosmi maioris salicet et minoris metaphysica... (1617-1619 ce)   gustavi seleni cryptomenytices et cryptographiae libri ix.... (1624 ce) (after i collect a few more pd "orphans," i'll set up a separate page for them.)   i'll be adding to this page from time to time...     if you have comments or suggestions, email me at heidrick@well.com  
