

















home | play four square





      skip to main content
    






















play four square









main navigation



home


rules


gear


competitions


champs


league


blog


contact
















the official rules
clear and concise to make games great.
read more
































 

20th annual four square world championships april 2025since 2005, bridgton, me, has hosted the world four square championships.  now in 2025 you can join the roster and take a shot at the world championship title.  join the melee on saturday, april 12, 2025, at 5:00pm at bridgton's town hall, 26 n high street, bridgton, me.  sponsored by the town of bridgton recreation department.



 

set up your own courtsfour square takes very little equipment or materials to play.  you can play on a sidewalk with chalk or you can play on a professionally painted court.  you can use any kind of ball as long as it bounces.  let's get started with best practices.



 

run your own competitionsplaying this game on the playground with friend or enemies is a blast. but sometimes you might want to keep an official score and determine who is the best four square player in town.



 

an example four square leaguelearn from our ten years of four square league experience in the boston, ma, and burlington, vt, areas and get help kicking off a league in your city.



 

official rules of four squarewe have established this standard of clear and concise four square game rules over a decade and more of court time and shared experiences. these standards make it possible to learn and enter play faster, have more in common with other communities playing the game, and create a jumping off point for players to experiment and improvise.
























 
the blog for burning questions.



























the nation's first and finest four square game resource.  all squarefour.org content is published with some rights reserved.












copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.








