



























































heidelberg materials | material to build our future













      skip to main content
    




















main menu










search










menu








company                      company
      company overviewstrategy and targetsgroup areas and countriessupervisory boardmanaging boardcorporate governancecomplianceprocurement and suppliersheritageannual and sustainability reportscompany

our business                      our business
      our business overviewsustainable productscementaggregatesready-mixed concreteasphaltreference projects
      heidelberg materials
    our business

sustainability                      sustainability
      sustainability overviewwe decarbonise the construction industrysustainability beyond co₂ reductionesg ratings and indicesesg documents and policies
      heidelberg materials
    sustainability

digital

investor relations                      investor relations
      investor relations overviewreports and presentationsfinancial calendar and eventsshares and adrsbonds and ratingkey financial datair announcementsir contact

media                      media
      media overviewpress releasespress photospress contactbrevik mediainsightssubscribe to newsmedia

career                      career
      career overviewworking at heidelberg materialsstudentsgraduatesprofessionalsjob offerscareer










worldwide








de
















      dirk meyer
    





























de















































































heidelberg materialsevozero®: the world’s first carbon captured net-zero cementdiscover more on evozero.com










                          about us
      
  











      heidelberg materials
    


in around 50 countries across the world, heidelberg materials stands for competence and quality. we are one of the world's largest integrated manufacturers of building materials and solutions.
our products are cement, aggregates, ready-mixed concrete, and asphalt. they are used for the construction of houses, infrastructure, and commercial and industrial facilities.



          our products and services
        







                          annual and sustainability report 2023
      
  















                          annual and sustainability report 2023
      
  







          play video
        
 





















we meet the demands of a growing world population for housing, mobility, and economic development.



          who we are, what we stand for
        







in our 150th anniversary year, we have shown that we can pro­fi­ta­bly combine financial success and our focus on sustainability.



          read our annual and sustainability report
        












 











                          sustainability
      
  











      heidelberg materials
    



we build a sustainable future – in terms of co₂ and beyond.



          read more on sustainability
        







                          investor relations
      
  











      deutsche börse
    



facts & figures: our transformation as successful business case.



          visit investor relations
        











                          going digital
      
  











      heidelberg materials
    



learn how we will become the first industrial tech company.



          discover digitalisation
        







                          jobs
      
  











we are the future-proof employer of your choice. 



          become part of our team
        












investor relations







► ir overview













                          news
      
  

heidelberg materials continues growth trajectory in the third quarter 2024heidelberg materials closed the third quarter of 2024 with a strong performance. read full article




                          upcoming event
      
  








        25
      

        feb
      




full-year 2024 results | analyst conference call





        02/25/2025
      
















                          reports and presentations
      
  


q4 consensus 2024
        pdf, 194.33 kb

    




► reports and presentations






                          share price center
      
  


► see all data












insights







► view all
























      heidelberg materials
    




producing cement, reducing waste


discover how the edmonton cement plant diverts 100 kilotonnes of waste annually, reducing landfill impact and greenhouse gas emissions. 














      heidelberg materials
    




3d-printed earthquake resistance


italy’s first 3d-printed earthquake-resistant building showcases the synergy between advanced technology and enhanced safety. developed by heidelberg materials, this innovative construction method reduces both time and environmental impact, setting a new standard for sustainable building practices.














      steffen spitzner
    




our building materials can make playground dreams come true


the new outdoor area at a daycare center in zwickau, germany is finished. with our impact-absorbing gravel and play sand from heidelberg materials mineralik, we have helped to create an environmentally friendly and secure play garden for around 80 children.















new nobel center: a hub for science, culture, and dialogue


the new nobel center will be built on the slussen waterfront and will combine sustainability with innovation by using evozero, the world's first carbon captured net-zero cement.














      armin buhl
    




60-metre milestone in the catch4climate pilot project


the completion of the 60-meter preheater tower marks a milestone for the catch4climate project, pioneering the path to enhanced carbon capture with oxyfuel technology.














media







all press releases













                          latest press releases
      
  







heidelberg materials sells business in congo




28 january 2025








heidelberg materials’ joint venture cement australia expands footprint with acquisition of bgc cementitious




11 december 2024








pioneering the transformation to net zero: brevik ccs project in norway reaches mechanical completion




2 december 2024


















newsroomread our press releases, download press photos, and find our press contacts. press services






















column 1companyour businesssustainabilitymediacareer

column 2heidelbergcement is heidelberg materialscontact ushow to get to our headquarterssubscribe to news

column 3imprintlegal disclaimerdata protectioncookiescompliance reporting systemsocial media statement











worldwide





                          follow us on
      
  





























































