



















































these are the days — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































saturn395
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














saturn395







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






these are the days
"life is a balance of holding on and letting go"


recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile

previous 10


about this journalcurrent month 12
3456789
10111213141516
17181920212223
24252627282930
jun. 16th, 2007 @ 07:24 pm post keith urban concerti forgot to post after my keith urban concert last weekend.  it was so much fun and well worth the wait for me.  he performed most of his new album and all the hits from the previous albums so it was a good two hour show.  i got to see the wreckers open for him also so i was pretty happy with the whole night.  i really didn't want it to end though.  the week went by pretty uneventful but i did go ice skating last night.  i have never been able to ice skate but i figured i would give it a try again and it wasn't too bad.  of course i didn't skate very fast but i didn't fall so my mission was accomplished for the night.  well, that's about all i have to say!!  :-)about this entry1 commentleave a commentpermanent linkmay. 18th, 2007 @ 04:13 pm i'm still having fun!i've been keeping busy the past couple of weeks again.  last week i finally made it to see elton john and the red piano at caesars.  it was a pretty good show.  i loved the performance for rocket man!!!  wednesday i got to see toni braxton.  it was an alright show.  she gets the audience involved a lot but i think she sounded much better when she was younger.  today at work i went to the csa celebration.  it's a little employee celebration caesars has every friday out on the casino floor.  somehow out of all the people there three of us got chosen for something special and i was one of them.  so, guess what i had to do!  i got to eat a meatball from rao's with my hands behind my back.  and if anybody doesn't know what a rao's meatball looks like let me just tell you they are huge.  one of the other people won but i just couldn't believe out of all the friggin people down there that i got picked.  it was a little embarassing but i just had fun with it because what else was i going to do?  and i got to eat a rao's meatball out of it so now i don't need to eat dinner tonight. lol and i did get some good news this week.  watch out world because there is another breiger baby! can't wait to make it home and meet my new little cousin. anyways, that's about it for now.  go wings!!go pistons!!about this entry2 commentsleave a commentpermanent linkmay. 6th, 2007 @ 01:58 am time flies when you are having fun!another month just flew by.  time is just going by so fast out here in vegas.  i'm still loving my job.  it gets a little insane at times but i still want to go to work even after a bad day.  my parents made it out here for their first time.  it was a lot of fun.  we kept pretty busy but it was a nice, relaxing weekend.  it had been 7 months since i moved at that point so it was really nice seeing them.  i got to see wayne newton, mr. vegas, last week.  it was actually a pretty good show.  i really enjoyed it and it was free thanks to my awesome roommate so that made it even better. :-)  well, that's about all i can think of right now but i'm sure i will post again after another month flies by.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkapr. 2nd, 2007 @ 08:26 pm where did march go?
current mood: tired

it has been awhile again but i've been keeping so busy that the time flies by extremely fast.  march was a lot of fun.  i started my new job and i'm already in my 4th week.  my days just fly by and it's a constant learning process.  i'm really enjoying it though.  karen and sarah came out the second weekend in march.  we did a lot in the couple of days they were here.  we pretty much hit up all the properties on the strip, made it down to fremont st., and we even made it out to he hoover dam and red rock.  i finally got to eat at neros, our steakhouse in caesars, and it was awesome.  i loved the whole experience.  the best part was i had a new hire recognize me so i got a bottle of wine comped.  that was pretty awesome!! i also got to see stevie nicks for free and that was a kick ass show.  i only knew like 4 songs but the show exceeded my expectations.  i'm really starting to love all the opportunities in this town and the more people i get to know, the more free stuff i get.  :-)  well, that's about all for now.  april is going to be busy with visitors but i'm sure i will find time to post again.  adios for now!about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkjan. 29th, 2007 @ 02:02 am ac slaterlast night i went to pure for the first time.  i think it's very over-rated and i don't understand why people would stand in line for hours.  it was just a bad experience and i don't recommend wasting the time to get in.  here's the exciting part of the night.  when we were leaving pure i almost ran into mario lopez.  you know, ac slater from saved by the bell.  or some of you might know him from dancing with the stars.  finally, a star i actually recognized.  i guess they were a few in town last night but i didn't see any of the others.  maybe if i would have stayed at pure longer i might have seen all of them but it still wasn't worth it. lol  the other highlight of my night was getting a couple of free drinks at caesars and sitting in sports book until they closed.  overall, the night turned out to be pretty good.  i had fun once i got out of pure.  that place just is not for me.  i would rather go to the huddle! lol for those of you who don't know, it's a bar in my hometown.  oh, and i walked out $80 ahead playing nickle keno.  not a bad night at all. :-)  anyways, i'm off for now.about this entry1 commentleave a commentpermanent linkdec. 11th, 2006 @ 03:56 am hanki got to see hank williams jr. last night at caesars palace.  he puts on a really good show.  i got discounted tickets and when we got there our seats got upgraded so i had pretty good seats for $25.  all the cowboy hats made me feel right at home, along with the detroit, kid rock and uncle kracker refrences too. lol  other than that, everything else is about the same for me.  i hope everyone is having a great holiday season! later gators!about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkoct. 18th, 2006 @ 06:26 pm it's all about who you know...oh my gosh!  i have been keeping busy this past week.  i have hit up a lot of the big places on the strip.  i walked around mgm, new york new york, bellagio, wynn, monte carlo, circus circus, riveria, luxor, and stardust.  the stardust is closing at the end of the month and it will be demolished the end of the year so we had to check it out.  i got to go up on the stratosphere and i went on the big shot, which just shoots you up into the air but it's kind of crazy when you are already over 100 floors off the ground.  and best of all, it was all free because of a connection. lol  last night we got to go into the voodoo lounge on top of the rio for free.  it's all about who you know! lol  oh, and last friday we toured valley of fire and it was beautiful.  i'll get a website up for pics soon.  i started orientation at caesars this week.  i had it monday and tuesday and i get to go back for more fun on thursday and friday.  saturday is when i actually get to start working in the total rewards area.  the weather is perfect for me now.  it's nice having weather in the mid-high 70's. lol  well, i have a lot to do today so i'm going to get going.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkoct. 11th, 2006 @ 03:47 pm (no subject)so, i've been out in vegas for about a month now.  i start working at caesars palace on monday as a total rewards rep.  i moved into an apartment with two other people a couple of weeks ago.  other than that, i've just been trying to learn my way around town and get situated a little.  oh yeah, i got to walk past john kerry today.  i know some people might think that's cool and others probably don't even know who it is. lol  well, that's about it.  go tigers!!  oh, and go chips since it's homecoming this weekend!about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkaug. 30th, 2006 @ 09:19 pm i'm here for the party!wow, another update in august.  last weekend was fun so i figured i would share.  i hung out with my best friend friday in almont and we ended up meeting up with some others from high school.  i always enjoy seeing people i went to school with so no complaints here. saturday was awesome though.  i got to see jake owen, blaine larsen, carrie underwood, dierks bentley, gretchen wilson, and kenny chesney at ford field.  it was an awesome show.  carrie underwood is of course my favorite and she covered guns n' roses so she had the place rockin'.  i think gretchen wilson sounds better live than on the radio and you can't go wrong with kenny chesney.  i'm a little bummed that kid rock didn't show up to perform picture with gretchen but uncle kracker came out for when the sun goes down and went into follow me.  i was really impressed with all of them and after singing along most of the night i was starting to lose my voice.  so, i guess that's always a good thing when you go to a concert.  plus, i got to see ford field for my first time and i'm impressed.  but, that's about all for now so adios amigos.about this entryleave a commentpermanent linkaug. 23rd, 2006 @ 12:38 pm extreme makeoveri just realized i never wrote about helping out with extreme makeover: home edition.  a couple of weeks ago extreme makeover was in armada and i signed up to volunteer.  well, it was pretty boring but it was kind of cool being on site.  all we did is pass out water to the workers and walked around the site.  the whole outside of the house was completely done by the time i got to help so most of the action was going on inside.  they didn't want many people inside at the time so i never made it in the house.  but the outside of the house is beautiful.   and you don't see the stars as much as you think you will when you see it on tv.  they don't come out very often to the spectator area so you pretty much need to stand around all day to catch them all.  some of them don't even come out unless they are doing a shoot, like the star of the show, ty.  i'm just excited about getting to see the inside of the house now.  i guess it's supossed to air oct. 8th incase anyone is interested.  it's pretty cool that a family from armada got picked and they definitely deserved to be picked.  other than that, i've just been trying to sort through some stuff in my room and trying to decide what gets to stay home and what gets to go to vegas with me.  my last day at target was last friday so it has been nice getting 8 hours of sleep a night and not having to take a nap. lol  anyways, i'm out of here for now! ;-)about this entry4 commentsleave a commentpermanent linkrecent entries | archive | friends | profile | previous 10 | top





























