ï»¿romora bay resort and marina - luxury resort harbour islandskip to content     marinayacht rendezvousrequest informationaccommodationsresort guideon-site diningamenitiesmassage therapydivingboat rentalsgolf cart rentalsupcoming eventsgallerygroup eventswelcome wedding partycateringyacht rendezvousarea guidegetting hereshopping & diningpink sand beachfishing & divinglocal attractionsofferscontactbook now toggle navigation    come home toromora bay resort and marina waiting for youfull service marina choose from12 lovely suites taste the flavorof the bahamas get readyfor poolside bliss just steps from the world famouspink sand beach dock into paradiseour marina and resort in harbour island combines international service standards with timeless bahamian ambience to create a destination unlike any other in the bahamas.reserve your slipmake a hotel reservationcheck-incheck-outrooms  adults  children  reserve a room       need assistance? call 242.333.2325  deep-waterfull-service marinaour full-service marina caters to boats, yachts, and mega yachts clientele. we accommodate vessels up to 190 feet in length. with a full crew dedicated to our marina guests, we’ll make sure you’re taken care of, and your vessel is too.learn moreoceansideluxury suitespampering you with luxury suites in harbour island, our resort caters to those looking for the finest amenities and the most stunning views on the island. we deliver complimentary wi-fi, an exclusive pink-sand beach area, and much more.see them alldocksidegroups and eventsdazzling island parties, impressive employee rewards getaways, or just something special for the family—we do groups right at romora bay resort and marina.  thanks to our catering options and flexible venue space,  you’ll never forget your event here.learn morefull service marinafishing & divingon-site diningevent cateringmodern amenitiestwo dining optionstaste of the tropicsexciting changes are coming to romora bay! enjoy breathtaking views from our new deck at upstairs at romora bay and experience the return of the iconic sip sip flavors at our soon-to-be-renovated restaurant. join us soon for unforgettable dining in paradise!learn moreromora bay resort and marinajoin us on harbour island for affordable luxury with a full-service marina and much more in the bahamas. contact usromora bay resort and marina  colebroke street harbour island, the bahamas 27146 the bahamas    phone:  242.333.2325    toll free:  1.800.688.0425   facebook    twitter    instagram    youtube helpful linkshomegallerycontact usweb accessibilityprivacy policysitemapsign up for specials  send join our mailing list to receive discounts, news, and more. we look forward to getting connected. ©  romora bay resort and marina | hotel website design by vizergy call us locationbook now 