



women's business center of new york state
















































          dedicated to training and assisting women in business or those who want to start a business.
        



















home


about


calendar


staff


resources


training classes


success stories


contact us

















welcome

                            posted on november 30, 2014 by donna

the women’s business center of new york state is providing the tools and resources necessary to help women entrepreneurs launch and expand successful companies in our communities. we provide services to area women entrepreneurs at every stage of business development through one on one counseling, either in person, online or telephone by offering training events, networking, and  mentoring opportunities. take the…
read more→




mohawk valley networking event

                            posted on june 8, 2017 by donna | 0 comments

on june 21st there will be a mohawk valley networking event at the oneida community golf club, in oneida, ny.  we know how great you are! oneselect is  hosting an opportunity for you to tell others!  enjoy light refreshments as you network with onegroup clients, colleagues, and entrepreneurial, fast growing, and emerging companies! bring your business cards and be ready to…
read more→




grow your business with email and social media

                            posted on june 7, 2017 by donna | 0 comments

this past monday evening, eighteen of us attended “getting started with constant contact” .  we had a great presenter, scott mathias, who is the authorized local expert for constant contact. scott is a very energetic, easy to understand presenter.  we all learned so much about email marketing and even some hints about social media.  he gave us the steps and short…
read more→




innovateher 2017:  innovating for women business challenge

                            posted on march 28, 2017 by donna | 0 comments

the sba office of women’s business ownership invites all entrepreneurs in the united states to compete for $70,000 in cash prizes sba is launching the third year of the innovateher: innovating for women challenge, a prize competition to showcase the most innovative products and services that impact and empower women’s lives. through this challenge, sba is looking for entrepreneurs to…
read more→




2017 entrepreneur boot camp

                            posted on february 6, 2017 by donna | 0 comments

sponsored by first source federal credit union entrepreneur boot camp will be held the following four tuesday evenings in march. march 7, 2017: strategies for opening or expanding your business march 14, 2017: financing your business: presentation by first source federal credit union march 21, 2017: developing and implementing your business plan march 28, 2017: identifying individualized support services classes…
read more→




small business saturday november 26, 2016

                            posted on november 16, 2016 by donna | 0 comments

get up, get out, and #shop small with us! this nov 26, we want to celebrate small business saturday(r) with you! it’s a special holiday created so communities can show love for small businesses. and it wouldn’t be a celebration without customers like you joining in! so mark your calendars for nov 26, the saturday after thanksgiving, and get ready…
read more→




30% discount on quickbooks

                            posted on september 20, 2016 by donna | 0 comments

intuit is working hard to bring small business influencers the best accounting solution with an exclusive discount. they are offering a 30% discount on quickbooks pro, quickbooks premier or quickbooks online to our wbc clients..  discount is only valid by calling (800) 498-7401 ext. 1478 to place your order and be sure to mention wbc when you call to get…
read more→




boscov’s gala preview for a great cause

                            posted on june 27, 2016 by donna | 0 comments

join us on thursday, october 6 , 2016 at sangertown square mall from 10 am to 9 pm to preview the opening of the beautiful boscov’s.  boscov’s is supporting the mohawk valley’s non-profit agencies such as the business training institute, inc. by allowing ticket proceeds to benefit these local non-profit agencies.  when you purchase your $5 ticket from the business…
read more→




coffee, conversation & counseling

                            posted on november 9, 2015 by donna | 0 comments

have questions? just need to talk about a problem with your business? join us any thursday for coffee, conversation & counseling  starting june 2, 2016. no appointment necessary.  just stop in and have coffee with us and get your questions answered! time: 10:00 am to 12:00 pm where: wbc of nys office, radisson hotel conference centre, 200 genesee street, utica, ny



















 













don’t miss out


mohawk valley networking event june 8, 2017


grow your business with email and social media june 7, 2017


innovateher 2017:  innovating for women business challenge march 28, 2017


2017 entrepreneur boot camp february 6, 2017


small business saturday november 26, 2016 november 16, 2016






posts by categories


accounting


advertising


bookkeeping


business


business plan


customers


email


employees


financing


home based business


loans


managing your business


marketing


money


networking


open for business


sba


starting your business


success


veterans






blogroll

eventbrite
register here





business links

entrepreneurial assistance program (eap)
eventbrite
nys small business development center
score
u. s. small business administration
women ties





follow us




















funded in part through a cooperative agreement with the u.s. small business administration. all opinions, conclusions or recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the sba.












serving the new york state counties of:
                          albany, broome, cayuga, chemung, chenango, columbia, cortland, delaware, fulton, greene, hamilton, herkimer, jefferson, lewis, madison, montgomery, oneida, oswego, otsego rensselaer, saratoga, schenectady, schoharie, schuyler, steuben, tioga, tompkins, warren, and washington.















women's business center of new york state
                    copyright © 2017 all rights reserved
                  












  


                      menu
                    




home


about


calendar


staff


resources


training classes


success stories


contact us













