







our lady of weight loss -









































facebooktwitteryoutubelinkedinpinterest 











services

coaching

sample client page


e-courses
workshops
hypnosis


books & art

art gallery
books


blog
take aways

healthy living meditations
inspirational videos
utterly useful materials
kick in the tush club


about

janice’s story
testimonials
in the media


contact











your gain is my pain. how can i help you? ~ janice taylor 




take aways … free, delicious bits of wisdom for you to consume at home. better than take out! 




need a kick in the tush?  who doesn’t?!!  join the club! 



 













create a life of dreams and purpose
partner with janice taylor, life & wellness coach, whose personal experience and holistic approach can help you to manifest your dreams and live the life you've imagined.




healthy living meditations
janice’s meditations are designed to help you to relax, release, and change your mind.  download her hypnotic meditation audio files, and see what could happen! 




overcome self-defeating patterns
hypnosis can be a powerful ally in holistic weight management. it can quickly relieve the emotional issues at the root of your problem and strengthen your motivation to make better healthy living choices. 




sign up for your weekly kick in the tush
our lady of weight loss's newsletter, "kick in the tush club" delivers weekly platters full of weight loss and wellness wisdom that satisfy. slim down while you laugh it up!














thanksgiving prayer
here, for you on this special day of gratitude and deep appreciation for every breath you take, a thanksgiving prayer.  




24th nov
off





how to lose 5 pounds in under 5 minutes?
 if you are feeling depressed, you can change your state by standing and breathing deeply and fully.




21st oct
off





24 bite-sized and delicious tips to better sleep from the our lady of weight loss snooze factory
24 bite-sized and delicious tips to better sleep from the our lady of weight loss snooze factory which offered up a platter full of tips. read, ingest and sleep!




20th sep
off





what happens when your mouth of chi is blocked? cluttered? messy?
is your mouth of chi blocked, cluttered or just plain messy?  the...




25th aug
off





screw the damn scale: 6 ways to build self-confidence
screw the damn scale. you are more than a number on the scale. 




19th aug
off





this friendship day: dump your toxic friends
i was thinking that i might share a gaggle of friendship quotes and get soppy about how much i love my friends, you guys especially, but our lady of weight loss interrupted my train of thought and insisted that i share my 7 tips on toxic friendship. 




01st aug
off





how to buy, eat, store the thirst-quenching pomegranate
the pomegranates high in polyphenols, known to many as the “jewel in winter,” has been crowned one of today’s super-foods.   




14th jul
off





morning chew:  the epictetus plan
for those who are interested in permanent weight removal vs. temporary weight loss chew on this!




24th jun
off





motivational musing: #yes!
yes, the mind likes to think, but until it learns to listen to others, to the body, the heart and all the sense, it also uses itself to block everything it does not like to do or to acknowledge.




15th may
off




pages:1234567...56» 


share this with a friend!









































           all content © 2001-2013 our lady of weight loss.
site by glint house.		   
            









