

































vanish vein and laser center - vanish vein treats varicose veins in naples florida


































239.473.5433
locate our office



home
about dr. landi
testimonials
procedures performed

facial vein treatments
forehead vein treatments
hand vein treatments
spider vein treatments

cosmetic sclerotherapy
liquid sclerotherapy
foam sclerotherapy
additional spider vein treatments
percutaneous ultrasonic directed sclerotherapy
closure of perforating veins


varicose vein treatments

elas - laser vein closure
microphlebectomies
1470 laser by thermalite™


venous stasis ulcer treatments


news & articles
before & after photos

hand veins
forearm veins
abdominal veins
spider veins
varicose veins
facial veins
foot veins
chest area veins
venous leg ulcers
lip hemangioma


contact us
























vanish vein and laser center
gulf coast vascular lab is located in the vanish vein and laser center in naples, florida. utilizing mindray 7 ultrasound technology we are able to perform state of the art venous duplex ultrasounds for extensive and thorough venous evaluations. we have treated patients from most of the states in the united states as well as most of europe, mexico and canada. since naples is a great place to visit and vacation, many patients combine a procedure with a vacation.
an rvt (registered vascular technician) with vast experience in venous ultrasound is available to do the exam which is then interpreted by by dr. john landi who is certified as a diplomate by the american board of venous and lymphatic medicine which is the venous credentialing society for venous and lymphatic treatment. he is also certified by the american registry for diagnostic medical sonography as a registered physician in vascular interpretation (rpvi), as well as by the cardiovascular credentialing international society as an rphs (registered phlebology sonographer). therefore, the results are immediately determined and the patients receive their diagnosis and recommended treatment plan at their initial appointment.
office hours are friday and saturday 7am to 5 pm (subject to change) 
vanish vein and laser center helpful links
» american college of phlebology







before & after photos
contact us

connect with us













dear dr. landi & staff, i just wanted to personally thank you for your care, and answering all my questions. it meant so much. the results were wonderful and the pain is gone! sincerely,
t. m.












© 2025 vanish vein treats varicose veins in naples florida -- all rights reserved.





sitemap |
terms of use










 






