










home - ohio insurance institute | oii




















































 














skip to content












member login  |  join












































































 
homemember directoryabout us overview meet the team governance & committees insurance in ohio contact usmembership member directory member login why joinkey initiativesresources auto insurance homeowners insurance insurance careers consumer resourcesfor teachers educational materials high school insurance curriculum request a speaker insurance educator of the year awardnews & events news events calendar








 


























who we are
the ohio insurance institute (oii) is a member-run trade organization comprised of property and casualty insurance companies and related organizations throughout the state of ohio. our members include leading domestic, regional and national p/c insurance companies, trade groups and related organizations.
our mission: to act as the ohio property and casualty insurance industry’s voice on matters affecting or involving the industry.
 

















join 
 
















directory 
 
















staff 
 
















why join 
 


















insurance in ohio






ohio’s insurance industry is a key economic driver of our state’s economy. with more than 275 insurance companies based in ohio, jobs and financial security are provided to a workforce of 115,000+ ohioans and growing. the competitive insurance marketplace in ohio provides businesses with the right types of coverages that support economic growth, innovation and prosperity throughout our state.










2nd



 










 
ohio ranks 2nd in the u.s. for number of property and casualty insurance jobs.
 












8th



 










 
ohio’s average auto insurance expenditure is 8th lowest in the u.s.
 












7th



 










 
ohio’s average homeowners insurance expenditure is 7th lowest in the u.s.
 
















learn more


















resources
















                                auto insurance                            














                                homeowners insurance                            






















                                consumer resources                            














                                educator resources                            














                                insurance careers                            























news





















 












© 2025 ohio insurance institute | oii
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













172 e. state st., suite 201columbus, ohio 43215 














614.228.1593 














614.228.1678 














info@ohioinsurance.org 










additional links






privacy policy
terms and conditions









stay connected!






































 © 

 ohio insurance institute | oii.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top














