







education technology | calculators | texas instruments


































 education technology



sign up for ti emails 













»














 products
 



 graphing calculators
 

 computer software
 

 ti-nspire™ technology
 



 ti-innovator™ technology
 

 data collection
 

 ti-nspire™ navigator™
 



 scientific calculators
 

 financial calculators
 

 basic and elementary
 




 downloads
 



 guidebooks - all products
 

 guidebooks - ti-84 plus ce
 

 guidebooks - ti-84 plus ce python
 

 guidebooks - ti-nspire™ technology
 



 ti-84 plus ce apps and updates
 

 ti-nspire cx updates
 

 all software, os and apps
 




 activities
 



 all classroom activities
 

 84 activity central
 

 math nspired
 

 building concepts in mathematics
 



 ti codes
 

 stem activities
 

 science nspired
 

 ti-innovator lessons
 




 educators
 



 math resources
 

 science  resources
 

 stem  resources
 



 special offers
 

 financial literacy resources
 

 computer science  resources
 



 professional development
 

 webinars
 

 tutorials
 




 customer support
 



 educator support programs 
 

 it admin support
 

 exams
 



 knowledge base
 

 contact us
 




 where to buy
 


site
us and canada
















trusted by teachers, loved by students
home of the most popular graphing calculator for over 30 years.





 

















ti calculators and resources are built with the classroom in mind — to challenge
and inspire students, not just get answers.

that’s why ti is the most recommended brand by math teachers and used
by millions of students each year.
















the calculators you want for exams

    ti graphing and scientific calculators are approved for use on most college
    entrance, high-stakes and
    state tests.
    








    a key to exam success is a calculator students know.
prepare for exam day






 












find the right calculator for you



      take a look at the comparison charts to see what’s approved for
      exams, course listings and key features.
    

find your calculator

















more learning, less distraction


      no internet. no social media. no distractions to take them away from
      what’s happening in the classroom.
      
      teachers worry less about cheating and focus more on student learning with
      ti graphing calculators.
    






 











new hues for you
the coolest calculators in the coolest colors.
find your color








 

















did you know?


            we have online and computer versions of our most popular calculators.
        















tons of teacher resources

  we have hundreds of premade math activities to drop in everyday lesson plans
  for busy teachers.
  

explore math lessons »



































                        not a math teacher? choose your subject.







stem and coding






science






computer science

 













one calculator for math, science and more

    a one-time investment in a ti graphing calculator provides a smart,
    cross-curricular solution that follows students from middle grades and high
    school to college.
  









    are you a school or district leader? contact your local 
    ti representative to discuss the best solutions to meet your unique needs.
    find my rep






 







                        professional development for teachers by teachers
                    


  enhance teaching practices and gain valuable skills using ti technology.


explore learning opportunities »














what teachers are saying









@math_in_action
math curriculum specialist from california





“i love that [the ti-84 plus ce] provides opportunities for students to feel excited about math, do ‘math’ and actually feel as if math means something in the real-world.”











@gisellearissa

high school teacher from nova scotia





“i’ve been using a ti-84 for over 12 years! it’s one of my life comforts at this point, no other calculator will do! i love showing student statistics on them! the sorting lists and making histograms are always hits!!”











@msrlovesmath

math teacher from virginia





“i love how easy it is to use a ti and how easy it is to do regression (especially compared to the one my state uses for state testing).”








what students are saying

see what teachers are saying





           



@yaymath.pics






fun graphs on the ti calculator was how i (tried to) impress girls when i was a hs freshman.












@queenkawaiicat






i was a valedictorian in high school, and now i am working towards my degree in mathmatics education! i love my ti-84!







           



@saori_not_sorrry






me and my ti against the exam!








 












bulletin board blog 










              simple and easy calculator tips for algebra 2 concepts
            

read more











              12 days of fun holiday math activities
            

read more











              7 important calculator functions algebra 1 students need 
            

read more











              the calculated collection: 7 activities for back to school 
            

read more










            
            top 6 calculator functions you need to know for ap® statistics
          

read more










            
            helpful ap® precalculus resources teachers will love
          

read more
















 







just the facts




 



#1 brand of graphing calculator recommended by teachers in the u.s.







 


25 million students  around the globe use a ti calculator.







 


ti graphing calculators are accepted on more  than 60 high-stakes  exams worldwide.











sat® and ap® are trademarks registered by the college board. act is a registered trademark of act, inc. ib is a registered trademark owned by the international baccalaureate organization. none are affiliated with, nor endorse, ti products. policies subject to change. visit www.collegeboard.org, www.act.org and www.ibo.org.
















products


ti-84 plus ce technology 

ti-nspire™ cx ii technology 

all products 

compare calculators 

where to buy 

ti connect™ ce software 





product support


update ti-84 plus ce technology 

update ti-nspire™ technology 

downloads 

guidebooks 

self-service knowledge base  

product tutorials 

getting started with ti technology 

which calculator is right for me? 













teacher resources


math 

science 

stem 

computer science 

financial literacy 

webinars 

educator support programs 

ib® diploma programme 

test prep 

calculus: ti in focus 





administrator resources


professional development 

student camps 

funding and research 

it admin support 

publisher connections 













lessons and activities


84 activity central 

math nspired 

science nspired 

ti codes 

building concepts 

families of functions 

stem projects 

girl scouts: coding badge 

search activities 





general information


about us 

bulletin board blog 

news center 

partners in student success 

recycle calculators 

environmental sustainability 

contact us 
















© copyright 1995-2025 texas instruments incorporated. all rights reserved.


trademarkssoftware data policyprivacy policycookie policyterms of useterms of sale & servicessupply chain transparency 



about usnews centercontact ti 

 facebook
 twitter
 instagram
 youtube
 pinterest
 bulletinboard
 











ti websites use cookies to optimize site functionality and improve your experience. to find out more or to change your preferences, see our cookie policy page. click agree and proceed to accept cookies and enter the site.


manage preferences
agree and proceed









control your cookie preferences
you can control your preferences for how we use cookies to collect and use information while you're on ti websites by adjusting the status of these categories.






category
description
allow


analytics and performance cookies
these cookies, including cookies from google analytics, allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors on ti sites and see how visitors navigate our sites. this helps us improve the way ti sites work (for example, by making it easier for you to find information on the site).






advertising and marketing cookies
these cookies enable interest-based advertising on ti sites and third-party websites using information you make available to us when you interact with our sites. interest-based ads are displayed to you based on cookies linked to your online activities, such as viewing products on our sites. we may also share this information with third parties for these purposes. these cookies help us tailor advertisements to better match your interests, manage the frequency with which you see an advertisement, and understand the effectiveness of our advertising.






functional cookies
these cookies help identify who you are and store your activity and account information in order to deliver enhanced functionality, including a more personalized and relevant experience on our sites.  if you do not allow these cookies, some or all site features and services may not function properly.


if you do not allow these cookies, some or all of the site features and services may not function properly.







social media cookies
these cookies allow identification of users and content connected to online social media, such as facebook, twitter and other social media platforms, and help ti improve its social media outreach.






strictly necessary
these cookies are necessary for the operation of ti sites or to fulfill your requests (for example, to track what items you have placed into your cart on the ti.com, to access secure areas of the ti site, or to manage your configured cookie preferences).
always on





accept all
save and close










close









