






home  - hotel solutions dmc







































 

































home
preferred vendors
our services
meet the team
why choose ireland
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












our services







how we workabout us

established in 2002, hotel solutions dmc is a second-generation family business, specialising in venue sourcing, conferences, incentives and events. we provide a creative and innovative approach to the management and delivery of your business events and travel on the island of ireland.
we are always focused on thorough attention to detail for every client, giving you confidence that whatever your needs, we will deliver them on time, to plan and to budget.
our partners

















affiliate groups







         note: carousel will only load on frontend.     





























































our servicesproviding solutions for your conferences incentives and events







event management
to organise an event you need lots of energy, enthusiasm and more importantly time. the time that most companies simply don’t have – so why not leave it to us. our event management service provides you with all the elements necessary to make your event a success.







destination management
hotel solutions dmc as one of ireland’s leading “destination management companies” we draw on our years of experience and our family run ethos to design and deliver truly unforgettable once in a lifetime irish experiences for your group, incentive and conference business on the island of ireland. 







audio visual / conference sets
av is a hugely important aspect to your meetings, conferences and events. hotel solutions can source quality audio visual technical production for your event in ireland and abroad. we pride ourselves on our established reputation for customer service and attention to detail.









venue sourcing
hotel solutions dmc offer a free venue sourcing service to our irish and international clients. partnered with thousands of hotels and venues worldwide our advanced knowledge and strong relationships within the hospitality industry ensure the best care and attention is given to each event.







bespoke leisure breaks/tours
hotel solutions dmc create bespoke leisure breaks and tours for our clients throughout ireland. our passionate, personable and knowledgeable team with their professional expertise can create itineraries for you for all lengths of stay, from a simple weekend getaway to a several day trip/tour of ireland.







meeting/conference production
hotel solutions dmc specialise in running everything from a small meeting up to a large scale conference. our team of experts have years of experience co-ordinating association, pharmaceutical, fmcg and union sector conferences throughout ireland.









virtual meetings and events
our virtual offerings provides an online solution for companies tohost global conferences, webinars, trade shows, product launchesor staff meetings from the comfort of their own home or office.













our videos





our videos



























testimonialswhat our clients say…







“i have no hesitation in recommending hotel solutions dmc to any prospective client.  their attention to detail and extensive knowledge of the hotel industry through ireland is hard to beat.   they excel in being proactive and once engaged by us we are fully confident that all aspects of our event will be looked after from start to finish, which in our line of business is crucial. we have worked with hotel solutions dmc for over 19 years and they have looked after our numerous international inbound and domestic events varying in size from 50 to 700 delegates. ”
jane kelly
a.menarini pharmaceuticals ireland ltd






“the forsa trade union since our inception and prior to that when we operated as three individual unions,  have used the services of hotel solutions dmc to venue source and manage our rooming lists as well as all transport requirements and liaising with suppliers on our behalf. their professional approach and attention to detail have simplified the aspects of our conferences  which allows our staff to focus directly on meeting agendas and through their efficiency they have provided us with a thoroughly cost beneficial service. our past conferences have welcomed up to 700 delegates and hotel solutions dmc managed this large number seamlessly, allocating sectors to certain hotels, compiling rooming lists and looking after all our attendees individual requirements. their onsite event management service is invaluable to us, they look after registrations, ensure room set up is correct and are always on hand for any of our conference needs.  on behalf of the forsa trade union i would wholeheartedly recommend the services offered by hotel solutions dmc to any  potential client for the provision of any of the requirements in running and organising a truly successful conference.”
matt staunton
deputy general secretary, forsa trade union
















why choose ireland?there are many reasons to visit ireland, but in essence it is the unique combination of the people, environment and proximity that naturally lend to the delivery of world-class experiences and events.

read more







preferred vendors





allathlonecarlowcorkdonegaldublingalwaykildarekilkennykillarneylimerickmeathmidlandsmonaghannorth westothersouth eastsouth westvenue

 


 

the armada hotelsouth west 



 

galway bay hotelgalway 



 

druids glen hotel & golf resortsouth east 



 

ferrycarrig hotelsouth east 



 

killarney convention centrekillarney 



 

hillgrove hotel, leisure & spa, monaghanmonaghan 



 

fairways hotel, dundalknorth west 



 

tullamore court hotelmidlands 



 

the tower hotel & leisure centresouth east 



 

the savoy hotel limericklimerick 



 

the george hotellimerick 



 

talbot hotel stillorgandublin 



 

athlone springs hotelathlone 



 

radisson blu hotel, athloneathlone 



 

hodson bay hotelathlone 



 

sheraton athlone hotelathlone 



 

mount wolseley hotelcarlow 



 

radisson blu hotel, corkcork 



 

the charleville park hotel & leisure clubcork 



 

the imperial hotelcork 



 

radisson blu hotel, letterkennydonegal, north west 



 

the college green hoteldublin 



 

portmarnock hotel & golf linksdublin 



 

guiness storehousedublin, venue 



 

radisson blu royal hotel, dublindublin 



 

the marker hoteldublin 



 

citynorth hotel & conference hoteldublin, meath 



 

royal marine hoteldublin 



 

the lough rea hotel & spagalway 



 

the galmont hotel & spa galwaygalway 



 

the k clubkildare 



 

killashee hotelkildare 



 

kilkenny river court hotelkilkenny 



 

hotel kilkennykilkenny 



 

lyrath estate hotelkilkenny 



 

newpark hotelkilkenny 



 

the kilkenny ormondekilkenny 



 

the gleneagle hotelkillarney 



 

the brehon hotelkillarney 



 

radisson blu hotel & spa, limericklimerick 



 

castleroy hotel parklimerick 



 

limerick strand hotellimerick 



 

absolute hotel, limericklimerick 



 

dunboyne castlemeath 



 

midlands park hotel & conference centremidlands 



 

the killeshin hotel & leisure clubmidlands 



 

radisson blu hotel & spa, sligonorth west 



 

dalata hotel group plcother 



 

old ground hotelother 



 

seafield hotel & spa hotel resortsouth east 



 

the park hotel, dungarvansouth east 



view all







social media & blogkeep in touch with us on social mediafor live updates and blog posts





followfollowfollowfollowfollow








observations of a reluctant business events professional









events, a view from the clouds

by stuart thornton | september 2, 2019 | uncategorized | 0 comments “events, the view from the clouds” as i... 
read more 











virtual tour
virtual walkthrough of our new offices





 












hotel solutions dmc







ireland address
unit b10,baldonnell business park,baldonnell,dublin 22,d22 np97



us address
anchor collection,24338 el toro road, ste e-603,laguna woods,ca 92637,usa



legal information
privacy policysustainability policy

contact us











designed by econcept web solutions



 



































