



jewish jobs and career opportunities at jewish community centers | jcc works


































applicant log-in | employer log-in
jcc works




home

search for a job

job resource center

post a job

faqs

contact us
 


















make more than money.make a difference.
search and apply for positions at over 200 jewish community centers and camps in north america.

 - or - 



find a career at a jcc
enter keyword(s):




recent job postings


head of israel education
jcc of stamford (stamford, ct)  -  
                    read more
posted 3 day(s) ago

chief programming officer
i.j. & jeanne wagner jewish community center (salt lake city, ut)  -  
                    read more
posted 5 day(s) ago

israeli programs manager 
jewish silicon valley / addison-penzak jcc (los gatos, ca)  -  
                    read more
posted 5 day(s) ago

receptionist
jcc of binghamton, ny (vestal, ny)  -  
                    read more
posted 6 day(s) ago

driver-site assistant
surprise lake camp (cold spring, ny)  -  
                    read more
posted 6 day(s) ago


see more....


why work at a jcc? watch this video for answers. 



when you work at a jcc you're a part of a professional family and a community. from top-quality nursery schools to state-of-the-art fitness centers, from innovative theaters and art galleries to supervised senior adult daycare, jccs do it all. you can teach kids to play basketball or organize a ceramics class for retirees. you can supervise a teen swim meet or plan a carnival for handicapped children. you can run a computer class or design a torah-study program. whether your college degree is in recreation, jewish communal service, sports management, non-profit management, or a variety of other fields, the 350 jccs, ym-ywhas and camps in north america need your skills

jewish community centers are multi-service community agencies that provide a wide array of programs, courses, and activities for people of all ages. in addition to stimulating and rewarding work, you'll enjoy a friendly family-like atmosphere that values your mental and physical well-being. jcc employees can use the on-site fitness facilities and take part in all of the programs available. competitive salaries and generous holiday, vacation, and healthcare plans underscore your importance to the jcc. in a recent survey of jcc employee satisfaction, more than 90 percent of professionals reported enjoying their jobs!




job resource center


these articles will be helpful to you in your job search.
no 'x' in thankstips for interviewing at a jcccheck your online imagechanging careers or industriesresume lengthsalary questionphone interviewshandle weakness questiontell me about yourself2nd interviews & 1st interviewstelling your structured storiesimmediately after the interviewafter the job offersalary question fearsditching the objectiveinterview mistakesage discrimination and how to overcome ityou're not ready to interview


view more




copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved jcc association
return to top of page





