








































welcome to hagley museum & library





















skip to main content








donate
faq
contact



twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr





search form

search 





 











today's hours: museum open 10:00 - 4:00 | library by appointment only 










plan your visitcalendar
hours & tickets
what to see
exclusive experiences
group tours
school field trips
museum store

researchsearch collections
services
events
center
funding
oral history
news & programs
hagley heritage curators
digital exhibits
collections policy

support hagleymembership
volunteer
donate
corporate partners
giving opportunities

about uswhat is hagley
publications
rentals
staff
employment















 







home

home page event highlights







home page event highlights
 




 nation of inventorscelebrate the american spirit of ingenuity!   

 kid inventors' weekendignite your kids' creativity and curiosity at kid inventors' weekend!  

 hagley's 5k along the brandywinejoin us for the seventh annual hagley 5k/1k run/walk along the brandywine river!  















hagley happenings
upcoming events & programs
author talk: david suismanfebruary 27, 2025 | 7 p.m. | thursdaydavid suisman will speak about his his new book instrument of war: music and the making of america’s soldiers.
more info >>special toursmarch 3, 2025 | mondayenjoy an in-depth, ninety-minute special guided tour on select monday mornings.
more info >>science saturday - space rocks!march 8, 2025 | 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. | saturdaycelebrate international women's day by learning about some of the few women who have traveled to space and their contributions to science!
more info >>science saturday - grow with the flowmarch 22, 2025 | 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. | saturdayin collaboration with longwood gardens’ community read, learn about unique ways you can turn one plant into many.
more info >>cannon firingsmarch 30, 2025 | 1, 2 & 3 p.m. | sundayhave a blast during your visit to hagley with cannon firings!
more info >>school's off - day camp at hagleymarch 31, 2025 | 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. | mondayparents, are you working when your child has a day off of school?
more info >>science saturday – gone with the windapril 12, 2025 | 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. | saturdayhow do we generate power from wind? build and test your own wind turbine to find out!
more info >>hagley’s 5k along the brandywineapril 26, 2025 | registration 7:30 - race 8:30 a.m. | saturdayjoin us for our annual run/walk to benefit hagley’s field trip program. 
more info >>science saturday - coding unpluggedapril 26, 2025 | 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. | saturdaylearn the coded language of computers and make a bracelet using binary code! 
more info >>author talk: lisa jacobsonmay 8, 2025 | 7 p.m. | thursdaylisa jacobson will speak about her new book, intoxicating pleasures: the reinvention of wine, beer, and whiskey after prohibition.
more info >> 



author talk: david suisman7 p.m. | thu feb 27, 2025special toursmon mar 3, 2025science saturday - space rocks!11 a.m. to 3 p.m. | sat mar 8, 2025science saturday - grow with the flow11 a.m. to 3 p.m. | sat mar 22, 2025cannon firings1, 2 & 3 p.m. | sun mar 30, 2025 



 

museum entrance - gps: 200 hagley creek road, wilmington, de 19807
library entrance - gps: 298 buck road, wilmington, de 19807
 






 plan your visit today!  

 events calendar  

 exclusive experiencestake your visit to hagley to the next level with an exclusive experience.  

 the hagley u.s. patent model collection  

 library, research & digital archive  

 weddings & rentals  

 hagley heritage curators  

 hagley's strategic planhagley’s board of trustees has recently approved a new strategic plan that takes hagley through 2026.  

 hagley from homeenjoy virtual tours, talks with the hagley historian, games, puzzles, and more from the comfort of home.  




 













today's hours: museum open 10:00 - 4:00 | library by appointment only 





hagley museum
200 hagley creek road
wilmington, de 19807
hagley library
298 buck road
wilmington, de 19807
mailing address
p. o. box 3630
​wilmington, de 19807-0630
contact
(302) 658-2400
askhagley@hagley.org
twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr

map








quick links

plan your visit
hours & admission
membership
employment
volunteer
donate
rental options
review us on tripadvisor
privacy





hagley museum and library seeks to inspire all people to be innovative in their own lives through investigation and exploration of our historical collections, original dupont powder yards, and online resources.
 registered 501(c)(3). ein: 51-0070531




 





















  
  





    you must have javascript enabled to use this form.  


hagley e-news

stay informed! sign up for our e-newsletter and receive info on upcoming events, exhibitions and special offers just for you!
email address *



first name 



last name 





 



plan your visitcalendarfeatured events
family programs
adult programs
special tours
science saturdays
member events
all events

hours & tickets
what to seeexhibitions and demonstrationsnation of inventors
e. i. du pont garden
powder yard
workers' hill community
crowninshield garden

map
weather

exclusive experiences
group toursfaq
ada accessibility

school field tripsstudent programs & tourshands-on history
stem-tation!

homeschool groups
preparing your students
faq
financial assistance
lessons & resources

museum store

researchsearch collectionscollections overviewcollection contributions
audiovisual collection
library conservation
manuscripts and archives collection
museum collection
museum collection
online journals
published collection
subscription databases
the best of cinecraft productions
subject guides


services
eventshistory hangoutsa crisis of identity: sectionalism & the u.s. navy officer corps, 1815-1861 with roger bailey
a good place to do business: the politics of downtown renewal since 1945
a medicated empire: the pharmaceutical industry & modern japan
agroecological farming: prehistories of agriculture’s digital turn
american advertising: researching capitalism from the inside out
american independent inventors in an era of corporate r&d
an artist in the archive: researching & sculpting nylon
an oral history of the rca studio ii console
analog superpowers: how twentieth-century technology theft built the national security state
back on track american railroad accidents and safety 1965-2015
back on track american railroad accidents and safety 1965-2015
be his guest: how conrad hilton made hotels better than homes
black powder, white lace: the dupont irish & cultural identity in 19th century america
born in the usa/made in the gdr: how western popular music shaped a communist record market
building brands: corporations and modern architecture
building an oral history of dupont’s textile fibers department
chemistry, capitalism, & the commodification of nitrogen
china's dream of a red railway: technicians & industrial power, 1945-1976
commercial attention: advertising, space, & new media in the u.s.
company unions & worker identity
detroit muscle: automobile manufacturing and the middle west
digital archaeology: rediscovering early video games with kevin bunch
ding dong! avon calling! the women and men of avon products incorporated
empire of steel: bethlehem in latin america
forging the global industrial network: international industrial conferences, 1957-1997
forms of persuasion: art and corporate image in the 1960s
franchise: the golden arches in black america
freedom to harm: private violence and the american state, 1860-1895
gendered capitalism: sewing machines and multinational business in spain and mexico, 1850–1940
health, safety, & risk communication at dupont in the twentieth century
holy holes: mining and religion in the americas
home & hell: sundown towns & the great migration in appalachia
how florida happened
illusions of progress: business, poverty, and liberalism in the american century
imagining the future of business, 1961-1996
industrial semiotic & visual complexes: a study of the united states visual culture from the 1880s to the 1950s
italian fashion since 1945: a cultural history
kerosene antimonopoly: standard oil & the people who hated it
labor, technology, & race in the early 19th century global textile industry
links in the chain: department stores in socialist yugoslavia, 1950s-1980s
making sense of the molly maguires
making youth safe for democracy:  education & american enterprise, 1916-1980
management as design: industrial designers and business culture
manufacturing self-determination: industry on native american reservations
nature’s brew: an environmental history of american brewing
negating visions: cultural memory and media negatives
new york city’s urban heat island, 1860-2020
new york city’s urban heat island, 1860-2020
oil palm: a global history
old brains: how corporate america measured aging
on ice:  america's nineteenth-century ice age and the making of modern life
open plan: a design history of the american office
organized baseball: reworking the transnational circuit, 1946-1965
patents over planning: industrial capital & postwar innovation policy with dan traficonte
philadelphia's pencoyd iron works: forging along the schuylkill river
pirates of the caribbean: us domestic satellites & media distribution in the americas in the 1980s
plastic capitalism: banks, credit cards, and the end of financial control
plasticizing china: a cultural history of everyday things, 1960-1990
power up: a social history of american electricity
protective practices: a history of the london rubber company and the condom business
queer career: sexuality and work in modern america
racial economies of early jazz
robbing peter to pay paul: power, profits, and productivity in modern america
ruman nation: an environmental history of american cattle with nicole welk-joerger
screentime: an interactive exhibition with deirdre evans-pritchard
securing the system: phone phreaks, computer hackers, and political order, 1963-2013
set the earth on fire: the 1902 anthracite coal strike
smoke ‘em if you got ‘em: american tobacco & broadcast media
sound and music in the du pont women's world: from french revolution to american civil war
survival is improvisational: casual labor in postwar america
synthetic fashion & the mad russian
tv town: new york city & broadcast media
tasteful design: peter schlumbohm & the chemex coffeemaker
tax the rich: teachers’ fight to fund public schools
techno redux: technology competition policy lessons from the u.s. vs ibm trial
technology & work
the bosses' union: how employers organized to fight labor before the new deal
the channel islands: borderlands migration in the atlantic world, 1763-1815
the council for a union free environment
the economics of the empire state building
the literary & ecological history of lake hopatcong
the literary & ecological history of lake hopatcong
the myth of the perfect pregnancy: a history of miscarriage in america
the nature of war:  an environmental history of industrialization in the united states during world war one
the northeast corridor: the trains, the people, the history, the region
the not so inexhaustible sea: fisheries science & management, 1863-present
the only way is up:  self-employment in britain, 1950-2000
the pennsylvania railroad volume 2: the age of limits 1917-1933
the rhetorical prehistory of the new deal
the shareholder value revolution
theater of innovation: live performance in the tech industry
time-bombing the future: plastics in & around us
tired!: industrial and workplace fatigue, 1900-1950
underwriters of the united states: how insurance shaped the american founding
unpeeling the orange empire: citrus & art in the archive
who can you trust?: brands, deception, & markets
willing communist collaborators?: dupont in china, 1946-1953
working relationships:  a labor-centric history of the u.s. public relations profession
working relationships:  a labor-centric history of the u.s. public relations profession
your friend the boss: corporate social responsibility at dupont, 1900-1940
yuppies: wall street & the remaking of new york
“keep within compass”: geographies of girlhood in the american south, 1783-1865
“people of some talent & so much virtue”: forgotten lives of du pont women

author talksauthor talk: albert churella
author talk: david alff
author talk: david suisman
author talk: eric s. hintz
author talk: jennifer black
author talk: jennifer kaufmann-buhler
author talk: katina manko, "ding dong! avon calling! the women and men of avon products, incorporated"
author talk: lisa jacobson
author talk: margaret mulrooney
author talk: rachel gross
author talk: rachel lance
author talk: roger biles and mark rose
author talk: susan murray
author talk: thomas zeller
author talk: wendy woloson

conferences2019 fall conference
2020 fall conference
2021 fall conference
2022 fall conference
2024 fall conference
2025 fall conference
avon: an international forum on its archive
past conferenceshidden capitalism: beyond, below, and outside the visible market


research seminarsresearch seminar che yuen
research seminar: adam rome
research seminar: ai hisano
research seminar: amanda marie martinez
research seminar: angus mcleod
research seminar: anna andrzejewski
research seminar: brent cebul
research seminar: christopher morris
research seminar: dylan gottlieb
research seminar: evan brown
research seminar: greg hargreaves
research seminar: hannah tucker
research seminar: isabelle held
research seminar: karen mahar
research seminar: kelly goodman
research seminar: maia silber
research seminar: moeko yamazaki
research seminar: naa oyo kwate
research seminar: philip scranton
research seminar: richard john
research seminar: salem elzway
research seminar: sam schirvar


centerhagley prize
book series
business history conference
african american film series

fundinglong termbrandywine dissertation fellowships
louis galambos national fellowship in business and politics
neh-hagley postdoctoral fellowship on business, culture, and society

short termexploratory research grants
henry belin du pont research grants

oral historyoral history project grant application

past grant recipients

oral history
news & programsresearch  news
scholars' projects
stories from the stacks
the hagley vault
sign up for the newsletter
adopt-a-book program
conserve-a-book program

hagley heritage curators
digital exhibits
collections policy

support hagleymembership
volunteervolunteer faq
volunteer opportunities

donate
corporate partners
giving opportunitieshagley annual fund
collection contributions
corporate partnerships
crowninshield garden restoration
memorial and commemorative donations
planned giving
scholarships
ways to give


about uswhat is hagleyorigins of our name

publications
rentalsfaq's
rental types
spaces and fees
weddings at hagleytestimonials
wedding planning information

rental contact form

staff
employment






visitor information:
english
简体中文
español
한국어
français
italiano
deutsch
日本語
עברית
русский



























