






wdev | waterbury, vt






































































homenewsweatherroger hill weather classroomschool closings
eventsantarctica
programsbirthdaysthe brady farkas showcontestseye on the world with john batchelorfor the birdsthe getaway with greg hookerin the gardenmusic to go to the dump byparty calendarprogram guidethe trading posttravels with charlievermont viewpointwdev 90th celebration
podcastsfcc info96.1 fm550 am
eeosportsboston red soxhigh school basketballmotor racing on wdevnorwich hockeyfootball
meet the teamadvertisingfcc compliancecontactavailable job openingswhere to listen

 




contact us



contact info

wdev phone: (802) 244-1777office: (802) 244-7321local studio: (802) 244-1777toll free studio: (877) 291-8255












antarctica



joseph woodin - vital signs
click here to learn more about joseph woodin - vital signs



former lg david zuckerman
vermont viewpoint



kenley squier obituary
click here to read kenley squier's obituary







listen in with the locals
tune in to our radio show and hear what's happening

looking for a new show to listen to on your way to work? trying to find a radio station with updates on all of the latest happenings in sports? in either case, wdev is the station to choose. our local radio station offers everything from music and weather to sports and local news. our am station has been on the air for 92 years, and our fm station has been on the air for 32 years. that means we've been a reliable source of news and entertainment for decades. put our waterbury, vt station on today to hear about everything that's happening in our beautiful state. live stream














find out what's happening in the sports world
from the red sox to high school basketball, we cover it all
 listen to the brady farkas show










tune in to a station you know you'll enjoy
our two stations have been on the air for a combined 124 years







see what we're running on our station

you'll be able to listen to a wide variety of programming on our local radio station. listen in to catch:sports updatescommunity updatesthe on-air trading post state newsweather updatesmusicyour ride to work will never be the same. check out our radio station for yourself today.


















 





	copyright © 2025 wdev, all rights reserved.
	waterbury, vt 05676  

                (802) 244-1777
            






 

 menu











 




homenewsweatherroger hill weather classroomschool closings
eventsantarctica
programsbirthdaysthe brady farkas showcontestseye on the world with john batchelorfor the birdsthe getaway with greg hookerin the gardenmusic to go to the dump byparty calendarprogram guidethe trading posttravels with charlievermont viewpointwdev 90th celebration
podcastsfcc info96.1 fm550 am
eeosportsboston red soxhigh school basketballmotor racing on wdevnorwich hockeyfootball
meet the teamadvertisingfcc compliancecontactavailable job openingswhere to listen

 












