

greer family genealogy-jenness-alderman-elson-cable-chapin











greer family genealogy








about me








greer family








genealogy websites




i started researching genealogy in the summer of 2000. i knew that once i started, it would become my obsession to find out every detail
about family members that i had never met and those that still grace life. it was not a date of birth or death, or a stone with their name
that i was looking for, (as i am sure most researchersdon't view it that way). it was about who they were, how they lived and who they
loved.

not only did i find that my family was very respected by their towns people throughout their lives, but their lives were blessed during
times that no one today could imagine living in. i did not know the power of their living until i read and heard their stories.  one story was
written in a letter to my 2nd great-grandfather william from his brother john in which he describes in detail the days before and the time
of his wife's passing.  the ache in his soul is evident in that letter and it is heart wrenching to read.

i found myself understanding how generations before me lived, loved and lost.  not all have grand stories, some have heart-wrenching
losses, but through all of their lives, they prospered. they never lost faith. they lived well and loved much.

my research has became a deep spiritual journey and gateway to those that have passed. without having been present in my life they have
made their mark on me and it will last throughout my lifetime. i can only keep their memory alive through their stories and their photos.

every life has a purpose. every breath is a gift we should cherish. every person has a story that should be shared. no matter if a pauper
or a president, in some way, our lives have meaning and should be remembered.




military veterans








cable family








mayflower descendants








greenlawn cemetary
sandyville, ohio








chapin family








magnolia, ohio history








pattinson family








french family








elson family








magnolia cemetery
magnolia, ohio








hadley family








wines family








the information contained in this site was gathered from shared and/or researched information, public records, family bibles, facts and
			stories carried down through family members. all photos are property of shana greer unless where noted that they have been used with
			permission and/or provided by others. sources have been noted and links provided. any of this information may contain inaccuracies and
			should not be used for publication. if you find errors in the information or broken links contained in this site and/or would like to share
			information with me, please email me. please request  permission to use any of the photos. thank you









jenness family








alderman family








paignton parish church
england









lindenwood cemetery
fort wayne, indiana





  





frank family








hillside cemetery
west farmington, ohio








best viewed with ie 1024x768








cleveland & pittsburgh division, 
pennsylvania railroad
magnolia, ohio









in memory of my father, david chapin greer







site search:
 
search tips sitemap 









family documents









a heart warming tribute!
			most poignant story about courage, faith and honor
			~ most especially ~ love for her daughter!
			by persis oberreither








halsey family








starkweather family








fothergill family








halsey house
			southhampton, new york








golden parsonage
			great gaddesden, hertfordshire








bradford family








hopkins family








family books









reverend david greer 
of ireland















search 132.3 million cemetery records at  by entering a surname and clicking search:






surname: 





















genealogy-name meanings










wiggins family








liljenquist family collection of civil 
war photographs








portraits of named civil 
war enlisted men








in memory of my mother, nancy french greer







