




apedf.org – african people's education & defense funds 










































































 








skip to content










homeabout usafrican independence workforce program (aiwp)projects & programsakwaaba hallcommercial kitchendonate

donors & funders
volunteercontact ustoggle website search














menu
close





home
about us
african independence workforce program (aiwp)
projects & programs
akwaaba hall
commercial kitchen
donate

donors & funders


volunteer
contact us
toggle website search




 





















 

 

 











welcome to apedf 











we are driven by african self-determination, a sense of pride and a vision for a prosperous future once again. 



support apedf’s newest projects the uhuru bakery & cafe, the african independence workforce program and the affordable housing program.  






donate















african people's education  & defense fund  











apedf... the baddest non-profit on the planet! 












 












projects & programs 
























 







							black power blueprint 						

							location  st. louis, mo						

							visit now						

















 







							one africa! one nation!  farmers market						

							location  st. louis, mo						

							visit now						

















 







							uhuru bakery & cafe  home of uhuru foods & pies						

uhuru bakery & cafe : 3719 w. florissant & 3723 goodfellow ave, st. louis, mo uhuru pies:  st. petersburg, fl						

							visit now						





















 







							black power 96.3 fm radio						

							 location st. petersburg, fl						

							visit now						

















 







							one africa! one nation! marketplace						

							 location  philadelphia, pa						

							visit now						

















 







							african independence workforce program 						

							our labor! our future!						

							visit now						





















 







							akwaaba halls						

							location  missouri  & florida						

							visit now						

















 







							black power vanguards basketball court 						

							locations  st. louis, mo						

							visit now						

















 







							black power square						

							 location  st. louis , mo						

							visit now						





















 







							uhuru wa kulea "freedom to nurture" women's health center						

							location  st. louis, mo						

							visit now						

















 







							community commercial kitchen						

							 location st. petersburg , fl.						

							visit now						

















 







							 community affordable housing program 						

							location  st. louis, mo						

							visit now						




















read the latest news about our projects 







 
news 












 
















 


		the uhuru movement told the truth and won!		






 


		city council of philadelphia passes resolution saluting uhuru furniture and the african people’s education and defense fund		






 


		the uhuru furniture store on channel 5 news		






 


		african doula  project students		






 


		mural overlooking the future black power blueprint community basketball court nears completion		




















community testimonials 






















						i am part of this community. i grew up in this community…everything that they [the african people’s education and defense fund] bring into this community beautifies this community and helps us in ways that the city refuses to do. 					





karenlocal business owner 






						i discovered the gary brooks community garden and black power blueprint through the ervin scholars program at washu. i love volunteering because i love to be surrounded by a community who loves helping and giving back to others. this organization makes me feel so welcome to be a part of something…. and gardening is so therapeutic to do. i love this! 					





olivia garden volunteer  






						my husband and i truly enjoy and appreciate the opportunities to financially contribute to the african people's defense fund and uhuru, because of their exceptional work to lift up the lives of so many neglected communities. their emphasis is on helping to bring black communities and individuals to the table of life, where they have been shut out by historic and current governmental and societal practices. this organization is phenomenally successful and their many projects are tangible, life changing structures in some of the most disenfranchised areas of the u.s. chuck and i cannot participate in person to help restore justice, hope and hands-on help to people, but we can give from our hearts as a form of reparations to the black community.  					





kristi & chuckdonors 






















volunteer 











 











thank you for making apedf the baddest non-profit on the planet! 















								name							




								email							




								phone							




								address							




								city							




								state							




								skills & interests 							
 


								i am interested in the following program							


 

black power blueprint projects
black power 96 radio
uhuru pies
uhuru market places
resource development and or grant writing
promotions and social media






volunteer


























								st. louis, mo							







							contact us						

















								st. petersburg, fl							







							contact us						

















								philadelphia, pa							







							contact us						
















 



get in touch 















national  headquarters  



									4101 w. florissant, st. louis, mo 63115								







contact  information  






 
(314) 380-8016




 
stlouis@apedf.org











follow  us 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 













other locations





















				copyright 2025 - apedf			





































