   american costumes las vegas costumes, halloween costumes las vegas, theme weddings      skip to content953 e sahara ave ste b-8 las vegas nevada 89104 call now: (702) 671-0116 



 953 e sahara ave ste b-8 las vegas nevada 89104 call now: (702) 671-0116 


american costumes of las vegas since 1978

(702) 671-0116


contact us
homeamerican costumeslas vegas costumesvintageaccessoriesjewelrylas vegas theme weddings953 e sahara ave ste b-8 las vegas nevada 89104call now: (702) 671-0116american costumeslas vegas costumestheme  weddingsamerican costumeslas vegas costumes, halloween costumes las vegas, theme weddings, halloween costumes, vintage clothing & theatrical suppliesspecializing in american costumes, las vegas costumes, themed weddings, showgirl, elvis, and halloween costume rentals and sales. open all-year-round!




















jazz up your event with the number 1 costume store in las vegas, nevada, american costumes. masquerade, halloween, theatrical. over 3000  las vegas costumes. american costumes is an all year las vegas costume shop with sales and rentals. we have tons of costume supplies and accessories, wigs, makeup, boas, feathers, hats, gloves, shoes.the greatest las vegas costume store specializing in elvis and showgirl.we will bring your event to the next level! also bringing to you costumes from all over the world. since 1978, american costumes has been the #1 las vegas store for showgirl, halloween, elvis, 70’s, 80’s, 20’s, renaissance, historical, sexy, vintage, theme, and wedding costumes for rent or sale.follow us on!best halloween costumes store in las vegas


halloween costumes for womenhalloween costumes for menhalloween costumes for kidspremium halloween costumes.popular costumes






videos


american costumes – select your themes ⬇15th cent 1400s costumes16th cent 1500s costumes17th cent 1600s costumes18th cent 1700s costumes1920s costumes & roaring 20s costumes1930s costumes1940s costumes1950s costumes1960s costumes1970s costumes1980s costumes19th cent 1800s costumesafrican & safari costumesangel & fairy costumesanimal & bird costumesarabic & middle eastern costumesbody costume parts costumesbritish & canadian costumescalypso & latin costumescartoon character costumescaveman & barbarian costumeschildren & baby costumescircus & clown costumescivil war costumescolonial costumesdevil & vampire costumesegyptian costumesfish and water costumesfood & drink costumesfun & unusual costumesgerman & bavarian costumeshalloween costumes hawaiian costumeshistorical celebrity costumesholiday costumesholland & scandinavian costumesinsect & bug costumesirish & scottish costumesitalian costumesmermaid & fantasy costumesmilitary costumesmovie characters costumesmuscle & fat suit costumesmythological costumesnative american costumesoccupational costumesoriental japanese costumespirate costumesplant & mineral costumesreligious costumesrenaissance costumesroman & greek costumesrussian & gypsy costumessexy & humorous costumesspace costumes & star warsspanish & mexican costumessports costumessteampunk costumesstorybook & nursery rhyme costumessuper hero costumesturn of the century costumestv character costumesviking costumeswestern costumeswitch & wizard costumeswizard of oz costumes las vegas costumes – select your themes ⬇bridal wear  costumescosplay costumes fans & collars  costumesfur coats  costumeshotel gaming  costumes elvis costumes & suitsmarilyn monroe  costumespimp & ho’  costumesrat pack  costumesshow capes  costumesshowgirl backpacks  costumesshowgirl bras  costumesshowgirl headdresses  costumesshowgirl  costumesstage celebrity  costumesstagewear  costumestuxedos  costumesglitzy costumes for successful special eventsthere is a costume store, american costumes in las vegas that changed the way event planners and customers shop for showgirl costumes, las vegas costumes and elvis costumes. as a las vegas business, american costumes has their fingers on the pulse of glitz and glamour only las vegas can produce.read morememorable events begin with themes and costumes. today's weddings and parties are not the same old, same old of yesteryear. these events are based on a finely tuned type of dramatic and theatrical staging to make them the most memorable. with american costumes, it's easy to bring the bright lights and excitement of las vegas to your next big event. the beauty of this is that shopping for the las vegas look is as simple as visiting https://americancostumes.com/ and enjoying a great opportunity to create your own las vegas drama for your next affair.halloween costumes las vegas for 2020 easy peasybest halloween costumes las vegas - for your halloween costume needs let american costumes make your experience “easy peasy.” the store is laid out in six long columns with all the halloween costumes ordered into themes and alphabetical. so if it’s snow white it’s in “major characters” and then alphabetical, under “s” ..we can take you right away to all the snow white costumes. in addition to that, we also list by timeline and major themes. you will be able to see and touch all the halloween costumes and as we have found out, every costume in our store can be a halloween costume. looking for halloween costumes in las vegas? - so many time people come in during the mad last minute rush of halloween and tell us they don’t know what they want. well we also have pictures of all the halloween costumes above or near the costumes themselves. each halloween costume has the size on it and our lovely staff will guide you into an effortless decision for that party or event that has to be just so!casino night at the clubevent planners for various organizations often scratch their heads wondering how to turn a blah casino night at their local civic club or organization into something truly sensational. why not make the next casino night a smash hit with las vegas costumes and a few showgirl costumes? then, for the highlight of the evening, set up an intermission program that includes an elvis impersonator in one of american costumes elvis costumes. charity organizations benefit most from las vegas costumes because a las vegas night charity benefit is bound to raise funds higher than average.weddings, anniversaries and birthdays with a las vegas themewedding planners strive to make wedding arrangements that the bride and groom will remember all their lives. costumes in the las vegas style are a perfect way to make a wedding reception into the wedding of the year. celebrating an anniversary with a big party is fun. to make it more exciting, plan a floor show with costumed showgirls dressed in sequins, satins and feather. it doesn't get much glitzier than this. unless, of course, the anniversary couple are part of the las vegas anniversary "show." choose a color scheme and then coordinate costume colors to set the scene. turn a rental room into a las vegas casino with just a few well chosen decorations and a short theatrical program.the "las vegas" birthday party of the yearchoose several costumes from american costumes special stage performer collection. create the "birthday party of the year" by including several stage performer costumes like cher, mae west, liberace, marilyn monroe, the beatles or prince. it is fairly simple to put together a stage performer program that will have birthday party guests believing they are really watching a las vegas show in vegas.corporate events go las vegascorporate events don't have to be all business. when the day's business programs and exhibits are done and all of the business cards have been exchanged, treat corporate guests and employees to las vegas style entertainment. book a large party room with capacity for the number of guests, employees and patrons attending the conference or business program. ask the party room manager to allow space for a floor show. some facilities also provide decorations and assist with incorporating the las vegas theme. some facilities also offer the elvis impersonators and showgirls in the cost of the rental. all that remains is for the corporate event planner to contact https://americancostumes.com/ for the specific number of costumes required for the entertainment for the evening.when in las vegas, visit american costumes for the next trip to las vegas, make a point of visiting american costumes, the top source for las vegas style costumes. check out the complete line of showgirl costumes and elvis costumes. american costumes is conveniently located in the heart of las vegas. call ahead at (702) 671-0116. make your visit to american costumes part of your las vegas itinerary. most las vegas tourists make a point of stopping in at the american costumes store to spend a fun day looking at the huge collections of costumes that are available. there are men's and women's costumes like vintage, western, early american, movie characters and even mythological styles. there are plenty of accessories and props available to complete a costume ensemble.a successful holiday party with american costumes plan a successful holiday party with a las vegas costume theme or one of the many holiday costumes in the american costumes collection. for a little las vegas glitz, choose patriotic costumes for your showgirls for your next fourth of july holiday party. all costumes are durable and of the highest quality. for the next mardi gras party, visit https://americancostumes.com/ and order several of the costumes in traditional mardi gras colors. no matter which holiday you plan parties for, there's an american costume to fit the occasion. visit https://americancostumes.com/ today for costume shopping fun.read less we have everything from packaged sale costumes to movie quality rentals and sales. we are primarily an upgraded costume store but we do cater to halloween, and the many people that would like a cheap halloween costume just for that one hour halloween party that they have to attend. this year we have many halloween specials. our halloween packaged costumes are taken out of the package and steamed so that you get an unwrinkled costume that is easy to try on and rush over to your party with.lasvegascostumes@cox.net 953 east sahara suite b-8 las vegas nevada  89104 | call: (702) 671-0116other services





start your own



our location


contact us!

contact us

(702) 671-0116

halloween costumes las vegas
  
taking the poodle skirt back on your next 50’s party

what to wear at electric daisy carnival (edc) las vegas 2015

perfecting the vintage look

copyright 2025 © american costumes las vegas  | powered by marketing local seohomeamerican costumeslas vegas costumesvintageaccessoriesjewelrylas vegas theme weddings

(702) 671-0116


contact us
     
skip to content

open toolbar
accessibility tools
 
accessibility tools

increase textincrease text 

decrease textdecrease text 

grayscalegrayscale 

high contrasthigh contrast 
negative contrastnegative contrast 

light backgroundlight background 

links underlinelinks underline 

readable fontreadable font 

reset
reset






