


plano model products home page


 














plano model products menu


+ n scale trains




detailing specifications
autorack panels
boxcar walkways
covered hopper walkways
e&f intake grills
			------------------------

+ ho scale trains




 autorack panels - on sale
boxcars/reefers details
brake/coupler platforms
caboose details
covered hoppers details
coupler cut bars
diesel details
intermodal details
passenger car details
scratch builder materials
steel coil car walkways
tank cars details------------------------


ho vehicle details
 
ordering information
 our complete price list

customer photos

some known dealers
 
 yard sale




















welcometoplano model products!

we have specialized in producing photo etched details for
the railroad modeler in the model train industry since 1989.


this web site is always in update mode!(sometimes it just takes a while....)










 may 3rd 2024 - web shopping cart is currently not working due to a web host migration issue. hope to get
it fixed soon.  your patience is appreciated!

may 29th - update. yes, the web site shopping cart is still broke. at this time there has not been any decision on how or
what will be done to resolve this.  in the mean time we are suggesting using the following method to place an order.

email your order desires to us orders@planomodelproducts.com 
include your shipping address for accurate shipping costs 
we will send you a confirmation receipt for you to review and verify we have it all correct. 
then we will send a paypal invoice allowing you to pay with option of your choice 


yes it is a few extra steps and we are not really happy about it either.  but for now it will have to due as we know
there are faithful modelers out there looking for some of our products - that we would like to sell as well!

thank you again for patience and understanding, it is appreciated!

keith

please note, we are unable to do any custom and/or specialty work!









email



www.planomodelproducts.com















we went online:


july 1st 1999










