






montana disability and health program – mtdh blog



































rtc:rural rural institute university of montana




about
partnerships
national partners
resources
disability & health data






mtdh program areas
accessibility

accessibility
ambassadors
accessible healthcare
visitability
making materials
accessible

health & wellness


disability and health updates
emergency
preparedness
public health competencies for inclusion
health & intellectual and developmental disabilities
living well & working
well with a disability
women’s health
health insurance
healthy communities

other

publications





the montana disability and health program is organized to respond to the health priorities of montanans with disabilities across the life course. disability has been defined by the 2005 surgeon general’s call to action as “a feature of the body, mind or senses that can affect a person’s daily life.”
news
inclusive health traininginclusive health training flyer (pdf)
special olympics montana and the montana disability and health program are hosting a virtual inclusive health training. attend two 1-hour sessions to help your organization advance health equity through the inclusion of people with intellectual disabilities.
register by april 14, 2023: https://mdphhs.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/sv_b3mgrdtic1aafni
contact mkelly@somt.org with questions.
march is disability awareness month!march is disability awareness month! disability and health is the prevention of disease and the promotion of health among people with disabilities. we all must strive for accessible and inclusive design to support equal health opportunities. read this poster to learn how you can take 3 steps toward accessible and inclusive design (pdf).
diabetes management for self- advocatesthis video project is a collaboration of 10 state disability and health programs: arkansas, iowa, kansas, massachusetts, michigan, montana, new hampshire, new york, oregon, and south carolina.

it’s your diabetes, but you are not alone.

34 million adults in the u.s are living with diabetes.
get a checkup every 3 months, or as often as your doctor tells …
view all news stories
events
inclusive fitness trainingplease join us for one or both days of our inclusion trainings at the university of montana. day one will focus on inclusion in all types of fitness spaces while day two will help identify ways you can make your chronic disease prevention programs more inclusive.
note:  this training is for fitness, health promotion and public …inclusive fitness training workshop in missoula
may 15-16, 2019
the montana disability and health program (mtdh) in partnership with the rural institute on inclusive communities and the national center on health, physical activity and disability will be holding an inclusive fitness training workshop in missoula on may 15-16, 2019. this workshop is a great opportunity to learn about inclusivity, exercise recommendations, adaptations, …enduring webinar event: reaching people with disabilities through patient navigation: supportive access to healthcare coverageplease join us for this 1.5 hour webinar from the national disability navigator resource collaborative (ndnrc) at the american association on health disability.
disclosure information –
this continuing nursing education activity was approved by the montana nurses association, an accredited approver by the american nurses credentialing center’s commission on accreditation.
criteria for successful completion: completion of posttest with …
view all events
success story spotlight
promoting inclusive community health initiativesabout one out of five people in the united states lives with some type of disability, including physical, vision, mental health, cognitive, intellectual and developmental disabilities, and other health conditions that cause limitations in one or more major life activities. in 2014, montanans with disabilities self-rated their overall health as fair/poor (41%), indicating a substantially …
view all success stories

  
 
 
 

 






accessibility
site map
contact us

© copyrighted by the montana disability and health program







