




thefeelgoodplace.com – working with you to accomplish goals. strengthen psychic ability




































thefeelgoodplace.com
working with you to accomplish goals. strengthen psychic ability







52 weeks
52 weeks – week 1
52 weeks – week 2
8 minute hypnosis
blog
daze’ says: goals

looking forward or changing your direction?


daze’s books
do you have the right kind of attitude to accomplish your goals, or does your attitude stink?
home
moon void of course
psychic development with hypnosis
self-hypnosis & temporal tapping
testimonials – daze’
thanks for ordering
words for the day
thank you
spiritual audios

cleansing your aura

cleansing your electro magnetic field


communicating with your invisible helpers
connecting to your higher power
removing negative blocks


services

psychic development with hypnosis
psychic reading with daze’ – personal
energy balancing and healing  with vladimir
soul spiriual revitalization
clairvoyant business consultation


mercury retrograde. how it works & dates
products

“the secret”
8 minute hypnosis
candle burning for success made easy.
eft  – emotional freedom tapping
radionics orgone energy wand


faq
the power of one

#1014 (no title)
how to make a treasure map
don’t be afraid of your psychic abilities
enjoy your accomplishment.
how to overcome negative thinking
shooting fish in a barrel
soul mate
the box
the power of one
the will to live
you need to begin to live guilt free.








home





 daze’ lisenkoff ph.d.,c.ht.,certified sleep specialist
“the clairvoyant doctor”
life coach, hypnotherapist, eft master and intuitive
transform your life now with hypnosis
stop smoking in 3 sessions
$99 per session / $291

   


weight loss in 4 sessions
$99 per session / $388

   

 call 702-982-1779
have a question about your future?
send me your handprint.
place your palms on a copy machine. identify your right hand and left hand. email your handprint to me at daze@thefeelgoodplace.com along with one question you would like answered.
i will respond asap.
 
—————————————————————————-
testimonials
with daze’s loving guidance, i am living the life i was chosen to live. it has not always been easy, but she has been my voice of reason and given me her unwavering support. sometimes, actually most times, daze’ knows me better than i know myself. i frequently thank the universe for giving me the honor and privilege to know daze’ and look forward to achieving my life’s goals with speed, ease, comfort, and joy. 
love ya, michele
_________________________
dr. daze is an astoundingly accurate intuitive coach and healer! in my first conversation with her, she advised me that a current client was not being honest with me and hit the nail on the head and verified for me that i needed to get rid of this client who was never going to pay me the money that she owed me. i was so impressed that i asked daze to tell continue the process with me and she began to coach me on how to build a new company that i had recently launched. she said that i would get the current prospective client if i gave it some time, and that my was company would prosper and that i needed to focus on getting two new clients and write a business plan as well to create my vision. within weeks that client came through as she said and i got another one who is of celebrity status a few weeks later!

daze’ was right on the money and i asked her to do any other healing work with me that she suggested.
the story continues as she did an amazing hypnotherapy session with me that was different from any other kind of hypnotherapy i have had in the past.
she was able to identify deep childhood issues immediately, and heal them right in the session on a sub-conscious level. the next day i felt like i had released issues that i have struggled with for years and felt empowered with a new sense of confidence.
daze’ can pinpoint your life issues and zoom in with an action
plan for success. she is number one in my book!
linda bloom, m.a.
psychotherapist
 
mission statement
the feel good place was started to help people develop their psychic abilities, and accomplish their goals with speed, ease, comfort and joy. 
 
  email – daze@thefeelgoodplace.com

copyright (c) 2020 the feel good motivational place, inc.   terms of use  privacy statement

call
send sms
add to skype
you’ll need skype creditfree via skype









current articles


enjoying your accomplishments.


free – what’s your number?


creating personal luck


memo from god


reading auras is easy.


stopping mind chatter with controlled attention.


question to my  guardian angels


how to use your sleep to accomplish your goals.


when things go bump in the night!


change your life affirmations


what’s in your future!


how to make a treasure map


dealing with anger


finding your mental age.


why you should stop the drama in your life


self motivating yourself


why and how to dress a candle


good luck symbol to cut out


what do the  lines in your hand say?






 © 2020
frontier theme





