










	business oregon : welcome page : oregon arts commission : state of oregon













































































































skip to main content









an official website of the state of oregon
                         learn
how you know »
(how to identify a oregon.gov website)

an official website of the state of oregon »
                    







translate this site into other languages

















toggle main menu







		main navigation
	
grants arrow_drop_down
grants overviewgrants for organizationsgrants for individual artists
special projects arrow_drop_down
art in the governor's officegovernor's arts awardspoetry out loudoregon visual arts ecology project
art in public places arrow_drop_down
art in public places homeexplore the oregon collection
impact arrow_drop_down
why the arts matterspotlight storieseconomic impactcref awards
resources arrow_drop_down
accessibilityadvocacycommission logoscommission meetingscommunity developmentgrantsindividual artistslocal arts agencies in oregon
about arrow_drop_down
who we arestrategic plandiversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility plan (opens in new window)
contact usnews
















search this site



submit



close












back to home






                                        oregon arts commission
                                    

                                        business oregon
                                    




you are here:

business oregonabout usoregon arts commission


















                                
	

                                welcome page
                            

 site navigation








 

changui majadero celebrates the last set of the 2021 sisters folk festival at the village green stage on oct. 3, 2021. photo by rob kerrour mission: to enhance the quality of life for all oregonians through the arts by stimulating creativity, leadership and economic vitality.explore our 2023-2027 strategic plan

















artists: please join the oregon artist registry!to ensure artists’ access to funding opportunities and build a case for more artist resources, the oregon arts commission partnered with the ford family foundation to create an oregon artist registry.
note: if you have an opportunity or resource you'd like us to share with our artist network, please send it to 
      sarah baylinson.
arts and culture contribute 
$829 million to oregon economy oregon's arts and culture sector contributed $829 million to oregon's economy in fiscal year 2022, according to the latest arts & economic prosperity study from americans for the arts. released oct. 12, the findings of arts & economic prosperity 6 (aep6) include data from 19 oregon regions and communities. oregon's study was supported in part by travel oregon.




imagine a world without the artsno singing, no dancing, no paintings, crafts, folk art, music or theater. it's unthinkable.

how the arts enable creative expression, for people of all ages, and a collective sharing of beauty is undeniable. but the value of the arts is much more than aesthetic, it is enriching to us all. and the arts not only build communities, they inspire community vitality. 


upcoming grant deadlines
career opportunity deadline february 12, 2025
sustaining arts program (formerly operating support and small operating support) deadline march 27, 2025arts ada accessibility reimbursement ongoing


















grant opportunitiesarts ada accessibility reimbursementarts build communitiesarts learningcareer opportunity
individual artist fellowshipmedia arts fellowshipsustaining arts (formerly operating support and small operating support)spotlight stories
restorative noise: crystal cortez's philosophy of sounddrama therapist engages students at enlightened theatricsbeth'ann gibson preserves ancient art of basket weavingstudents discover arts careers at josephy center campmural connects community in springfieldjeff gieger’s dream comes truegrant keeps musicians traveling woodburn students tackle sexual health in milagro workshopshillsboro troupe brings technology to the theatermuseum’s art programs transform lives
recent newsashland-based author awarded oregon arts commission grant for novel "honey"new ceramics teaching studio, slipstream clay studio, opens in corvallislocal organizations receive funding to tackle community issuesnancy floyd of bend among 24 oregon artists to receive career opportunity program grant awardslisa little's 'rhizomatic lilac fizz' installed at oregon manufacturing innovation center24 oregon artists receive career opportunity program awards119 arts organizations to receive fy2024 small operating grantsstudy shows oregon's arts and culture industry generated $829 million in economic impact in fy2022









































	    footer
	


related organizations

 business oregon
 oregon cultural trust
 national endowment for the arts




	            arts commission links
	        


directions and parking

accessibility

privacy policy

terms of use




	            about business oregon
	        

commission
career opportunities
contracting opportunities
public records requests
media requests




	            about oregon
	        





 back to top





		775 summer street ne, ste 200, salem, or 97301-1280
		(503) 986-0082 (phone)
		(503) 581-5115 (fax)
oregon.artscomm@oregon.gov


















×

how to recognize an official oregon website




.gov

official websites use .gov
a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.





secure .gov websites use https
a lock icon ( ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website.



only share sensitive information on official, secure websites.
close







hidden submit



















your browser is out-of-date! it has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites. learn how
×








