

guru maharaj ji (official site of guru maharaj ji . com)                                      





guru maharaj ji   .com








face the light that is nourishing and pleasing,
that light, that nourishment, that pleasing experience,
this decision is your call, your will, your life
your reality, your consciousness.
 and your, consciousness, is your, consciousness!





   cult = > hmmm, what was that rule/agya, again?     

                                       
 altered states of consciousness
                                       








to be discussed perhaps at a later time, mahatma, initiator, instructor, maharaji
lila, arti, baragon, agya, ashram, aspirant, propagation,
knowledge, darshan, satsang, service, meditation ....
                                    



premie
a practitioner, of what guru maharaj ji may reveal or assist
to a person that quests it, sometimes referred to as, knowledge.
from hindi word meaning, love, can be loosely translated as lover.










satguru,
also known as, perfect master.
(the word sat loosely translated means perfect.)









guru is one who
			 brings us away from darkness into light,
			light of consciousness.






in the above example the word,  consciousness, is some times
replaced by the word, truth, it should not be, as the word truth
is some times ambiguous in its meaning, and would be in this context.

















and, when the steam which overflowed the soul had passed away,
a consciousness remained that it had left. . . . images and precious
thoughts, that shall not die, and can not be destroyed.   --- wordsworth
                    



letter to
 for story purposes







to:
       @god.
			-------------------

>>>>>  <<<<<
email:   gurumaharajji@gurumaharajji.com
			 
















jai sat chit  anand
jai sat chit anand, loosely translated means,
we are one with all. this is what the indian ascetics term `jai sat
chit anand' - truth consciousness, bliss - i see myself in you.








there are many guru's, but only one life force
that is always with you, and that is, you.
trust no one, not even your self, but do trust the reality of prospering
 and being nourished, being happy, being a consciousness that is becoming
more conscious, and better and better, for your self, for all!

even in dying, the body taking its last breath, we hopefully strive for the best.





 happiness 



in love and wonder

















who is
satguru ?
			--------------------------------------------------------
who is satguru?
sat means perfect
gu means darkness and ru means light. one who
			brings us away from darkness into light is called guru.
-------------------------------------------------------
               
altered states of consciousness
               
------------------------------
loading the language: conventional words and phrases
are given special, in-group meanings.
the use of mind control methods on the membership.
milieu control: control of the group environment and  communication
			------------------------------
               
altered states of consciousness
               
then the, "so called", satguru says,
			---------------
the thing is: how much love you have for the satguru.
satguru,   also known as, perfect master
satguru is one who brings us away from darkness into
			light, light of truth.














what in india is called a pranam, is the gesture of bowing
or conveying the same through word or action.
literally, "pranam", means to offer up all of one's parts.
for thousands of years, yoga students have knelt before
their guru or teacher, humbly bowed their heads, and touched
their guru’s feet. this practice is foreign to us in the west, where
such bowing or pranaming is thought of as demeaning. but in the original
context of yoga, a pranam is an act of dignity and honor, expressing a recognition
of the divinity that is present in the human heart. it is to that divinity that we bow.
in a pranam, the head is lowered below the level of the heart; this gesture
indicates that the ego and mind are descending into and dissolving in the light
of the inner self. the mind, which revels in duality by endlessly differentiating and
classifying all that it experiences, finally melts into the unity-consciousness of the heart.



pranam

guru maharaj ji . com






















email:   gurumaharajji@gurumaharajji.com



in love and wonder

email:   gurumaharajji@gurumaharajji.com



infusion of your gifts will be appreciated.
















in the beginning was the word,
and the word was with god,
and the word was god.



                                       
 altered states of consciousness
                                       

it is not said how many of the 5 must be present in order for a faith group to be called a cult:

an authoritarian power structure, with authority concentrated at the top.  
charismatic or messianic leader(s) (they define messianic as meaning that the leaders identify themselves as god or state that they are the only persons capable of interpreting properly, and or the one and only true authority.  
the use of deceitful methods in recruitment of new members and/or raising of money.  
isolation from society; filtering of information.  
the use of mind control methods on the membership.

 
mind control can involve many techniques.

milieu control: control of the group environment and communication
manipulation: leaders are perceived as being chosen by god, history or some supernatural force. salvation can only be attained through the cult
purity demands:  an us vs. them mentality is developed, in which cult members are the only pure and or good.
confession: group confession and self-criticism is used in order to produce personal change
sacred science: the cult's doctrines and ideology are considered sacred and must not be doubted or questioned.
loading the language: conventional words and phrases are given special, in-group meanings.
doctrine over person: members are conditioned to feel guilt if they ever question group doctrine. one must subject one's experience to the "truth," as taught by the group.
dispensing of existence:   the group contains the elite; outsiders are evil, [or not so { with-it }], unsaved, and may not even have the right to exist. leaving the group will have devastating consequences.


                                       
 altered states of consciousness
                                       







cyberspace






believe


believe equals -        "(1) to accept as true or real, do you believe the news stories?
believe equals -       (2) credit with veracity, i believe you.
believe equals -       (3) expect or suppose; think, i believe they will arrive shortly."
should one,  believe??? no, not without trying to keep
an open, reasoning skepticism of that so called belief, but
with that effort, that sincere constant effort, to having that
openness, that reasoning, that skepticism, then .............  sure,
as long as it serves you most truly the best.
   carefulness, thoughtful attention, may be prudent.  

© 2018 gurumaharajji.com all rights reserved.
any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
copying and/or the re-production of this site, including the,
"look and feel", is strictly prohibited without the written
permission from gurumaharajji.com

love
william


