






so what is a laser fishing rod anyway?
















 




















home | manufacturers | about  wylie rods | take a look ? | another look? | videos page | contact me! |  fishing links page | wylie's f.a.q.





so what is a laser fishing rod anyway?

















this is a laser fishing rod!


award-winning illuminated
                           fishing rods that indicate when a fish is taking the bait.


wylie rods is moving to a new web location and you are welcome to take a look at the new website that is being constructed
                              in efforts to make your visit more time effective and less troublesome. 



contact information














modified kencor fishing rods!


i am happy to let you know i am now modifing manufactured rods for about half of what it costs when i build your custom laser
                                       fishing rods for you. at this time i am featuring kencor sports inc. rods. one of the best manufacturers out there. this
                                       text is a link to the manufacturers page and if you click on it your browser will open it for you.


if you would be interested in learning more about wylie rods this text is a link to my about wylie
                                       rods page.


to better understand the patented bite indication, i have
                                       included this link to the video page to
                                       show how the laser fishing rods bite indication works.











the best advertising is word of mouth, so below i have included some comments from my satisfied customers and owners of laser
                                    fishing rods. for example:        "i got a laser rod for christmas and i think wylie rods has got a winner!"
                                    clint broadus, independence, missouri        

 hey
                                    wylie! been meaning to write to you - i did indeed
                                    take my rod out for a bit of night fishing, and all i can say is wow! i caught 5 good channels in the 4-5 pound range and a 9 pound flathead. lots of fun and the bites were so obvious it wasn't even funny. i could see them
                                    even when i wasn't looking directly at the rod - just from peripheral vision. you have an amazing
                                    product there.                                                            michael bacon
                                    of wylie texas  


"i took my laser fishing rod to a pay lake and was fishing next to people
                                    using bells on thier rods and caught more fish." charles moore aka chip, winner of a laser fishing rod in the king of
                                    kats contest 2001.


"you have got a real piece of product."denny halgren, rock river professional guide service, dixon, illinois
















have you ever caught a sturgeon?


the laser fishing rods have won "best recreational product of 2001" in the hammacher schlemmer's search for invention 2001
                                                competition. 





i would like to offer my condolences to everyone affected by the
                                             unwarranted terrorism here in the united states. 



  to help with any questions you may have about the laser fishing rods my company or the
                                                development of, i have set up a frequently asked questions page for your convenience. my frequently asked questions page will
                                                also link you to my contact me page if you have not been able to find the answers you were looking for there so you can send
                                                me an email.














































manufacturers page

 fishing links page

about  wylie rods

take a look ?

another look?

videos page

contact me!

wylie's f.a.q.
























