







hotel cottages & camping | lopez island | san juan islands

















































        
          
            lopez farm cottages
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            offers
          

            cottages 
          

            wall tents
          

            camping
          

        gift certificates
      

            events
          

            faq 
          



        book your stay
      





































































homeofferscottages wall tentscampinggift certificateseventsfaq 





                
                  
                    lopez farm cottages
                  
                
              
farm style boutique hotel on lopez island with cottages and  campsites




book your stay









scroll
















 

cottages & campinglopez farm cottages is a farm style inn offering cottages and campsite accommodations on lopez island in the san juan islands of washington. a combination of scandinavian style cottages, furnished wall tents, drive up vehicle campsites, and traditional campsites, the hotel resides on 29 open pastoral acres with old growth forest, alder groves, and a small organic garden.  the hotel is designed with singles and couples in mind. for group reservations please inquire by phone or email. 

  

getting herecar/motorcycle - from anacortes ferry terminal to lopez island: anacortes is approximately 2 hrs from both vancouver bc and seattle.  bellingham is approximately1hr north of anacortes with a small and quaint international airport.  inter island ferries also make stops to lopez island. after disembarking the ferry on lopez, drive 2.2 miles straight ahead towards lopez village. continue along the big bend in the road at the intersection with center rd and again past the big bend and intersection at military road.  our entrance and sign are on the left side just past military road and across from the lopez island vineyard. bike - bicycles are guaranteed to load on ferries so it’s a great way to overcome ferry waits and anxieties. ride your own bicycle or book ahead with village cycles to have a bicycle waiting for you at the ferry landing or delivered here to the property. from the ferry landing we are 10 - 15 minutes by bike.walk - for the minimalist who chooses to travel light and on foot we are a 45 minute walk from the ferry.  lopez island taxi and tours offer rides around the island and with advanced notice and pending availability we provide ferry pickup and drop off for a fee.airplane - lopez island has a small public airport with regularly scheduled and charter flights from seattle and bellingham. reservations can be made thru san juan airlines and kenmore airlines.  schedules and availability are always changing.  boat - lopez island has 1 public marina at the lopez islander resort in fisherman bay and various moorage options at state and county parks. outerisland excursion also operate water taxis between the islands.approximate distances 



lopez aiport - 5.1 milesfisherman bay - 2 miles



lopez ferry terminal - 2.2 mileslopez village - 1.1 miles


   



lopez farm cottages & tent camping607 fisherman bay road lopez island wa 98261  360-468-3555  hello@lopezfarmcottages.com





connect
sign up with your email address to receive updates and specials.




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!



 






home












360-468-3555
hello@lopezfarmcottages.com


hours
mon 8am-8pm
tue 8am-8pm
wed 8am-8pm
thu 8am-8pm
fri 8am-8pm
sat 8am-8pm
sun 8am-8pm

























gallerylopez islandrestaurant and farm guidecontactpolicies










