     ford dealer in bethlehem, pa serving allentown & northampton | bethlehem ford                               


                                             bethlehem ford        sales 610-624-1271    service 610-572-1091  parts 610-572-1240      2135 west union boulevardbethlehem, pa 18018                                service        map        contact                       bethlehem ford            call 610-624-1271   directions                       new   search inventory   new specials   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   ford incentives   upfit your ford   2024 ford maverick   ford protect   kbb instant cash offer     used   search inventory   used specials   bethlehem ford certified used vehicles   value your trade   vehicles under 10k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   kbb instant cash offer     specials   new specials   used specials   service & parts specials   regional incentives   first responder discount     service & parts   schedule service   parts brand   shop ford parts   service department   schedule service   ford mobile service   ford pickup & delivery   service & parts specials   ford accessories   order parts   quick lane®   general service   battery service   collision center   tires   fordpass   mobile service     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer     about   about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   videos   leave us a review     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   new specials   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   ford incentives   upfit your ford   2024 ford maverick   ford protect   kbb instant cash offer     used   search inventory   used specials   bethlehem ford certified used vehicles   value your trade   vehicles under 10k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   kbb instant cash offer     specials   new specials   used specials   service & parts specials   regional incentives   first responder discount     service & parts   schedule service   parts brand   shop ford parts   service department   schedule service   ford mobile service   ford pickup & delivery   service & parts specials   ford accessories   order parts   quick lane®   general service   battery service   collision center   tires   fordpass   mobile service     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer     about   about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   videos   leave us a review     contact   dealer information   hours & directions               











inventory




inventory
search

       filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       













service






scheduleservice
 schedule now


mobileservice
 schedule now







service
we are open  mon-fri 7:00am - 6:00pm  sat 8:00am - 2:00pm



schedule



service



specials















 

 

search
new






 

 

search
used






 

 

get
financing






 

 

sell
your car






      search new inventory     search used inventory        
    a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory        




bethlehem certified


certified pre-owned








videos


videos









f-150

it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability.
view inventory  



           









hit the road

use our convenient online form to schedule your next test drive. receive a first-class experience from one of our exclusive test drive staff members.
schedule test drive 









meet our staff

we're confident in the quality of our service center, especially since our technicians are all certified with expertise in the ford brand.
view staff 



















join our team

are you an expert? whether it's sales or service, there might be a perfect fit for you on our team. fill out our quick form to be considered.
apply now 




       



bethlehem ford serving the lehigh valley

bethlehem ford in bethlehem, pa treats the needs of each individual customer with paramount concern. we know that you have high expectations, and as a car dealer we enjoy the challenge of meeting and exceeding those standards each and every time. allow us to demonstrate our commitment to excellence!
more about us  



                                       disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                        


sales hours      monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    

     buy your next car from bethlehem ford
whether you're from allentown, bethlehem, north hampton, emmaus, or fogelsville, there's no better dealership to visit for your next car than bethlehem ford. we are a small-town dealership that knows how to treat its customers the right way, and from the second you enter our showroom to the minute you drive off our lot in a new ford, we'll do everything we can to assist you.


going the extra mile for you
at bethlehem ford, we believe in going the extra mile for every customer who walks through our doors, which is why we are one of the top dealerships in pennsylvania. our staff is dedicated to helping you throughout the entire shopping process so that you can actually enjoy purchasing your next car. sure, we may not be as large as other dealerships, but we offer aggressive pricing and honest service that you won't find anywhere else.
we also believe in the importance of serving our community, which is why we have relationships with a number of area charities. for example, we regularly work with the drive 4 ur school program, in which we donate money to local schools based on qualifying test drives.
outstanding ford selection
besides our friendly service, our large new and pre-owned inventory is the best reason to shop with us. you can stop by our lot any day of the week and find the newest, most exciting ford models. from tough trucks such as the f-150 to world-class suvs such as the ecosport, explorer, and escape, we offer top-notch new models you'll find irresistible. you can also walk around our lot and find a wide range of pre-owned vehicles with a great price that you'll love. one of our salespeople can take you on a tour of our lot so that you can choose your vehicle and then you can talk with one of our finance experts about your lease and loan options.


world-class technicians
when you take your car out for a spin, you want to be confident that it's going to perform how you want and expect, and with a little help from our staff of expert technicians, you can keep your ford running perfectly for years to come. our staff prides itself on doing things the right way, and when you bring your car in for service, they'll get the job done correctly. the service team at our dealership features five a-level technicians who know exactly how to make sure your vehicle always runs like new. trust us for your repair and maintenance needs and your automobile will be in the best, most experienced hands possible.
ford mobile service
when you want the best service for your vehicle but just can't break free to bring it into our service department, our ford mobile service can help. we can go to where you are at home, work or other location with a fully-equipped mobile service van to perform the necessary repairs or maintenance your car needs while you take care of your life. from oil changes, brake service, wiper replacements, to check engine light diagnosis, tire rotation, and even remote starter installation.
let us help you
if you're ready to hit the streets in fogelsville, emmaus, northampton, allentown, or bethlehem in a brand-new ford, stopping by bethlehem ford is an excellent decision. we stock a massive selection of new and pre-owned vehicles to make finding your dream car easier and we also offer a first-class staff who is enthusiastic about assisting you. take a trip to our lot today so that you can see a few of the best vehicles we have in our inventory.

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, license, and processing and/or documentation fees. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.all conditional rebates cannot be combined.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures bethlehem ford | 2135 west union boulevard, bethlehem, pa 18018 | sales: 610-624-1271 |                





























                         