









thelordsway.com | home









web sites for churches of christ



home
tour
contact us
about us
sign up!

 

 



web site pages
cost
questions?
privacy
terms
congregations online
updates
support
partners

 




three areas
your site should help you!
	your web site should help your congregation in three areas; reaching the public, informing your membership and assisting the leadership.
	here is a quick preview of what your web site will do:
the public - write articles, create interactive courses, share your church programs, news and much more!
your membership - a secure directory, prayer list, mass e-mails, news, and much more!
the leadership - track members attendance, involvement, contributions, and much more!
	a web site created on thelordsway.com is specifically designed to meet these three important challenges.  
	you can use as many, or as few, of the features we offer for one low price.  with over ten years experience, and 200 congregations served, 
	we have developed an easy to use system that will centralize your efforts in information management.	click here to see all of the pages that	will help you evanglize, inform, online.
 



evangelize
reach out to the lost
it has never been easier to reach a large audience with the gospel. thelordsway.com includes all the online tools you need to effectively serve and 
			evangelize your community.
learn more »



inform
communicate with members
the members of your congregation lead active and busy lives.  thelordsway.com allows you to quickly and easily communicate with all of them instantly, letting them know about news, events, 
			prayer requests and more.
learn more »



online
easy, efficient, effective
the internet opens many doors to your membership and community.  along with your existing 
			evangelistic plans a website on thelordsway.com creates opportunities 
			and contains tools to grow your congregations 
			involvement and attendance.
learn more »





why thelordsway.com?


simple, easy, exclusive


							thelordsway.com is an online service designed to allow you to easily create
							and manage a custom web site for your congregation.  with over 30 feature-rich pages, your
							congregation is able to share a vast amount of information.
							don't know anything about creating a web site?  thelordsway.com is for you! 
							thelordsway.com enables you to manage your web content easily and
							efficiently, allowing you to focus on the many other essential needs in your
							congregation and community.  your site is always fresh and current, and you
							do it all yourself in seconds!
							
							thelordsway.com serves exclusively congregations of the lord's church.  we
							realize your congregation may not have the skills to build an extensive web
							site.  that's where thelordsway.com comes in.  you simply fill in the online
							forms we provide, and your site is created automatically!  it's really that easy.  click 
							here to see a video 
							showing how to sign up.
							see for yourself by taking a 
							tour now! 
							
							if you have any questions feel free to 
							contact us!  thanks for 
							checking us out!





articles



why do we need a website
many people today use the internet to do research.  from learning about the scriptures to finding a congregation while traveling a web site
								is a great resource for members and seekers alike. your website will allow your teaching, programs and services into the homes of those people
								who visit and browser your online pages.
read more »






how is thelordsway.com different?
first, we only offer our service to congregations of churches of christ or related ministries.  this 
								exclusiveness avoids confusion and ensures your 
								site is not on the same service as other sites 
								of which you would not be comfortable.
read more »






i am not good with a computer
we hear this a lot and we like to say "then you are in the right place!" thelordsway.com provides simple easy to complete forms that you fill in with your information.
								you click save and your pages are created for you.  it is really that easy!  your site can be as basic or as well featured as you like.  you decide!
read more »



 


 



buzz


						"the online member directory is worth the price by itself."joshua pappas, blackman church of christ, murfreesboro, tn

						"if you can type, or "hunt and peck" like me, you can have a very 
						professional website in just a few minutes.  you will not find an 
						easier webhost, to have a professional website for your church, 
						anywhere on the web!"
randy hughes, summertown church of christ, summertown, tn

						"i just wanted to let you know how thelordsway.com has helped our congregation in the 
						bronx. many people looking for a local congregation found us through our web site. 
						we've also received compliments on the resources available. thanks again."
						bronx church of christ






consider this



people use the internet for research
more »
 


internet usage is growing
more »
 


reaching out is easy
more »
 


your yellow pages ad
more »
 





follow us









 



© thelordsway.com. all rights reserved
website template by arcsin
 


home | tour | contact us | about us | sign up! | page top ↑

 






