









home















































 



























							home						
















contact isoahomeabout usmembershipa letter from our presidentlocationupcoming eventsnewsletterclinic infomember galleryspinal tappetsdiscographyspinal tappets videosspinal tappets lyricsjoin isoa!renew your isoa membership -new!- isoa members forum

















































search isoa   










contact isoahomeabout usmembershipa letter from our presidentlocationupcoming eventsnewsletterclinic infomember galleryspinal tappetsdiscographyspinal tappets videosspinal tappets lyricsjoin isoa!renew your isoa membership -new!- isoa members forum





																login															






















abbey
text 1







ld2 stag
text 2







mk ii spitfire
text 3


















































			president's letter		


 
 welcome to the illinois sports owners association’s website. i invite you to look around this site and discover isoa, one of the largest and most active car clubs in the chicago area. while we’re centered in northeast illinois, we have many members in neighboring states and even a few in far-away areas of the country. anyone who owns, or just has an interest in triumph sports cars is welcome to join. isoa and its members are focused on the enjoyment of these classic british cars and on having fun with other triumph enthusiasts. we drive them as often as possible in several locally organized events and across the country to national triumph gatherings throughout the driving season. and after our cars are tucked away for the midwest winter, we turn to indoor events which include car-related tours and isoa’s nationally famous technical clinics.these clinics offer experienced and novice wrench-turners  opportunities to learn what makes triumphs run, how to keep them running and what to do when our cars are a bit uncooperative. the series of winter and early spring clinics cover all aspects of triumphs, and conclude with a final tune-up clinic to make sure our cars are ready for the driving season. in addition, isoa members are always eager to help fellow club members with issues and projects at any time of the year.but isoa is far from a gearhead club. the social events throughout the year and our monthly meetings are really a lot of fun. there’s something going on all time and much of it is captured in the club’s award-winning monthly newsletter - snic-braaapp. please look through our website and our events calendar, and consider joining. if you’re still not quite sure, feel free to stop by one of our monthly meetings (details in the calendar) or contact me with any questions.thanks for your interest in isoa.kyle kayson2025 isoa presidentthis email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 
 

illinois chapters
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                           





































































copyright © 2025.  isoa snic-braaapp.


































desktop version











javascript is currently disabled.please enable it for a better experience of jumi.
