





a cornucopia of new-age thoughts and ideas. new age and celtic festivals






















































 
a cornucopia
          of new-age thoughts and ideas


you are here > home
              page >










 avebury stone circle stonehenge
 new age destinations
 padstow 'oss
 valentine traditions 
flower language solstice wreath
celtic festivals - imbolc celtic festivals - beltane celtic festivals - spring equinoxceltic festivals - solstice
celtic festivals - mabon
celtic festivals - lammas
celtic festivals - samhain
celtic festivals - yule
halloween pumpkin carving
valentine traditions
spring equinox
solstice wreath
advent calendar



  

stonehenge summer solstice
        a celebration of life - standing amongst the towering stones with 30,000
        others watching the sun rise on the magical midsummer morning.
it's great to be able to stand inside the sacred circle of sarsens as our ancestors
did as dawn appears over the heel stone - much better than from behind a fence.
a traditional way to celebrate the longest day of the year.
there's an amazing communal excitement at the solstice sunrise as the spiritual
  ancestry of this prehistoric temple is celebrated - with whoops of joy, drumming,
  horn blowing, cheering and applause...it makes you feel good to be alive.
this re-enacting of an ancient ceremony brings a mystical link, stretching
  right back through the aeons of time, producing almost a celebratory communion
  with our ancestors.
the mighty stones seem to breathe...
 








avebury summer solstice
john aubrey, an amateur 17th century archaeologist wrote
    that avebury does 'as much excell stonehenge as a cathedral does a parish
    church'. avebury has a much more relaxed vibe than stonehenge for the
    summer solstice and the added benefit of a pub on site. there's a no parking
    zone which is enforced for miles in all directions which does cut down on
    the crowds but - come prepared for a long walk or get someone to drop you
    off.







 glastonbury festival
the experience - 3 days of seeing how good life can really be - full of music,
  colour and fun. you don't want it to end - although a shower and a clean loo
  would be nice! 
  no other festival attracts such a mix of generations - children frolic in the
  kidz field, ageing hippies recount their festival tales, everyone enjoys the
  atmosphere. no other festival raises so much for charity. glasto is essentially
  all about people and will never be just a pop festival.

  it isn't only music - it is the lifestyle we dream of - free from worry and
  work - chilling out in the sunshine, or the leafy glade or lying amongst the
  stones in the sacred space.
  its knowing there's something exciting round every corner - theatre, circus,
  poetry, new bands, legendary bands, comedy, cinema, dance vibes, jazz, acoustic
  and it's there all day and all through the night...if music be the food
  of love - play on...and on... 
glastonbury
    festival
mayday at padstow

the 'obby 'oss, (local for hobby
    horse), is a traditional annual event on may day at padstow, cornwall.

the cornish may day tradition is strongly linked to the beltane
celtic festival and celebrates the coming of summer - "summer is icumen
in"
(a traditional english medieval round).

 


tweet





 

  
      
          

mobile-friendly version





copyright definitive web 2005-2018. all
        text and images are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced.
        all trade marks or registered trade marks are acknowledged as property
      of their respective owners.
 we are not associated
        with or endorsed by any of the companies or organisations featured. we endeavour to ensure all information is correct
        and current but can not guarantee this and you agree that any use of
        the site and information or links contained therein is at your own risk. full
        terms and conditions of use. site map








