





karen post, the branding diva – branding speaker, branding consultant, branding expert







































skip to content







my account remember meregistercart 

facebooktwittervimeolinkedinyoutuberssemail 










 homeaboutbackground and beliefsconnect with karenkaren’s brandsspeakingexperience and industriesmeeting planner resourcesconsultingwhat we love to dobooksebooksonline learning coursesfree stuffmediablogcontact


search for:





















new homekaren post2019-04-23t14:02:35-04:00 















book karen to speak
need a high-energy speaker on a branding or marketing topic for your next event? karen is ready to empower your audience with game-changing keynotes, breakout sessions and facilitated workshops.  learn more





first name



email address





leave this field empty if you're human: 




stand out from the rest
need help with your brand positioning, distinction or messaging? karen and her team are ready to help. we can provide coaching, consulting and develop fully intergrated branding programs, from discovery to design, to deployment. learn more




we help businesses, organizations and professionals overcome branding challenges. challenges that keep you up at night, like:

missing opportunities because of low-market awareness
blending in with your competition due to lack of distinction
losing customers because of price
managing with no clear plan to achieve business goals
operating with employees working with divided purpose
having a tough time recruiting superstar talent

our method is simple. our results are impressive. we call it brain tattooing; the art and science of planting your unique essence in the minds of the buying market. 







lastest blog: branding, life, optimism & getting things done




karen post2019-08-19t08:19:36-04:006 simple ways to scale your brand and touch the worldthe marketplace for every business leader has never been more exciting and full of opportunities. economies no longer have borders that limit business territories or profitable relationships. technology enables real time communications and 24/7 commerce [...]karen post2019-08-19t08:19:36-04:00why the stars didn’t align for donald trump’s rncthis week adam howard from nbc news invited me to weigh in on the issue of celebrities and political conventions. adam writes: as recently as july 5th, presumptive republican nominee donald trump had been touting [...]karen post2019-08-19t08:19:37-04:00maria sharapova’s brand loses some lovetennis great maria sharapova's brand took a hard hit this week as the wta imposed a two-year ban on her playing the game. her big money sponsors are split on what side of the net [...]





 
 





 







 
 
 





		copyright 2015 karen post | the branding diva® | powered by christopher creative llc 


facebooktwittervimeolinkedinyoutuberssemail
 
 
 
 


toggle sliding bar area





this is a custom widget this sliding bar can be switched on or off in theme options, and can take any widget you throw at it or even fill it with your custom html code. its perfect for grabbing the attention of your viewers. choose between 1, 2, 3 or 4 columns, set the background color, widget divider color, activate transparency, a top border or fully disable it on desktop and mobile.
 

this is a custom widget this sliding bar can be switched on or off in theme options, and can take any widget you throw at it or even fill it with your custom html code. its perfect for grabbing the attention of your viewers. choose between 1, 2, 3 or 4 columns, set the background color, widget divider color, activate transparency, a top border or fully disable it on desktop and mobile.
 





 


 













































































































































