



  










home - rcac








































































 



















menu
            













contact us
careers
privacy policy
tools
rfps
 











submit











programs & services 


lending
environmental
housing
indigenous communities
community economic development
programs & servicesrcac’s programs and services deliver solutions to complex community needs. our local presence allows us to develop partnerships with communities to identify needs, set goals, and select the best options to meet those goals. rcac and our partners provide the tools to create change and growth, but the communities chart their own course. collaboration, plus community effort will equal community change. how can we help you? 

lending 


biomass utilization fund
re-emerging loan fund
affordable housing loans
environmental infrastructure loans
community facility loans
small business loans
household water well & septic system loans
idaho srf-household septic system program
az-nm tribal community development loans
loan fund contacts
lendingrcac’s loan fund is a financial resource for rural communities. the loan fund fills financing gaps and serves in unconventional markets. we offer loans for affordable housing development, environmental infrastructure, community facilities and small businesses in rural locations. 

impact 


rcac projects map
success stories
video library
annual reports
impactdecent housing, safe drinking water, education, financing, jobs, community facilities, leadership, families are the many facets to rcac's work.   

trainings & events 


all events calendar
registration help
gototraining help
ceu award training policies
rcac’s training history
trainings & eventsrcac expands the knowledge base of the rural public through education and training. our training expertise is in technical, financial, and administrative issues that affect rural communities. we take great pride in our professional trainer team's capacity and effectiveness. our trainers maximize audience participation to keep trainings relevant and memorable. 

news & publications 


covid-19 resources and notices
network news
self-help builder news
featured news
rural stories
press release
guidebooks
video library
reprint permission request
publications archive
categories
news & publicationsrcac's news and publications are a compilation of timely news, announcements and accomplishments produced for the rural development world. 

rural advocacy 


partners for rural transformation
rural advocacysub-standard housing and poverty are commonplace in low-income rural communities. many of these communities also face daunting challenges to access safe, clean drinking water and to develop other vital infrastructure. these issues are often overlooked in policy because rural communities lack the resources, training or social networks that are found in urban areas. learn how you can advocate for the under-served population in the west. 

about rcac 


non-discrimination statement
careers
request for proposals
ways to support
financial information
board of directors
executive and senior leadership staff
awards
connections
annual report
media contacts
about rcacfounded in 1978, rcac is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that partners with underserved rural and indigenous communities to achieve their vision and well being through technical assistance, training, financial resources and advocacy. for more than 45 years, our dedicated staff and active board, coupled with our key values: leadership, collaboration, commitment, quality and integrity, have helped effect positive change in rural communities across the west. learn more about who we are and how we operate.  


contact us
careers
privacy policy
tools
rfps
























 
what we do:
rural community assistance corporation (rcac) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that operates in 13 western states and pacific islands. we serve indigenous and rural communities through training, technical and financial assistance and advocacy. our major programs include:
community economic development
community resilience and disaster planning
environmental
housing
lending 
indigenous communities
 
who we are:
we are a group of more than 200 passionate professionals who serve indigenous and rural communities, bringing our unique thinking, backgrounds and experience to the organization and our work. rcac fosters a collaborative workplace environment where our colleagues and partners are valued and treated with respect so that the organization and people we serve can excel.
 mission statement
rcac partners with underserved rural and indigenous communities to achieve their vision and well being through technical assistance, training, financial resources and advocacy.
vision statement
rural and indigenous communities throughout the west are empowered to be vibrant, healthy and thriving.
 







join our team
looking for a new and exciting career path? join our passionate team and
make a difference in rural communities throughout the west.

apply today










recent news
dec 18, 2024

california joins federal and community partners to launch pilot project to help clean up tijuana river
what you need to know: california is launching a pilot project to stop trash from clogging the tijuana river as part of $35 million in investments to address the ongoing sewage crisis.
view all news



upcoming events
february 27

caltap fair - champions of water safety
we are inviting you to join us on february 27 and learn about the california technical assistance providers (caltap) programs. these programs are funded by the california state water resources control board in order to provide various resources and tools for public water systems throughout california.

view event
                                                                                                     | register





making an impact


success story highlight

canjilon: rcac bolsters new mexico village’s push for water security
perched atop a mesa in northern new mexico’s rio arriba county, the small village of canjilon is a living testament to the deep-rooted heritage of its community. home to nearly 300 residents, primarily of hispano and indigenous descent, canjilon’s roots stretch thousands of years, during which the pueblo, apache, and navajo peoples have called the surrounding lands home.
view all stories


video highlight

a brief history of self-help housing in the united states












infrastructure
rcac is the environmental finance center for alaska, idaho, oregon and washington. there are many challenges in infrastructure maintenance and development. during the next 20 years $600 billion in infrastructure projects will need to be completed to protect public health yet budget constraints are an increasing reality.

learn more








rcac's culture of care
rcac fosters a workplace where our colleagues and partners are valued and treated with respect so that the organization and people we serve can thrive.

about rcac








rcac is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender.

read our non-discrimination statement






stay updated. stay informed.
join the newsletter








invest in & support rcac
we welcome donations and grants of any size for operating and program support. help us meet the ever increasing demand for funds needed to sustain rural communities and small businesses. an investment in rcac’s loan fund is an investment in your community.
start here



california lenders license
licensed by the california department of business oversight — #60db0 83068
start here



how are we doing?
please take a few minutes and complete our customer satisfaction form to let us know how we’re doing. we are here for you.
start here

















programs & services
lending
impact
trainings & events
news & publications
rural advocacy
about rcac
 



















 


contact us
careers
privacy policy
tools
rfps
 
©2020 rcac. all rights reserved. rcac is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. all donations are tax deductible. ein 94-2512284.



















