






mama project |











































about

mission & vision
latest news & updates


child survival training

water
worms
malnutrition
medical brigades & community outreach
training powerpoints
supporting materials


fundraisers
scholarships
network & partnerships

resources


get involved
contact
donate
 


select page


  
 
 














of the displaced population, 85% percent are women and children, 65% are under the age of 18.










"i am dancing because peace has come and i will move freely today at night," said alekdit bol athuai after the peace agreement was reached between two opposing groups in twic county, south sudan in august 2024.










loading and transporting nutrition rations supplied by the world food program to refugee camps.










refugees and staff gather in front of one of the mama project medical tents.










stick shelters need treated nets or tarps for protection against the elements and malaria carrying mosquitoes.










two sons transport their sick mother to hospital using a donkey cart, illustrating the lack of ambulance service in the region.











it takes a healthy village to raise a healthy child.





it takes a healthy village to raise a healthy child.







emergency food relief for south sudan refugee idp camps
people are fleeing from war in south sudan and sudan, and running for days or even weeks to escape violence! but, they arrive in places with no water, food, shelter, or medical care.
with your support, we have been able to help thousands of people in need. but the refugees keep coming and there is still a desperate need for food! people are literally starving.
right now, this appeal is for funding for mass food distribution to keep people alive until more help can arrive.

donate today!







about mama project

mama project’s mission is to be a network to promote health and wholeness through partnerships on many levels, both national and international. mama promotes community health through medical service teams, deworming, micronutrients, and clean water solutions.
we work with families, communities, and other organizations including health authorities to improve conditions for the most vulnerable. we work to bring the benefits of science-based medical and nutritional interventions to people that are hard to reach.















water

mama promotes and distributes a two bucket water filtration and chlorination system to provide pure water in homes, schools, and clinics.

learn more







worms

mama project works on many levels to prevent and treat parasites that come from contaminated soil, food, and water. by working with policymakers in the government, coordinating with other organizations, and doing mass deworming campaigns, we are making a great impact on the health of children and adults.

learn more















malnutrition

the most common underlying cause of preventable deaths in children is malnutrition. whether mild, moderate, or severe, malnutrition has consequences for the life and health of children. it is 100% preventable and curable!

learn more







medical brigades

visiting medical brigades occupy a special niche in promoting community health. community health workers, local nurses, and local doctors are the true pillars of health care for many of those communities.











contact us
have questions about mama project? please let us know below and a member of our team will be in touch soon.






name


email address


message




submit







 










mama project
2781a geryville pike
pennsburg, pa 18073
phone: (215) 679-4338
mama project is a registered non-profit in the usa​
501(c)(3) tax id: 23-2993647



stay informed
subscribe now to receive the latest mama project news and updates.

email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human: 















© 2025 mama project | crafted with care by ssmcreative



followfollowfollow



 


















