








home :: vero beach book center


























772-569-2050 | find our store




 



 
          












toggle navigation    









eventschildren's storeour storycontact


















 
















 

 
 

 

 
current staff fiction picks

 


 
we are now offering audiobooks from libro.fm
 
the vero beach book center is excited to announce that we have partnered with libro.fm to offer audiobooks. when you purchase audiobooks through our partner, you have a selection of the most popular titles in a convenient format at a fair price. you can rest assured. there is no creepy tracking following you around the internet that the other services use to spy on you.
by buying audiobooks from libro.fm, you not only get to enjoy a vast selection of books and support the convenience of listening to them on-the-go, but you also support independent bookstores like the vero beach book center. your purchase helps sustain a local business that is dedicated to providing personalized and exceptional customer service, while fostering a sense of community through its events and outreach programs. so, if you're looking for a way to indulge in your love of books while making a positive impact on your community, choosing libro.fm and the vero beach book center is a fantastic choice.
try it today!
 

 












        view this post on instagram            a post shared by vero book (@verobeachbookcenter)


        view this post on instagram            a post shared by vero book (@verobeachbookcenter)














receive news about special events and books.
join our newsletter















store hours
monday through saturday:
9 am to 6 pm
sunday:
closed


store location
the vero beach book center
392 21st street
(miracle mile)
vero beach, fl 32960



contact us
main store: 772-569-2050
children's floor: 772-569-6650
toll free: 1-888-732-3226


social
























copyright © 2025. the vero beach book center

























