






































global climate & energy project at stanford university | energy














          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







the precourt institute for energy is part of the stanford doerr school of sustainability.










 



search this site

submit search



menu
aboutprecourt institute for energy annual reportscontactlocationresearchresearch areasinitiatives, centers & programsresearch funding opportunitiesprecourt pioneering projectsseed grantsstanford energy research year in reviewstanford energy postdoctoral fellowshiprequest for proposalseducationexecutive educationopen enrollment teaching teamseminar seriesnews & eventsfeatured reportsin the newseventsupcoming eventspast eventssignature seriesstanford energy seminarseminar schedulepast seminarsvideosmailing list sign-upnewsletterfollow @stanfordenergypeoplestanford energy researchersprecourt institute fellowsprecourt institute teamprecourt institute advisory councilengageindustrylearnpolicyconnectgiving













global climate & energy project at stanford university







main content start



 





 


gcep timeline from 2003-2018. larger print version is also available.

the global climate & energy project (gcep) ended its nearly 17-year run on august 31, 2019. it had a major impact in transforming the focus of energy research at stanford and at many other universities around the world and was an important catalyst for the development of energy supply technology for the world.
the gcep directors would like to thank all who contributed to this unique program, especially its corporate sponsors – exxonmobil, schlumberger, bank of america, general electric, toyota, and dupont, the many faculty and students who conducted its research, the gcep staff who tirelessly devoted several years to operate the project, and the numerous others who have attended our events and consulted with us over the years.
the gcep website has been archived as a record of all the activities that were undertaken by the project and is no longer updated. we invite you to review the materials generated by gcep and thank you for your interest.
access the archived site by going to:
https://swap.stanford.edu/was/20230129051410/http://gcep.stanford.edu/
learn more about gcep with an oral history provided by dr. richard e. sassoon, the project's former managing director.
stay up to date on the latest stanford energy news.




























address

precourt institute for energy
473 via ortega
stanford, ca 94305
united states



campus map


contact us






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube






quick links


news


research


upcoming events


make a gift


intranet


login




stanford doerr school of sustainability


stanford doerr school of sustainability


woods institute for the environment


sustainable societies institute


sustainability accelerator













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 


  back to top






