



 global vineyard importers



















































home
chile

maquis
calcu
escarlata
gillmore wines
meli
penalolen
domus aurea
apaltagua
albamar & william cole
gran verano
quintay


argentina & uruguay

ricardo santos
tercos
trampa
funckenhausen vineyards
aniello
marichal
vermut flores


for the trade
press reviews
locate our wines
about us

contact
our mission





























maquis | colchagua valley




90+ scores on gvi wines 


newsletter sign up




the hurtado family has owned the viña maquis vineyard for more than a century, but it wasn’t until almost 20 years ago that the family decided to make their own wine out of the terrific grapes in their own backyard. they built a state-of-the-art gravity flow winery and set out to make the maquis winery one of the great properties in all of south america. located in colchagua valley, the winery’s focus is on distinctive single-vineyard, estate wines. the maquis main vineyard is essentially an island: it is deeply influenced by the tinguiririca river on one side and the chimbarongo creek on the other. these two large waterways once brought alluvial sediment from the andes and today act as pathways for cool coastal breezes that help moderate the warm colchagua summers, contributing to the intensity, character, fruitiness and mineral elements of the maquis wines. maquis is fortunate to have such a privileged location.

winemakers ricardo rivadeneira and rodrigo romero consult with viticulturist xavier choné, a leading authority on terroir who has worked with elite wineries such as chateau d’yquem, dominus and opus one. consulting on the maquis blends is the legendary eric boissenot, named one of the top winemakers in the world by decanter magazine.


new funckenhausen cofermented malbec-riesling


a unique new wine, funckenhausen cofermented malbec-riesling, has been added to our portfolio.
this new project from funckenhausen vineyards features co-fermented varietals (94% malbec & 6% riesling) produced in small batches from estate fruit. this wine is a reflection of funckenhausen’s identity, as it combines argentine malbec with riesling, a grape of course with origins in the funcke family’s native germany.

95 points for maquis lien 2019
"part of a brilliant current range of red wines from rodrigo romero and maquis, lien is a very good value assemblage of cabernet franc with 36% cabernet sauvignon and 18% carmenère. graphite, bay leaf and green salad aromas segue into a palate of sweet spices, filigree tannins, blueberry, cassis and black cherry fruit and a bright, balanced finish." —tim atkin
90 points for apaltagua gran reserva carmenere 2021
"plum and cherry aromas with herbal accent. medium weight palate with good flavor intensity of red plums with vegetal notes. good acidity and a long finish," —international wine review
93 points for funckenhausen cofermented malbec-riesling 2023
"refreshing blue-fruited character with notes of violets, crushed herbs and stone. juicy and savory with a chalky texture to its tannins and a medium body. so vivid and fresh with a succulent finish." —james suckling
94 points for gillmore vigno old vine carignan 2015
"it has fine-grained, slightly rustic tannins and a texture that makes me think of a barolo, along with hints of tar and roses, more powerful than it seems. delicious and outstanding for the price." —wine advocate
94 points for domus aurea 2019
"on the palate, it is smooth, balanced, and flavorful. it displays intense notes of blackberry and plum, with hints of spices. the finish is long and delicious." —wine enthusiast
93 points for ricardo santos  malbec 2020
"a bacchanalian malbec that makes you want to have ribeye and red wine for breakfast." —wine & spirits
94 points for vermut flores rosé vermouth
vermut flores rosé is a wine enthusiast best buy and top 100 spirits of 2022. "look for a pretty blush hue and mild floral aroma with a fleeting berry hint. nice as a chilled aperitif." —wine enthusiast
95 points for calcu futa cabernet sauvignon 2015
"there is good ripeness and weight but no excess. the oak feels nicely integrated, and the tannins are fine-grained. it's classical and classy, with a lively spark in the palate." —wine advocate
90 points for quintay clava pinot noir 2022
"great value from ximena klein, this juicy, perfumed pinot noir has appealing rose petal and vanilla aromas, a palate of summer pudding fruit, a touch of granitic tension and supple,caressing tannins. very drinkable.”
—tim atkin


the "high scores 90+" sheet is regularly updated from these wine publications:

wine spectator
wine enthusiast
international wine review
james suckling
wine advocate
tasting panel
tim atkin
wine & spirits
vinous

download the winter 2025 90+ score updates pdf here!







*email address 




  

 













 follow us on instagram


 follow us on facebook


follow us on twitter






 













global vineyard importers - copyright 2025 - original design by cudazi for themeforest.net










