






technical product owner and manager w/dev experience - chris mospaw
























































skip to content









chris mospaw
technical leadership helping teams to make some of the best parts of the internet












chris mospaw's linkedin profile





chris mospaw's facebook profile





chris mospaw's instagram account


















menu 
homecomputer & it servicesresume & experience hire chris mospaw older work & portfolio my tools linux mint php laravel git mysql chrome firefox libre office glances shutter clementine visual studio code atom markdown slack wordpress ithemes security pro beaver builder wp super cache vvv virtualbox vagrant synology nas cloud station android sublime textcontact infoblog tech tips old postscookie policy (eu)








 













technical product owner and manager w/dev experience











who is this guy?
i am chris mospaw. and my work experience in the past twenty or so years has been in the tech world, specifically around web application development and managing the projects and teams that do it. i am currently seeking a role as a technical program / product / project manager, but capable of filling many similar roles.
some of the other positions i have held in the past include magazine editor, used car salesman, graphic artist, newspaper production manager (and reporter), corporate trainer, typesetter, system administrator, web designer, computer programmer, and maître d' of a steakhouse for one night.
how and why i got into "the internet"
after being prompted by in the late 1990's by one of my graphic arts and design clients to do "that internet and web thing", i learned basic html and enjoyed being able to integrate the print design i was doing into this new platform. initially, web development was a slow, cumbersome, very manual process.
one of the employees at the hosting company my client used showed me a neat new thing called "php/fi" that allowed a web site to be broken into various small pieces very easily. php/fi grew into php and from to around 2018, i grew as a programmer, web developer, and web application architect,.
i then moved into managing the products and teams i had previously been doing developmetn work with. along the way, i even got certified scrum product owner and certified scrum master certifications. today i am looking help manage the people who produce amazing technical products of any kind.
what's on this site?
this site contains a little bit of everything about my professional life, including my current resume and experience, some of my older web work and portfolio the tools i use, how to get in touch, and even some old posts from a while back.
my more personal blog is called "thoughts" and lives on its own site.
where am i now?
in october 2021, i started as a technical product manager / scrum master at pagely. three weeks later, godaddy bought pagely, i was made a sr. technical project manager iii, and promoted to technical program manager iv a few months later. i left godaddy in april 2024.
i am currently open to discussing new opportunities and would love to talk if you have something. 













































please, tell me more...







contact chris
chris mospaw's current resume and work experience
older web work and portfolio
my list of tools
personal web site "thoughts"




















 

















web developer and more
resume & work experience
contact chris mospaw









my tool set
old post archive

















© 2005-2025, chris mospaw - privacy policy












 




manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent















