













jumpers rebound centre | trampoline & gymnastics in kent


























































home
news
contact






menu
















 about
back
 our story
 loveadmin
 membership information
 waiting list application
 our team
 facilities
 the sport
 hall of fame
 archive
 news


 what’s on offer
back
 what we offer
 trampoline classes
 recreational trampoline
 parent and toddler classes
 adults recreation
 competitive sessions
 gymnastics classes
 tumbling classes
 private lessons
 special needs
 schools / students
 holiday camps
 parties
 timetable


 competitive squads
back
 south east competition information
 upcoming events
 results
 volunteer
 david ward hunt




























home of champions
jumpers rebound centre
























europe’s first purpose built trampoline and dmt facility
we are jumpers rebound centre – home of the gillingham jumpers, a trampoline club based in kent, uk. established in 1979 we have developed into the world’s largest trampoline club with over 1700 people training each week. we offer a range of activities and facilities from parties and recreational classes to coaching courses and competitive training. we have even trained a number of olympians within our walls. find out more about our 40 years story.
our story 





 
 
discover
what we offer



 
join
our competition squads



 
find out more
david ward hunt cup competition


 




parties
our trampolining parties are brilliant for kids. with fun and games, we’ll tailor the day to your exact requirements. click below to find out more.
find out more 



private lessons
whether you’re a top athlete or still finding your feet, we offer private lessons with a truly tailored coaching experience for any level.
find out more 











functions
facility hire and packages
if you’re looking hold a course, event, competition or even a corporate function, then we can cater perfectly to your requirements with our wide range of facilities available to you. make the most of what’s on offer and speak to us for more details.
our facilities 











the archive
40 years of sporting history
established back in 1978 jumpers is one of the longest standing trampoline clubs in the uk – if not the world! since then the club has introduced many new bouncers to trampolining and has produced competitors from county, regional and national champions through to the 2004 olympic finalist gary smith. over the years we have collated one of the largest trampolining archives available. lose yourself in years of history…
find out more 























affiliations
here at jumpers, we are affiliated and partnered with the following organisations  













sponsor
check out our sponsor gym-aid! the uk’s supplier of eurotramp and airtrack factory!
find out more 




















get in touch
to find out more information on what’s available at jumpers rebound centre, to join or book a facility, please get in touch by phone or drop us an email. one of our team will be happy to tell you more.
get in touch 







do you want to know all the jrc news before everyone else does? 
subscribe to our mailing list! 
sign up 







latest news
the latest news and updates from jumpers rebound centre.








read more
        


30th april 24
jumpers at the south east regional championships 2024

          find out how your team has achieved at the south east regional championships 2024.
        









read more
        


17th october 22
english championships 2022

          jumpers had 22 entries for the english championships mixed between trampoline, synchro, dmt and tumbling. all in all we came away with 15 of these entries making a final and then three bronze medals, two silver medals and two gold medals, making 7 medals in total.
        









read more
        


3rd october 22
british championships 2022

          jumpers took a team of 12 gymnasts to birmingham for the british trampoline, tumbling and dmt championships. we had 2 taking part in dmt, 1 tumbler, 2 synchro pairs and 9 individual entries for trampoline.
        







read all



















jumpers rebound centre gillingham


home of champions

          jumpers rebound centre
mill road
gillingham
kent
me7 1hn        



+44(0) 1634 855507


info@trampoline.co.uk





stay connected



jumpers rebound centre on instagram


jumpers rebound centre on facebook


jumpers rebound centre on twitter









					twitter feed is not available at the moment.                








subscribe

do you want to know all the jrc news before everyone else does? 👀
subscribe to our mailing list! ⬇️





												first name											







												last name											







												email address											











 subscribe 














privacy policy

© jumpers rebound centre


website by extra hot communications

























