


k&j metal refinishers: northeast ohio




































about us

history
our team
services

golf clubs
laser engraving
3d printing





golf clubs

golf clubs
gallery
refinishing
irons
porting


laser engraving
3d printing
contact / get a quote
home







k & j









about k & j metal refinishers
at k&j, we are a family-owned business that "strives for quality." our business offers a wide range of metal refinishing services. my father and i both started at a musical instrument factory learning the polishing, buffing and tumbling processes.
our team
as my foreman, my father trained me to be the second half of a very productive team. after his retirement, i learned the art of metal plating -- indoor and outdoor household items, car, motorcycle and boat parts. from there, i began playing golf. having my deep-rooted interest in refinishing, i purchased a used set of clubs and applied my craftsmanship to them. in the midst of our 14th year of refinishing golf irons and putters, we average 320 units a month. now, it's my turn to pass the craft of refinishing down to my son.



services



golf clubs
we refinish all types of golf clubs, including irons, most putters and metal woods. we check the condition of your club and can perform many types of golf club repair.



laser engraving
we provide custom laser engraving, marking and etching on golf clubs, leather, marble, slate. our laser engraving services are food safe.



3d printing
custom 3d printing services.









golf clubs




now is the time to get your clubs out and put back that new look they once had. we expertly conduct all types of golf club refinishing, including irons, most putters, and metal woods. we check the condition of your club and can perform many types of golf club repair. are you taking adequate care of them? clubs that are well maintained will function better. plus, a well-cared-for appearance will boost your confidence!
check out our golf club refinishing gallery to see examples of our work
then go to the quote form, fill it out and receive a prompt, (free) quote using our online form.




our refinishing process
black oxides and raw finishes
finishes
chrome plated irons
stainless steel irons
other services

no polishing job is too small. our combined years of experience allow us to provide the quality you deserve. we will even do minor repairs when necessary to give your piece a quality look.
more info







boating
we can refinish your helmsman wheel, compass, portholes, cleats, bells, horns, and even the anchor. visit the boating refinishing gallery for images of our work. if re-plating is what you need, we nickel and chrome plate. and even do minor repairs when necessary.
please complete our quote form for an estimate.




why choose k & j?
quality
quick turnaround
35+ years of experience
free quotes
 

more info







boating refinishing gallery






back







porting


our process is to mill (port) 6 holes in the back of the club muscle, raising the center of gravity.
this moves the sweet spot to the center of the club, raising the center of gravity, just where it should be. your ball will have a lower more penetrating flight with a piercing trajectory and more control.

want to spin the ball like the pros?


we can transform your traditional "v" grooves on your irons to box grooves, giving you 10% more spin. also improves control and direction!
"research has proven that golfers lose almost 80 percent of their shots to par inside of 100 yards from the hole."
how many shots are your wedges costing you?


back































































































































































javascript





back






home fixtures

we specialize in the polishing, buffing and lacquering of a wide variety of parts. some of which are home hardware, handrails, lamps, candlesticks, chandeliers and much more. 
                            	view some of our work at our home fixtures gallery. we nickel, chrome plate, and even do minor repairs when necessary…

we no longer provide brass plating
home fixtures gallery






home fixtures refinishing gallery







view more images






home fixtures refinishing gallery




 

back





quote form

our 35+ years of experience allows us to provide the quality you deserve. we are unable to work on site.
click on the navigation links at the top to view the services we provide. fill it out the form below. we will get back to you with a, (free) quote using our online form.
download quote form






our 35+ years of experience allows us to provide the quality you deserve. we are unable to work on site.
click on the navigation links at the top to view the services we provide. fill it out the form to the right. we will get back to you with a (free) quote using our online form.
our address

                                        k & j metal refinishers llc. 
										9401 mentor ave. #304
										mentor, oh 44060
                                    

        								e-mail: quality@kjpolishing.com

sorry, no walk-ins.  delivery only.
monday - friday: 7:30am - 2:00pm





get a quote


 contact form submitted!
we will be in touch soon.




*this is not a valid name. *this field is required. 



*this is not a valid email address. *this field is required. 



*this is not a valid phone number. *this field is required. 


description of service or items required
*the message is too short. *this field is required. 





resetsubmit









our refinishing process

1.) remove head from shaft
2.) strip off chrome and nickel
3.) remove nicks and bag marks
4.) sandblast groove area
5.) apply chrome or black oxide
6.) paint fill all engravings
7.) re-install head to shaft



black oxides and raw finishes
advantages


softer feel
more control
lighter head - gives you more club speed and increases distance
 

disadvantages

will rust
more maintenance after each round - wipe down with oil rag



finishes

chrome
tour chrome (brushed)
black chrome
flat black chrome
nickel
black oxide (will rust)
raw (will rust)
tumbled
refinish stainless steel
metal woods repainting


all ping irons (copper beryllium as well)to give you that personal touch, any paint fill color.(a small fee for 3 or more colors)

irons & more services







stainless steel irons

remove head from shaft
remove nicks and buff
sandblast face
re-install head on shaft
paint fill all engravings (red, black or specify other)



chrome plated irons

remove head from shaft
strip off old chrome
remove nicks and buff
chrome-plate and sandblast face
re-install head on shaft
paint fill all engravings
									(red, black or specify other)



other services

re-grooving
re-shafting
re-gripping
loft/lie adjustments
adjust length of shaft

porting & how to spin the ball like the pros







our team
as my foreman, my father trained me to be the second half of a very productive team. after his retirement, i learned the art of metal plating. with that, came the indoor and outdoor household items, car, motorcycle and boat parts. from there, i began playing golf. having my deep-rooted interest in refinishing, i purchased a used set of clubs and applied my craftsmanship to them. in the midst of our 14th year of refinishing golf irons and putters, we average 320 units a month. now, it is my turn as the foreman to pass the craft of refinishing down to my son.

contact us











1
2

3

4


 
                


golf club refinishing
golf club repair








