







yoga miami – bobbi goldin – iyengar yoga in miami  since 1978









































 
search


responsive menu


yoga miami – bobbi goldin
iyengar yoga in miami  since 1978



yoga miami
about

about the school
about the staff
contact us


classes

class schedule
class descriptions


fees
events











bobbi goldin, director
teaching iyengar style hatha yogain the miami area since 1978
join us on zoom for all group classes and private sessions
in keeping with the spirit of yoga, classes are open to all regardless of race, creed, or financial ability to pay the established schedule of fees

welcome
yoga is for every body. regardless of your age, gender, fitness level or yoga experience,   yoga tones and strengthens the body and mind.  when we are strong and agile, life has more grace, poise and dignity..yoga miami-bobbi goldin offers a caring space and an appropriate class for you, under the guidance of our highly trained and compassionate teachers. our focus is on correct body alignment and the detailed composition of poses to assure your safety and maximize the benefits of each pose. our teachers practice and share the teachings of  b.k.s. iyengar who is one of the foremost teachers in the world and author of the classic text “light on yoga.” his style is unsurpassed in grace, subtlety and precision. we welcome you to study with us.

class schedule, fees and coming events

  check the class information page for the online class schedule.

  check the class fees page for information on paying for classes.

  check the events page for coming events.
for more information, contact us atbobbi goldin(305) 969-5999





 
 
join our mailing list

click on the subscribe link below.
an email message will appear.
fill in your name and email, then click send.
you will receive a confirmation email message, soon after you send us your request.
reply to the confirmation message and you will be on the list. you do not need to change anything in the reply message, just send it.

subscribe to the yogamiami newsletter




(305) 969-5999
contact us at:
bobbi goldin
bobbi goldin, director




 





copyright © 2025 yoga miami – bobbi goldin | theme by: theme horse |  powered by: wordpress 









