




3 john




 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close









 


3 john

history of
            the book of third john
 do you require an
          
          equipment lease agreement or a
          sublease agreement 
          ?  for more
          lease 
          agreements please visit legalmessenger.com








the
                        shortest book in the bible is called an epistle because
                        it is a letter that john wrote. there are two other
                        letters john wrote which are first john and second john.
                        in greek this epistle is called the "ioannou
                        gamma" or "ioannou g", which translates
                        the "third of john". it has only 14 verses,
                        but within it there are a lot of key points to help the
                        christian reader learn what true fellowship with other
                        believers (whether in our local christian church or from
                        other christian churches) is. 
                        
do you work as a contractor or do you need to hire a
                        contractor? then you need a contractor
                        agreement form, they offer state specific forms
                        including california
                        contractor agreement.
                        
 john wrote this letter
                        while in ephesus to a man named gaius who lived in asia.
                        the name gaius was common in the roman empire. in fact,
                        you will find other gaius' mentioned in the new
                        testament such as the gaius that traveled with paul from
                        macedonia in acts 19:29,the gaius of derbe in acts
                        20:4,and the gaius that hosted paul and got baptized by
                        paul in corinth in romans 16:23 and 1corinthians 1:14.
                        
need an eviction notice ? get your now at
                        landlordevictionnotice.com. each state has an eviction
                        notice template for previewing. 
in this letter, john encourages gaius to keep strong in
                          the faith and to love and receive other christians that
                          come to do god's work. he writes about the problem the
                          church is having with a man named diotrephes, who is not
                          doing the will of god. this letter teaches christians
                          how to receive fellow believers and not to be blinded by
                          the one's, such as diotrephes, in a church that are not
                          loving god's people as we are called to do.










 
other books of the bible to visit is leviticus,
        1peter, 2peter,
        deuteronomy,  2
        john

need parental controls
        ?  protect your job by using content cleaner to remove
        porn now.
        
 
        














