














cobra custom tattoo | plymouth, ma 02360














































home
gallery
instagram
 

 

faq
store
contact
 



 






 





home
gallery
instagram
faq
store
contact
 







 




















cobra custom tattoo is massachusetts’ first and finest tattoo shop.
located in historic downtown plymouth, we represent world class tattooing at its best.
our highly qualified and knowledgable team of artists offer all styles ranging from small walk-in tattoos to large scale custom body art.














gallery


forrest |  
nick | 
jae |
steve















forrest























nick























jae























steve


















faq


q: i want a new tattoo, what is the process?
we have full staff of artists that cover all styles of tattooing. we are available tuesday through saturday 11am-7pm for walk-ins on a first come, first served basis or for tattoos made by appointment. there is always someone available to help answer any questions you may have and to guide you toward getting a great new tattoo. all are welcome to stop by the shop or to call for more information.
q: do i need to have an appointment?
not necessarily, we are available for walk-in tattoos daily as well as walk-in consultations for larger scale tattoos or appointments.
q: where are you located?
we are located at 26 main st, right in downtown plymouth, ma. we are on the second floor right next door to su casa. see below for directions, maps and contact information.
q: what forms of payment are acceptable?
we accept cash and all major credit cards.
q: how old must i be to get a tattoo?
to be tattooed here you must be at least 18 years of age with a photo id. (i.e. drivers license, passport, military identification)
q: i got my new tattoo and it looks great, but what’s next?
upon completion of your new tattoo, your artist will go over the aftercare process as well as provide you with an aftercare sheet to take home. you should apply an all natural based ointment sparingly on your tattoo while it heals. we recommend hustle butter deluxe which we sell here at the shop and always have available. of course, if you have any questions at all during the healing process, please do not hesitate to stop by the shop or call.
q: is there anything else i should know before coming in/booking an appointment?
we do have a few simple courtesies we ask from our clientele, they are as follows.
-we ask for a security deposit to hold any appointments. a single appointment is $50, for multiple appointments the deposit is $100 and will be deducted from the cost of your tattoo when completed.
-eating before your appointment would be wise. food however is not allowed on premises. please allow enough time to prepare for your appointment.
-if you are running late for your appointment please inform us by phone.
-please, no children or pets allowed.
-we cannot tattoo you if you are under the influence of drugs or alcohol, pregnant, or a minor.
-if you must reschedule, we ask for at least 48 hours notice.
-any and all deposits are non-refundable.
we hope these answers have been helpful to you and we look forward to working with you soon!
-thank you
cobra custom tattoo staff





















contact


cobra custom tattoo
26 main street
plymouth, ma 02360
phone: 1-508-747-8135
email: cobracustom@hotmail.com
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastphone number *please enter a valid phone numberemail *please give a detailed description of the tattoo you're looking to get. *approximately how big would you like the tattoo to be? *please describe using actual measurements; do not write small, medium, large, or "palm-sized". example: baseball sized/ 3x3 incheswhere is the tattoo going to be placed on the body? *please select the desired style of tattoo. *american traditionalfine lineillustrativetraditional japaneserealismcover-up/ reworkplease select if you are unsure what style your tattoo would be.do you have a specific artist you would like to work with? if so, who?our artists portfolios are located on this website and instagram @cobracustomtattooplease attach any and all photo references you have for this tattoo. *




click or drag files to this area to upload.
you can upload up to 10 files.



what days/ times are you available throughout the week? *the shop is open tuesday- saturday 11:00am- 7:00pmemailsubmit 












 

















 







































