





the inn at dresden | the inn sets a precedent like no other









































 














  








   
   
   








the inn sets a precedent like no other
                209 ames drive - dresden, oh 43821
                telephone: 740.754.1122  -  fax: 740.754.9856
              toll free 1.800.dresden  (373.7336)
























            our beautiful inn with a million dollar view!


          






            rest, relax, restore!


          






            just a sample of some of the delicious food at the inn!


          






            so many gorgeous  views for you to enjoy!


          






            there is always so much to see at the inn!


          






            no matter the season, you will always feel nice and cozy at the inn!


          






            looking for a venue? groups large or small, we can cater to all!


          






            slow down, rest and enjoy one of our many beautiful views!


          


















 
main menuwelcome dog
home
photo gallery
video virtual tours
accommodations

room amenities
terms and conditionsrates and policies


business accommodations

meetings, retreats and seminars
golf


amenities

local activities
4-course dinner
special menu additions
about the area
packages

thanksgiving
deck
celebrations package
weekend getaway
all seasons package




weddings
events
about the owner

history
directions
reviews
gift certificate


search our website






   recent posts 

a bee celebration and a celebration of life!


my tesla was almost out of power…thank you allen and joy!


longaberger and beyond!


frisia’s big day!


sensational spring!


 














the perfect balance of romance, luxury and charm with a million dollar view!

the inn sets a precedent like no other.
  it defines service.
  it defines perfection.

 
nestled on the hilltop overlooking the quaint village of dresden, the inn at dresden is rich with history. the 9,000 square foot inn is the former home of dave longaberger, founder of the longaberger company which is known for its handmade baskets. the unique charm of the home as well as the 10 themed guest rooms is a direct reflection of the exquisite taste and craftsmanship of the former owner and the village of dresden.                                                                                                                                                     
 
weddings at the inn at dresden             

the inn at dresden is an excellent location for weddings. the inn provides a delightful setting for a small, intimate wedding or if your dream wedding is large and you’re looking for the perfect outdoor wedding location where guests can spread out and have a grand time, then the expansive pavilion with it’s all inclusive amenities is the right choice for that very special day. dave longaberger’s original dining room can seat sixteen for a formal dinner. the inn can house up to 29 people in 10 distinctive rooms. the handsome rooms, the grand piano, the outstanding views and other amenities make for a memorable occasion. 


we invite you to visit our weddings website page to view all the important details that will help you plan for that once in a lifetime occasion. 
 
click here to visit the inn at dresden weddings website page. 
click here to visit the inn at dresden events website page. 
click here to visit our photo gallery website page for memories captured forever in time.
 
tripadvisor awards 2015 – 2022 – click on the image below to see our current travelers’ choice award letter or 

the inn at dresden gift certificates available in any amount from $100.










 
2014 © the inn at dresden websites by pugh impact marketing



 




back to top




  
 
 
 









