




historical information: railroads of new jersey


















raildata.railfan.net presents:
the fallen flag railroads of new.jersey

















a retrospective look at new jersey's railroads
			through maps, track and physical characteristics profiles, operating rules, timetables in the pre conrail and new
			jersey transit era.














click on rr herold to start your journey.








the maps presented are large files: none exceed 400kb. 



new jersey railroads:




overview map, 1946
waterfront terminals, ca. 1950 (200kb)




railroad maps:




map index





chessie steam special memory:





photo runby shot
large photo
chessie steam special tour 46: richmond, va to balcony falls, va via the c&o's james river division, october
										7, 1978, with ex-reading t-1 2101 on the lead.







norac signal aspect demonstrator:

java applet lists signal rules, names, indications and shows the lineside signal
						installation. an interactive track diagram demonstrates the relationship between the occupied block and signal
						indications.
track panel (java enabled browsers required.)




what's new at raildata








types of data to be found:



track profiles-





diagrams drawn by the railroad's engineering department, usually
										straight line, that show main track configuration, vertical and horizontal alignment, interlockings, sidings, grade
										crossings, bridges, and stations.





interlocking diagrams-


 


these diagrams show interlocking details including block stations, signals, track
										and switch arrangements. drawings are prepared by the railroad's signal department. more detailed diagrams may
										include features seen on track profiles.





automatic signal diagrams-


 


similar to interlocking diagrams, but will show signal systems in detail.





grade profiles-


 


diagrams, usually a division, showing grade as a function of distance. the horizontal
										axis is distance in miles. the vertical axis is elevation in feet above sea level. the slope of the line is in
										degrees or percent. ruling grade and direction are given.





rule books-


 


also known as rules of the operating department, these books define terms to
										be used by crews in the operation of trains such as speed, track designations, forms, hand signals, classification
										lights, whistles, fixed signals, block operation, and general job responsibilities.





signal aspects-


 


usually found in the rule book, but may also be found in employee timetables. this
										publication illustrates the appearance of a fixed signal and prescribes the operation of the train as the signal
										is approached.





employee timetables-


 


published by the railroad as a whole system timetable or by division. the ett contains
										the schedules of trains operating within its scope as well as any variation on standard rules or signals.





public timetables-


 


issued by the railroad and distributed to the traveling public.





official railway guide-


 










please sign my guestbook





view guestbook




thank you for your visit!























railfans have visited this site since december.9, 1998








presentation and site content copyright ©1998, 1999, 2000 henry j sundermeyer
last modified: tuesday, july 25, 2000 at 8:00pm

all items, unless noted, are from the collection of the author.



please report dead or broken links to:




sunderhjnospam@railfan.net



remove the "nospam" from the address to use. this action prevents spammers from
						harvesting the address for the purpose of sending junk.

















































[ previous | next | random | list | join ]




























