





ohio grotto – cave explorers society





































 







skip to content



  support@ohiogrotto.com
213 campbell rd.
  (513) 220-6733







 







search for:
search for:



x




 


 
menu





search for:
search for:



x





home
about us
grotto history
charity
grotto facts
toledo ohio rentals
support
 









ohio grotto

cave explorers society






 



home 

 
party bus toledo ohio rentals 

 

whether you’re headed to a big dance, sporting event, or concert, a party bus toledo ohio is the perfect way to get around town in style and comfort. even if you’re not going to be attending a major event, a toledo party bus can help you get from point a to point b without hassle. these buses can accommodate large groups and offer you a comfortable ride in style and comfort. and of course, your group’s driver is a professional who knows his or her way around town. you’ll be able to enjoy the night to the fullest with these buses.
party bus rentals just a way you like it

the best part of renting a toledo party bus is that you can take it anywhere you’d like, and that includes to wine bars, golf courses, and other attractions. no matter what your budget, you’ll be sure to find a limo that suits your needs. the best part is that you’ll have the luxury of a chauffeur for the entire duration of your trip! you can be assured that your toledo party bus will arrive in style and comfort and that you’ll be the envy of everyone you see.
the party bus will take you anywhere you need to go. you can stop at bars and clubs to watch a game, or you can visit the hollywood casino and watch the mud hens. you’ll never run out of entertainment in toledo, and you’ll never have to worry about carpooling or having a designated driver again. plus, you’ll be dropped off at your venue by your chauffeur. it will be a day you won’t forget!
the toledo area has plenty to offer

you can hire a party bus to get around the city and do whatever you want to do. there’s something for everyone to do in this town, and a toledo party bus will make your trip even more enjoyable. you can take your guests to wine bars, or play a round of golf at inverness golf club. there’s also a clubhouse where you and your friends can relax and enjoy your night out.
the toledo area offers many things to do. a party bus in toledo is a fun way to see them all. from wine bars to museums, there’s something to please every taste. you can spend the night in one of these venues or enjoy a movie theater with your friends. using a party bus is an excellent way to travel around this part of the state. with a party bus, you can have a blast without leaving the airport or the city center.
a party bus is a great way to get around town. when you rent a limo, you can enjoy the sights and the sounds of toledo, while avoiding the hassles of parking and carpooling. a limousine also makes it easier for you to enjoy a night out. it’s the best way to get to all the parties you’ve ever had! and it’s not just fun, it’s safe too.

 
facts you’ll want to know 

 

holiday inn – cincinnati riverfront – 600 west 3rd st., covington ky. reservations must be made before may 2, 2016. the cost of a room is $89.00 plus tax per night. phone: 859-291-4300, block under ohio grotto association name.
friday night: welcome party hospitality room. reconnect with old friends and make new acquaintances. there are many good things to eat.
saturday lunch: we are holding all activities in one place, the holiday inn. everyone will have lunch there.

menu: we will make our own hamburgers (50-calorie food), with all the trimmings. all condiments, cream soup/vegetable soup and french fries will be included with all burgers. also, you can get cookies/brownies, tea/coffee, soda, and water.
after lunch, the men will remain at the hotel to have their meeting. the ladies will be taken to the cincinnati art museum for a guided tour.
tour: the cincinnati art museum was established in 1881, and it opened its doors in 1886. the museum houses paintings by many european masters as well as a large collection of american artists like frank duveneck. the art museum has a remarkable collection of 60,000 pieces that spans 6000 years. also located on the premises, is the cincinnati art museum gift shop. saturday tours will take place from 2-4pm. lunch price includes transportation and cost.

saturday night: doors open at 5:15pm and dinner begins at 6pm. all american 50’2 buffet dinner. salad with seasonal greens/assorted salad dressings, slow-roasted pot roast with gravy and steamed carrots. dinner rolls are available as well as a variety of dessert cobbles. entertainment.
your 50s look best. ladies: poodle skirts and saddle oxfords for ladies, rolled up jeans, ponytails, flips, and rolled-up jeans. blue jeans, teshirts, leather jackets and boots for guys. don’t forget da hair!
we look forward to seeing you on may 13-14, 2016.

 
charitable works of the grotto 

 

the grottoes of north america, a masonic affiliated body, has been around since the late 1880’s. since the 1940’s, we have been providing support for children suffering from cerebral palsy. as we served cerebral palsy kids, it was obvious that special needs children needed assistance with dental care.
as an additional charity project, special needs dentistry was established in 1970. we currently work with local doctors and clinics to provide dental care for children with a variety of disabilities and developmental needs.
our program was expanded to help pediatric organ transplant patients in 2000. we ensure that their mouths remain clean and free of infection before they undergo surgery. before treatment can be provided, children must be pre-qualified.
you can help a child’s family by providing financial assistance to cover the cost of their dental treatment. if you have any questions about how to join a grotto, or in other states, please send us an email

 
grotto history, m.o.v.p.e.r. 

 

the mystic order of veiled prophets of the enchanted realm is an organization created by master masons. although it is not directly related to masonry, membership is strictly restricted to master masons who are in good standing. it is primarily a club for good, wholesome fun and frolic. however, it has its serious side. this motto is called good fellowship and is evident in the way it interacts with fellowmen.
many hamilton lodge n0 members were active in hamilton lodge n0 for many years before 1889. f.& a.m. 120 at hamilton, new york sought to relax from the more serious duties of life through informal meetings for fun, fellowship, and relaxation. leroy fairchild was the main spirit behind the fun. in the summer 1889, he and his loyal band of friends discovered the enchanted realm, where they, along with their successors, found a rich heritage. on the 10th of september 1889, this first meeting was held. at this meeting, it was decided that only master masons of good standing should be allowed to join the organization.
the order’s idea was immediately appealing. many prominent masons entered the enchanted realm, and were delighted and charmed by its beauty. the order was too large to be restricted to one location. in response to urgent requests, the “f.d.c.” was established on the 13th june 1890. the supreme council of the mystic order of veiled prophets of the enchanted realm was duly established and constituted.
it is a social group for master masons and all are welcome to the enchanted realm. it promotes renewed interest in blue lodge field activities and attendance. although it is not and does not claim to be a part symbolic craft masonry we always remember that our membership is entirely master masons.
this ritual is unique and original. this spectacular ritual requires thirty (30) actors or more. it also offers endless opportunities for stunt performances and stage activities. the proper performance requires a large stage, elaborate costumes and stage settings. it’s mysterious, captivating and dramatic with a persian atmosphere. it is filled with fun and a sense of joy, but it also teaches a valuable lesson. the initiate will be able to feel a sense of optimism, a feeling of brotherhood, and a sense of good fellowship. this is something that is highly desired.
it is clear that the grotto has a rightful place and is doing great work. it extends good fellowship to master masons and has a smile for all, but a frown for none.

 
learn more about us 

 

what the ohio grotto association does to help the grotto
1) the association meetings bring together the grottoes of the area for fun and fellowship. it is a place for grottoes from all walks of life to get together and make new friends. it’s where our sweethearts, ladies, and families can have fun without worrying about non masonic issues. this is the grotto. the grotto is a party-oriented group, whether you like it or not.
there is also a business aspect. the stated association meeting allows elected officers from each grotto to discuss problems and find solutions. this is an opportunity for each monarch and chief justice, as well as master of ceremonies, to share their schedules with the rest of grottoes in order to determine if there are conflicts.
based on information provided by grottoes, the president of the association should assign his officers visits based on that information. remember that the association cannot make by-laws that will affect a grotto. only the grotto can do this with the approval from the juris & laws committee of the supreme council.
2) the associations allow for communication between the 22 grottoes through word of mouth, the web-site, and the communicator. all member grottoes have the ability to post their functions on the oga website. you can reach the communicator via the internet or by mail. this is sent to every secretary.
three gatherings are held each year: a february meeting, a may meeting, and an august convention. this is a chance for members of the grotto to get together. these functions have helped me make many friends.
what would you like the ohio grotto association to do for you?
in 1924, the ohio grotto association (oga), held its first state convention. it is still thriving today, even though much of its early history seems to have been lost. this association includes all grottoes from ohio, as well as several others in surrounding states such pennsylvania, west virginia, kentucky, and west virginia.
the association’s purpose is to coordinate activities among member grottoes, and encourage visitoration between grottoes. to facilitate communication among all grottoes within the realm, and to bring them closer together.
members attend two one-day zones conferences each year. there are two one-day zone conferences in february and may. a four-day state convention may also be held at any time. usually, august. each year, the location of the state convention and zone varies. the state convention is usually held in the grotto which hosts the zone conference in may.
the black fez is worn with the red tassel. we also use the symbol of an ancient persian ruler, which was chosen only for their appeal in early 1900’s. it is not connected to any political or religious group.



 


















important pages

party bus toledo ohio rentals
facts you’ll want to know
charitable works of the grotto
grotto history, m.o.v.p.e.r.
learn more about us


 





				powered by wordpress			

				all rights reserved  © ohio grotto			
				fast press theme by seos themes




















