




















































	welcome | dino micheli realty | search for properties in illinois



skip to main content


dino micheli realty



 

















    home
    
    






    listing presentation
    
    






    neighborhood info
    
    
        




del webb sun city huntley


sun city models and information


huntley all


algonquin


barrington


crystal lake homes


carpentersville


elgin/south elgin


gilberts


hampshire


lake in the hills homes


pingree grove_hampshire


woodstock







    search
    
    
        




get our valuable free newsletter







    what's your home worth
    
    






    resources
    
    
        




finance tools


buyers info


sellers info


owning your home


mortgage info


investing advice


neighborhood info







    contact
    
    








 



sign in
register










 dino  micheli dino gets the deal done!   

search by city, zip code, school district, or mls#









search by city, zip code, or mls#




 search
    





       
dino micheli realty


847-922-4241

email

facebook linkedin blog 
 welcome to "dino micheli realty"our company is a multifaceted business that operates with you, the customer, at the forefront of our day-to-day operations. we are well known and respected in the community and our philosophies are based on both honesty and integrity. as a client centered business, you will receive personal service and be backed by a reputable company.our company is a boutique company. our owner is a real estate professional with over 20 years experience as a top agent with dino micheli realty, remax and coldwell banker and a consistent multimillion dollar sales volume. our marketing power is much greater than a local office that only employs a few agents. a key to selling your home is to draw buyers from a much greater area than where your home is located. the buyer of your home will most likely come from outside the area, and that is where our marketing power is second to none.we implement multi-level marketing strategies that benefit our clients with every transaction. our company is dedicated to maintaining a professional, trustworthy relationship with our clients.as a real estate professional, i am ready to assist you with all of your real estate needs. my approach is customized for each client, my solutions are never one-size-fits-all! give me a call or send an email when you are ready to visit some homes or to schedule a free no obligation home selling consultation. i look forward to working with you!    

how much is your home worth?
get an instant home value estimate

 


 get report  




  


search for homes
search




explore communities
explore




ask a question
contact


   




home
search
contact
sitemap




dino micheli realty


office address
dino micheli realty
13586 windy prairie drive
huntley, il 60142
phone: 847-922-4241


contact

phone: 847-922-4241

email: dinomicheli@comcast.net


specialist in
e-pro



facebook linkedin blog 


copyright © 2025 mredselectsites.com  
 agent website tools      agent crm

privacy policy | 
terms of use

website designed by constellation1, a division of constellation web solutions, inc.






