
auction by email













home
 | 

fred's auction gallery
 | 


fred's store
 | 

contact





welcome





welcome to auctionbyemail.com! we are proud to offer live, on-line, weekly auctions with 100+ great items each week for you to bid on. our popular auction system is fun and easy to use. try it out!



bidding





website auction terms and conditions

website auction increments


condition ratings for descriptions

delivery




there's more than one way to bid at fred's auction! you can bid on our ongoing, weekly, 
web auctions as well as our 
ebay auctions. bidders can bid in person, online, by phone, or by email. email recipients will also be 
notified of any additional auctions managed by fred. (ie. police, charity, estate)
become a member, join now. it's free. 




consigning




details - 
services - 
general rules

fees - 
reserves - 
best items to sell




fred's auction gallery offers many services
to help consignors get the most for their items! there is always a certain level of risk when 
one sells at auction. it is very important that one be ready to sell, and willing to accept the 
results- win, lose or draw. if you have decided to consign merchandise at fred's auction gallery, 
please review our  fees and  general rules  and 
feel free to contact us if you have any questions or concerns. your 
business is very important to us!




























current members
	click here to modify account.





fred's auction services
central massachusett's #1 auction serviceestablished 1976





check out our current weekly "antiques and collectibles" auction going on now... 

weekly auctions end every saturday at noon (or as soon as the bidding has ended)


click here to view our auction items as : 
list 
or
gallery



there will be a new auction listing every week, but the items will not be available for viewing online until the actual start of the auction.however, you may visit fred's auction gallery in lunenburg for an on-site inspection of any of the upcoming or current items for bid, anytime during the hours of : 

monday - wednesday 12-6 p.m.
thursday 12-8 p.m.
friday 12-6 p.m.
saturday 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.

 leominster high school alumni: click here to check out the popular leominster hs alumni website



fred's auction gallery gift certificate's are available in any denomination, for any occasion!!!
 
they can be used at fred's auction house, or 
fred's auction gallery (a.k.a - www.auctionbyemail.com)

stop in, give us a call, or send us an email.  
 
upon request, we will even send the gift certificates out to you or the specified recipient.







free counters provided by honesty.com.









