







main - center for civic reflection






















































































 




skip to content









facebooktwitterinstagram

register for training
donate
















  


search for:










aboutwhat is civic reflectionhistorystaffcontactcommunitypartnersvolunteerleadershiptrainingfacilitationcase studiesdialoguecivic reflectionpublicationsresources 


search for:










aboutwhat is civic reflectionhistorystaffcontactcommunitypartnersvolunteerleadershiptrainingfacilitationcase studiesdialoguecivic reflectionpublicationsresourcesaboutwhat is civic reflectionhistorystaffcontactcommunitypartnersvolunteerleadershiptrainingfacilitationcase studiesdialoguecivic reflectionpublicationsresources 










search for:






















maindeveloper2022-10-06t18:41:47+00:00 
as the global center for civic reflection activities, the center provides outreach, training, and direct facilitation activities to the immediate community, state, region, and beyond. this includes a freely-available database of civic reflection objects, trainings, and support.
community
let us show you how civic reflection can help deepen the sense of community within your group.
learn more
leadership
develop your own skills such as critical thinking, interpersonal communication and conflict resolution.
learn more
dialogue
learning how to facilitate civic reflections can foster constructive dialogue between all members of a group or organization.
learn more




 
 





register for training interested in signing up for a civic reflection training?
register now
 

donate please consider making a donation to our parent organization, the institute for public affairs and civic engagement. your donation makes it possible to continue growing our organization and offering services across the country.

donate now


 

publications 

view publications


 

contact the center for civic reflection
salisbury university
salisbury, maryland
t. 410.677.5054
civicreflection@salisbury.edu

 

 
 
 





© 2021 the center for civic reflection. all rights reserved.	


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





center for civic reflection the center for civic reflection is a national leader in dialogue and reflection. we use readings, images and videos to engage people in deep, productive conversation about issues that impact their communities and work in the world—a practice that we call civic reflection. we have trained more than 7,000 people to facilitate these discussions in their organizations and communities, and led over 20,000 people in public, community, and workplace dialogues.

 

browse library 


search for:


















 






 
 













go to top



