

hand-cut wooden jigsaw puzzles by mgc heirloom hand cut wooden puzzle maker handcrafted wooden jigsaw puzzles














 
 
 
 
my three more  modern websites...
 



visit out new mgcpuzzles website!

visit my 
pinnacle puzzles site!




custommadepuzzles.com


pinnaclepuzzles.com




 
jigsawpuzzlelovers.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
mgc
  custom hand-cut wooden jigsaw puzzles & fine art
for collectors worldwide!





custom wooden jigsaw puzzles
up to jumbo size 30" x 40"
personalized  wooden jigsaw puzzles
            with up to 2,600+ puzzle pieces!
experience my amazing world of 
100% hand cut wooden jigsaw puzzles
no computers
no templates 
no laser burned puzzles
no flimsy cardboard
yes, every puzzle is a handcrafted original work of art by a master puzzle cutter with  36,000+ hours of scroll saw puzzle cutting experience over the last 29 years!






1) prices
-- jigsaw puzzles for adults- collectors
-- children
                  - large puzzles - kids & corporate
-- jumbo oversized / big puzzles - corporate
2) corporate events & training puzzles 
3) wedding
                  guest book puzzles 
4) "magnetic" wooden puzzles
5) pre-made puzzles ready to ship.
6) panoramic
                  puzzles

7)  
8) lead times & rush orders
 9) marriage
                  proposal puzzles


10)
                  digital specs < 24"x36"
digital specs > 24" x 36"
11)shipping
                  & handling 
12) jane
                  wooster scott - americana folk art
13) royce
                mcclure - colorful images!












since june 28
        of 1995 i have
          shipped 7,451 of my "hand signed and numbered" handcrafted, personalized, wooden jigsaw
            puzzles worldwide. i have also made, and shipped over 4,261 additional
            smaller less intricate "non numbered" custom jigsaw
            puzzles used for purposes like corporate  training, ice breakers, and corporate trade show contest puzzles. 
(as of december 5, 2024)


enlarge
            the front 
              butterfly heart wooden jigsaw puzzle
view this butterfly jigsaw puzzle
          in the art gallery



enlarge the back
view this butterfly jigsaw puzzle 
        in the art gallery







custom marriage proposal puzzles



puzzle enthusiasts
try these pages:
            1) history
              of the jigsaw puzzle
2) collecting jigsaw
          puzzles
3) how mgc puzzles got started




click here to enlarge 




 




artists featured
              in the online
art gallery include...






jane wooster scott
world famous
limited edition hand signed and numbered
                serigraph and lithograph art prints.
                over 215 wonderful americana
                  images.






royce mcclure
colorful marine
                and wildlife artist
            35 image


click to enlarge it.
                  more information about this
                puzzle can be found here.








            audubon jigsaw puzzle - american robin 
an incredibly intricate, detailed outline cut, with drop out spaces, to truly bring the puzzle to a level of superior craftsmanship and quality. a family heirloom for any jigsaw puzzle lover! 

welcome to mgcpuzzles.com
my name is mark cappitella, and i have one of the rarest professions in the world! i am a master jigsaw puzzle maker! my unique hand cut wooden jigsaw puzzles are some of the finest quality
            wood  puzzles produced in the world today. i am a veteran owned business (usmc 1985-1989)
many 
            of my hand cut wood jigsaw puzzles are custom made to order, and personalized using my clients favorite works of art. 
corporate events
i love to help corporate event planners, and hr business partners to succeed in pulling off employee appreciation and training with fun and excitement. i have 28 years of puzzle making experience that is instantly your personal asset, to work with you in designing and developing interactive and informative puzzles to accomplish your goal!
team building - ice breakers - product training - sales training - trade show interactive displays - giant over sized puzzles for convention stage presentations of new logos, and mission statements... i have done it all. just call me, so that i can help you!
wedding puzzles
the wedding world loves my "wedding guest book puzzles" (i am the original maker of the very first wedding guest book puzzle back in may 1998. i even made the cover of in-style wedding magazine in 2000), as well as marriage proposals and wedding favor oversized puzzle pieces. call me, i will help you and work with you to make your special event / moment as special as possible


pre-made puzzles
some of my puzzles are pre-cut and can be found  on my other web site, custommadewoodenjigsawpuzzles.com my
            handcrafted puzzles make a very unique and extra special
            gift for the person who has everything, as well as for the avid jigsaw
            puzzle enthusiast. 
holidays
i custom hand cut jigsaw puzzles for
            any holiday or special occasion that you can
              think of. in addition to what i mentioned above, i make puzzles for just about any reason you can dream up! 
occasions
puzzles to bar mitzvahs & bat
            mitzvah ceremonies, autism awareness, alzheimer's, birthdays, bridal showers, baby showers, house warming, client appreciation gifts to anniversaries celebrations... the ideas and reasons for a custom made puzzle are virtually endless

          enlarge - handmade puzzle
          audubon jigsaw puzzle - (reverse) american robins



          enlarge
jameson irish whiskey puzzle
\
every one of my handcrafted wooden
          jigsaw puzzles is a one of a kind original work of art.  they are a completely personalized treasure and keepsake for you
            and your family and friends, or as simple as a 12 piece company training puzzle. 
i cater everyone
 from the the serious adult
            jigsaw puzzle enthusiast who seeks a masterfully hand cut jigsaw puzzle with tricks, in a flowing style that is comforting to the eyes and to the touch, to grandparents wanting to get their young school age children a memorable gift, to prototype handcrafted puzzles, and even requests for things hand cut from wood that are not even a jigsaw puzzle. 
children
 yes, i do make my children 
            jigsaw puzzles    40, 75+ pieces for younger school age children. use your childs personal art - 
seniors
for senior adults, who suffer from declining eye sight or hand dexterity decline, i make custom jigsaw puzzles with oversized pieces. imagine a poster size handmade puzzle that has just 100-500 larger, easier to see and hold puzzle pieces, as opposed to 1000-2000 tiny pieces, that is too much effort for them to enjoy. yes, i make my handcrafted puzzles to cater to your unique needs. 


no image of your own?
          no problem!
you can select from the many wonderful fine
            art prints available inside my online art gallery. 
photo touch-up
i offer image scanning and
            enlargement services as well, allowing you to send me pretty
            much any image you want to be scanned and enlarged into your
            custom wooden jigsaw puzzle. do you have an old photo that is not in
            the best condition? i also do some mild to moderate digital air
              brushing to gently restore your  photo, eliminate
          small age stains, minor tears, and small scratches.


            enlarge
bambitini wood jigsaw puzzle 

creative playful puzzles cut from whimsical images that you send to me in high resolution, or the few i have enjoyed making that are in my online shops. 





 



virtually any idea
          is possible when making custom cut wooden jigsaw puzzles. my ideas and examples page has some great information for
            you to read, as well as pictures of some of the previous puzzles
            i have made. i invite you to call me so that we can talk about
            your ideas for your custom puzzle, as well as having me answer
            any additional questions you may have. 
 my many past experiences of hand crafting over 6,070 completely unique and wonderful personalized jigsaw puzzles, may help
          you in adding a little direction and flair to how we will create
          your's. call me 
 i look forward to speaking
          with you about making a jigsaw puzzle, soon. as well as to the
          opportunity of creating a personalized wooden jigsaw puzzle that
          you, or someone very special in your life, will truly enjoy and
          cherish. my jigsaw puzzles will likely become family treasures
          and heirlooms that your family will proudly pass on to the future
          generations. if maintained and cared for properly, it is anyone's
          guess as to how many generations my wooden jigsaw puzzles will
          be enjoyed. 
 you may also purchase any
          art print at your local art store or framing shop, that appeals
          to you, and send it to me to be custom made into your special
          wooden puzzle. additionally, i even accept photo scans sent
            to me via e-mail or via cd for larger image files. 



enlarge puzzle image


 custom puzzles for adults, 
          challenge jigsaw puzzles, unique marriage
            proposal puzzles, wedding
              guest book puzzles as well as my oversized jigsaw puzzles for corporate events. 
  i  also make custom children puzzles that are jigsaw puzzles with 9 to 100 or more large pieces with oversized dimension so that the individual puzzle pieces are large. little hands or seniors of advanced age, can easily manipulate and enjoy solving these puzzles. you can even request
          magnets for a magnetic jigsaw puzzle, so that it can stick to
          your home refrigerator, office filing cabinet, or magnetic dry erase board.




home

ordering using
              your images 
etsy shop pre-made 
custom shop

puzzles for adults

puzzles for kids

corporate event puzzles


the original 
 guest books puzzle




smart phone friendly site



magnetic puzzles



large | oversized puzzles| 
                jumbo | big | giant


panoramic puzzles


lead time & rush


jane wooster scott
                art


contact mark



 

  





                handcrafted wooden jigsaw puzzles

                handmade wood jigsaw puzzles


disassembled and boxed hand cut wooden jigsaw puzzles
with over 1000 pieces each. note the special shaped pieces.
special figural puzzle pieces are placed on top of the regular pieces. enlarge image


 
 








.





made in the usa
100% handcrafted, custom made
wooden jigsaw puzzles






home

ordering using
        your images 
etsy shop pre-made 
custom shop

puzzles for adults

puzzles for kids

corporate event puzzles


the original 
 guest book puzzle




smart phone friendly site



magnetic puzzles



large | oversized puzzles| 
          jumbo | big | giant


panoramic puzzles


lead time & rush


jane wooster scott
          art


contact mark














copyright © 1995 to 2024 - mgcpuzzles.com
        all rights reserved.



   custom made jigsaw puzzles |   personalized jigsaw puzzles | wooden jigsaw puzzles |  custom puzzle maker |   personalized jigsaw puzzles | custom glamor puzzles |  custom made puzzles |   personalized puzzle maker |  site map |    links resources






custom  wooden jigsaw puzzles - hand cut wooden jigsaw puzzles
  - custom  jigsaw puzzles for adults - 
  personalized photo puzzles for children
  - custom handcrafted jigsaw puzzles - jigsaw puzzle maker manufacturer

 



