
















 
home | people management



























 













skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to footer
home page













cipd login


pm daily newsletter sign-up


advertise













peoplemanagement






search
menu






menu




news


employment law


opinion


features

show

features
people management
work. magazine




people


magazine


pm jobs ⬈


pm insight ⬈




 
search search























 christian school worker sacked for posts opposing lgbtq+ lessons wins ‘landmark’ appeal – what does the decision mean for employers?

lawyers say court of appeal ruling provides ‘authoritative’ guidance for hr around protection of religious and philosophical beliefs at work






latest news





law firm restricts ai use as employee dependence grows – how can hr balance ethics and efficiency?





                                    19 february 2025
                                        by islam soliman
                                
commentators encourage businesses to educate and provide guidelines for staff using the tech, as legal company logs more than 30,000 chatgpt visits in one week





pay increases persist as job vacancies decline, latest ons data shows





                                    18 february 2025
                                        by mahalia mayne
                                
but commentators say businesses are ‘continuing to tread water’ and need support to achieve ‘real growth and an uplift’ in the economy





mps push for four-day work week: are businesses prepared to make this shift?





                                    18 february 2025
                                        by freddie clemo
                                
as experts point to growing evidence of significant wellbeing benefits, people management looks at whether a shorter week is the future of employment





keir starmer labelled an ‘hr manager' – but what’s so wrong with that?





                                    18 february 2025
                                        by mahalia mayne
                                
people management considers how the profession can reshape outdated perceptions and assert its ‘indisputably critical’ role in organisations





employers face biggest redundancy surge in a decade as hiring confidence plummets, cipd research finds





                                    17 february 2025
                                        by mahalia mayne
                                
organisation calls on government to fast track business and skills policies, as commentators advocate for long-term, strategic approach to workforce planning





petition calls for rights to career breaks for parents of seriously ill children – is it time lawmakers listened?





                                    17 february 2025
                                        by islam soliman
                                
experts say legal protection for mothers and fathers is ‘lacking’, urging firms to recognise this reality and find ways to support employees





tv chef accused of sexually inappropriate behaviour – should employers be doing more?





                                    17 february 2025
                                        by isabel jackson
                                
as allegations against gino d’acampo continue to dominate headlines, people management examines how businesses can ensure staff feel comfortable speaking up





marketing executive whose female boss said ‘sorry boys’ loses sex discrimination case





                                    14 february 2025
                                        by mahalia mayne
                                
video evidence determined balloon company employee's recollection of events was ‘flawed’ as panel also rejected claim for unfair dismissal





sexual harassment cases spike after legal reform, data shows – how can hr ensure compliance?





                                    14 february 2025
                                        by islam soliman
                                
number of inquiries from both businesses and employees more than doubled in 2024, prompting calls for employers to train managers and adopt zero-tolerance policies





nearly half of workers have experienced workplace discrimination, study finds





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by freddie clemo
                                
similar proportion believe they have been denied jobs because of a protected characteristic, prompting calls for businesses to ‘move beyond awareness’





‘costly burden’: businesses spend two weeks per year dealing with tribunal claims, research suggests





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by isabel jackson
                                
lawyer warns managers often view grievances as an ‘inconvenience’, but says rushing investigations increases risk of successful cases





tell the world about your outstanding hr leadership





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by pm editorial
                                
the cipd hr30 is the definitive list of the most impactful hr leaders – and there's still time to make sure you (or a great people professional you know) are included. just tell our panel of expert judges how you've made a difference, and include optional evidence and testimonials to support your entry. it's free and straightforward to see your name in lights – just visit cipdhr30.co.uk for all the info and to submit your nomination





cipd appoints rt hon chloe smith as president





                                    12 february 2025
                                        by isabel jackson
                                
former secretary of state for work and pensions describes promoting hr’s impact as ‘crucial’ in light of the scale of change workplaces face





labour whatsapp scandal: where should hr draw the line between private and work-related messages?





                                    12 february 2025
                                        by mahalia mayne
                                
as the investigation into leaked communications continues following the suspension of two mps and 11 councillors, people management weighs up whether companies should – and can – monitor private chats





apprenticeship rules eased for adults – how will it affect employers’ roles in shaping training?





                                    12 february 2025
                                        by islam soliman
                                
response from experts to changes to english and maths requirements is mixed, with some describing the overhaul as a ‘mistake’





ai firm bans job applicants from using ai – is this the right call?





                                    11 february 2025
                                        by freddie clemo
                                
separate studies find half of candidates rely on the technology during the hiring process, but most recruiters view it as a red flag





voodooism is a protected religious belief, tribunal rules





                                    11 february 2025
                                        by isabel jackson
                                
but panel dismisses harassment claim, determining colleague’s ‘voodoo doll’ remark was meant to express her exhaustion rather than being directed at the claimant





government’s growth ambitions ‘fall short’ on skills and apprenticeships, says cipd





                                    10 february 2025
                                        by freddie clemo
                                
professional body argues youth guarantee does not go far enough and stresses the need for significant increase in training for young people





women with endometriosis earn less and are at greater risk of job loss, ons data reveals





                                    10 february 2025
                                        by mahalia mayne
                                
research shows significant impact of the condition on earnings and employment, with experts highlighting the need for better support and manager training





businesses must take ‘top down’ approach ahead of new fraud prevention law, experts warn





                                    10 february 2025
                                        by islam soliman
                                
commentators say firms must embed an anti-fraud culture and reinforce whistleblowing protections to avert legal risks before legislation comes into force in september









artificial intelligence





a day in the life of an ai addict









ai is transforming the employee experience, and not always for the better









is the uk workforce prepared for the government’s ai action plan?









50 years on from the health and safety at work act









what are the key considerations when using ai for recruitment?









cipd to lead government-backed research on responsible workplace ai adoption









how hr can navigate the eu ai act









ai-driven job automation may deepen inequality in uk, research shows









stigma preventing half of older workers from seeking mental health support, study finds









only 1 per cent of people trust ai to make workplace decisions, cipd poll finds










from the latest issue





celebrating the champions of the cipd people management awards 2024









unicef uk’s martyn dicker: ‘we’re reporting on six pay gaps and counting – it’s a blunt tool, but it’s still a tool’









how pladis is redressing its gender balance by enhancing support for parents









why inclusion was central to an overhaul of the gla’s hr function









what does being 'productive' actually mean – and how can hr improve it?









employment law shake-up: what the proposals mean for business and how organisations can prepare









why are organisations still failing to tackle workplace conflict?









how to stay on the right side of the new tipping law









problem solver: my hr team is small and we struggle to find time for our own development. how can we make updating our skills more of a priority?









‘my biggest mistake was failing to realise it’s the person that counts, not what’s on their cv’









in the firing line with kellydeli’s george nay










for cipd members





oliver shaw on ai’s potential: ‘we have a unique opportunity to shape the future’









how sense scotland is finding ‘creative’ l&d solutions amid challenging times









how keepmoat transformed – and maintains – a communicative culture in construction









ernest benbow on his nhs hr career, cipd chartered fellowship – and receiving an mbe









could apprenticeships be the answer to the unemployment problem?









how to conduct a pay audit (and why you should)









nhs’s raffaela goodby: ‘baby loss leave should be introduced in every business’









uk riots: what do they mean for the future of workplace race relations?


















tribunals





trainee optician fired for taking leave after miscarriage awarded £14k at tribunal









bar manager awarded £33k for unfair dismissal after exposing colleagues taking drugs









charity worker awarded £70k after being constructively unfairly dismissed for ‘gender critical’ views









medic awarded £6k at tribunal after boss’s pregnancy remarks ruled as sex discrimination









city broker awarded £15k at tribunal after employer’s insistence on post-cancer medical assessment delayed return to work









calling women ‘birds’ is harassment, tribunal rules, as investment firm worker awarded £50k following ‘derogatory’ comments









administrator whose employer failed to make reasonable adjustments for ‘noisy’ office awarded £27k at tribunal









teacher who fell asleep in class wins £170k at tribunal after school ‘jumped straight to dismissal’









teacher with autism who made serial complaints was unfairly dismissed, tribunal rules









compliance director who blew whistle about ‘chinese spy’ wins £560k at tribunal










pm in focus





under pressure: why the 'squeezed middle' is having such a hard time – and what hr can do about it





                                    30 october 2024
                                        by katie jacobs
                                
with a post-covid shift towards flexibility and a stronger focus on wellbeing, it hits differently to be a manager in 2024. people management explores how employers can support and nurture this vital slice of the workforce





how to solve the older workers conundrum: an interactive report for people professionals





                                    19 august 2024
                                        by grace lewis
                                
many great things came into being in the 1980s: the rubik's cube, the walkman and a generation of workers who might be the answer to today's workplace skills shortage. in this in-depth report exclusively for cipd members, people management explores why the number of over-50s in work has dropped drastically in recent years – and how employers can tap back in to this underused slice of the workforce.





the first 100 days: how to make (or break) a new hire





                                    30 april 2024
                                        by grace lewis
                                
recruitment, preboarding and onboarding processes are the golden opportunity for businesses to make a good impression on candidates and new starters. so why do some still get it drastically wrong? people management looks at the entire timeline in detail in this in-depth report, exclusively for cipd members





is your hr team the right fit? an interactive report for people professionals





                                    25 january 2024
                                        by katie jacobs
                                
the ulrich model is tried and tested, but forward-thinking firms are increasingly trying new structures. are they onto something? people management looks into the evidence and gauges readers' current setups in this in-depth report, exclusively for cipd members





organisation development: what is it and how does hr 'do od' successfully?





                                    3 october 2023
                                        by katie jacobs
                                
organisation development could be the secret sauce your hr practice is missing. people management consults the evidence, and the experts, for an in-depth examination on the importance of od, exclusively for cipd members





is pay benchmarking working? an interactive report for hr professionals





                                    21 july 2023
                                        by louise farrand
                                
paying workers fairly and competitively is vital for any organisation wanting to succeed. people management explores whether the practice of pay benchmarking is working in this in-depth examination, exclusively for cipd members





people management tv: how to make someone redundant (if you really have to)





                                    27 july 2023
                                        by pm editorial
                                
catch up with the second instalment of people management tv, as a panel of experts discuss redundancies





performance management: an interactive report for hr professionals





                                    6 april 2023
                                        by jo faragher
                                
getting appraisals right is critical to organisational success. people management consults the evidence, and the experts, for an in-depth examination, exclusively for cipd members





people management tv: is the four-day week worth the hype?





                                    21 april 2023
                                        by pm editorial
                                
catch up with deputy editor grace lewis and a panel of industry experts for the first instalment of people management tv






equality, diversity and inclusion






workplace protections from sexual harassment – what’s still to come?





                                    19 february 2025
                                        by tracey marsden, aisleen pugh and val dougan
                                
tracey marsden, aisleen pugh and val dougan detail what employers need to know about the upcoming duties





encouraging allyship in your organisation





                                    14 february 2025
                                        by lee chambers
                                
lee chambers discusses the true meaning of being an ally and shares tips to encourage a culture of solidarity





employees as school governors: what’s in it for employers?





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by victoria hatton and paul hammond
                                
encouraging staff to volunteer at local schools can reap rewards for businesses, say victoria hatton and paul hammond as they mark national school governors' awareness day





aviva’s danny harmer: ‘it’s a total no-brainer that hr has a seat at every table’





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by eleanor whitehouse
                                
the group cpo at one of the uk’s largest insurers explains why the people profession needs to put its business head on, and the importance of not being drawn to just the ‘bright and shiny’





why coca-cola europacific partners made disability inclusion its top priority





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by isabel jackson
                                
the bottler has improved employee satisfaction and innovation by working hard on accessibility – and is now helping others do the same





the uk impact of the edi rollback in america





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by idris arshad
                                
the move by a raft of us firms to dial down their diversity and inclusion efforts will be a test of uk companies’ leadership, integrity and previous commitments to edi, argues idris arshad





do rto mandates signal the end of working from home?





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by freddie clemo
                                
as more and more companies call staff back to the office, yet employees continue to argue the value of location flexibility, people management dives into the figures surrounding the issue





problem solver: an employee has said our edi training is ‘woke’. how can hr acknowledge they’re entitled to their opinion, without it affecting the rest of the workforce?





                                    13 february 2025
                                        by pm editorial
                                
our panel of hr experts advises on how to handle staff who challenge their employers’ diversity initiatives





kirstie loveridge: ‘edi is the cornerstone of our strategy for creating a connected workforce’





                                    10 february 2025
                                        by islam soliman
                                
aeg europe’s hr chief shares how she is helping drive diversity, inclusion and employee engagement across four countries at the entertainment company





how can hr best support employees with adhd?





                                    7 february 2025
                                        by alex partridge
                                
alex partridge sheds light on the advantages of a neurodiverse workforce and shares advice for those managing staff with adhd specifically





case law update: lessons on workplace culture





                                    5 february 2025
                                        by adam lambert and niamh millais
                                
in light of the fca’s recent focus on diversity and inclusion, adam lambert and niamh millais explore a tribunal highlighting the dangers of hr teams failing to maintain a positive work environment





the business case for gender parity





                                    3 february 2025
                                        by liz stanley
                                
following meta ceo mark zuckerberg’s comments about businesses needing more ‘masculine energy’, liz stanley highlights the benefits of a gender-diverse workforce






flexible working





how hybrid models and the four-day week are reshaping business success









how has the flexible working law impacted employers?









making hybrid work for younger employees









why blanket rto mandates will undo business productivity









employees log more than 200 hours of overtime a year, with nearly half unpaid, study reveals









demand for flexibility from black and disabled workers hits record high, data shows









trump proposes 'deferred resignation' for federal workers who refuse office mandate – what are the key lessons for hr?









is age bias undermining the get britain working initiative?









do you need to mandate a return to the office?









lack of flexibility for frontline workers creating ‘two-tier workforce’, report reveals













partner content





social connection at work – how can it enhance our mental health?









strategic leadership: the royal navy’s data-driven approach to talent









why outdated systems are trapping your employees in financial stress









calling all hr decision-makers: take pm insight's benefit survey for the chance to win £200









why more employers are turning to over-50s talent









unlock your leadership potential with ucl’s online msc









apprenticeships: why they’re win-win for your business









join the movement for an age-friendly workplace!









how to stop income verification from failing your employees









unlock deep work: how smes can boost productivity with what they've got
















 what if? podcast 







cipd's hr people pod #17: 'dry promotions', determining job value, work ethic and intelligent failure





                                    19 february 2025
                                        by pm editorial
                                
cipd director of profession david d’souza is joined by a panel of experts to discuss how workers are being afforded more responsibility with no uplift in pay, whether or not the uk is experiencing a work ethic crisis – and much more





what if… bad bosses went to prison?





                                    10 october 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine asks whether it’s time company leaders were held more personally accountable for misbehaviour





what if… everyone refused to come back to the office?





                                    3 october 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine ponders how things will shake out given the entrenched opposing views of some staff and bosses





what if… your manager’s 20 years younger?





                                    26 september 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine contemplates this nightmare scenario for many and asks if the gen z stereotypes are true





what if… ai wrote this episode?





                                    19 september 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine explores whether gen ai is advanced enough yet to replicate skills like journalism





what if… the nhs collapsed?





                                    12 september 2024
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine investigates alternative healthcare models and employers’ role in staff wellbeing





what if… we stopped listening to silicon valley?





                                    5 september 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine asks whether it’s time we were more sceptical about big tech’s innovations and employment practices





what if… we paid nurses more?





                                    11 april 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine explores what the impact would be of remunerating low-paid frontline workers better





what if… everyone was racist?





                                    4 april 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine unpacks the theory of unconscious bias, asking what interventions actually work





what if… hr was a regulated profession?





                                    28 march 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine asks if there should be a body overseeing people practitioners more formally than at present





what if… we banned relationships at work?





                                    21 march 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine wrestles with how best to approach office romances and toxic behaviours





what if… there was another pandemic?





                                    14 march 2024
                                        by work. editorial
                                
the latest series of the podcast brought to you by the cipd's work. magazine asks what the next ‘unthinkable’ large-scale crisis might be


















 hr & od manager

							runnymede borough council.,
							addlestone, surrey, kt15 2ah
						


 director of human resources & organisational development

							london borough of lambeth,
							lambeth, london (greater)
						


 head of human resources

							capel manor college,
							enfield (city/town), london (greater)
						


 strategic lead: pay, benefits and reward

							london borough of hackney,
							hackney, london (greater)
						


 head of people

							irwell valley homes,
							salford, greater manchester (agile and flexible working available)
						


 people services operations manager

							salvation army homes,
							homeworking with regular travel to london and manchester
						


 part time hr coordinator (3 days per week)

							the chelsea arts club trading limited,
							sw3 6eb, london (greater)
						


 senior pay and reward officer

							bradford council,
							bradford, west yorkshire
						


 senior hr business partner: recruitment, retention & reward

							city of london academies trust,
							london (central), london (greater)
						


 director of people and culture

							blackburn college,
							blackburn, lancashire
						




more jobs


















share, like, follow us on:


facebook


linkedin


twitter


instagram






menu


news


employment law


opinion


features


people




contact us


contact us


pm insight


pm jobs


cipd


cipd events














terms & conditions


cookie notice


privacy notice


cookie settings


accessibility statement













