







washington county fair – a southern utah tradition for 163 years!







































skip to content



 
social media 

link to facebook



link to youtube



link to instagram




about
visit
participate













washington county fair
april 11-19, 2025 | hurricane, utah

visit the fair
participate












entertainment view all entertainment










                                    carnival                                










                                    exhibits                                










                                    food & vendors                                










                                    general events                                










                                    ticketed events                                






previous



next










lonestar

in concert monday, april 14!

tickets
more information

not every musician has the opportunity to revisit and even potentially improve upon their biggest hits. but on the forthcoming ten to 1 record, the award-winning band lonestar—dean sams (keyboards, acoustic guitar, background vocals), michael britt (lead guitarist, background vocals), keech rainwater (drums) and drew womack (lead vocals, guitar)—are taking a fresh look at all 10 of their chart-topping country songs.
this streak started in 1996 with the band’s second single, the rock-edged “no news,” which describes a man left bereft (and confused) when his girlfriend suddenly disappears, and the following year’s tender “come cryin’ to me” and “everything’s changed.” the band’s quadruple-platinum 1999 album lonely grill spawned four no. 1 hits (including the beloved global smash “amazed”) and established lonestar as music’s preeminent pop-country band—a status they’d maintain through the 2000s and beyond, thanks to songs full of energy and creative lyrics (“what about now”) and (“mr. mom”), along with heartfelt messages and soaring melodies (“i’m already there”).








 






lee greenwood

in concert wednesday, april 16!
lee greenwood is an american country artist who bridged the gap between traditional and contemporary country music. he is best known for his patriotic anthem “god bless the usa.” the iconic song, which celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2013, went far beyond what greenwood expected when he wrote it in the back of his tour bus in 1983. the song has been in the top five on the country singles charts three times (1991, 2001 and 2003), giving it the distinction of being the only song in any genre of music to achieve that feat. it was also #1 on the pop charts after 9/11/01. greenwood says, “usa is the song i always felt i needed to write. i wanted to have something that would unite americans from coast to coast, and i wanted to instill pride back into our country.”

get tickets
more information


 




 

















 
social media 

link to facebook



link to youtube



link to instagram

 

about
about the fair
history
contact information
frequently asked questions
privacy policy
 

visit
visit the fair
events
facilities
 

participate
premium lists
applications & entries
volunteer opportunities
sponsorship opportunities
 



                        © copyright 2025                         
                    

                        crafted by concierge web co.









