














dasa-child abuse-violence ny workshop©





























ny workshops














home


course catalog

my courses

















ny workshops




home


course catalog

my courses





 sign in
























up to 55+% discount off reqular price.



click here for school violence, new child abuse, dasa, and autism workshops.
narrated courses provided by genius genius of ny and abc bully free (dasa)





courses approved by the nysed
register now to create your user account
(current users select sign in)


register now »

enter first and last name in full name field 
                  (nysed does not require middle name/initial).














quality training

we guarantee that you will receive the highest standard of training.
         

user friendly throughout your entire on-line experience.
             

licensed by the nysed office of teaching.
             

prompt and friendly customer service 7 days a week - contact us





anytime, anywhere



complete the course at your own pace with 24/7 access.
acquire proof of completion immediately upon completion of our course(s).
             

return anytime to revisit the material.
             

our on-line courses may be taken on any computer or mobile device.
             




easy and secure



group payment options and discounts.
         

payment receipts with all information required to submit expense reports.
         

pay with your credit card or debit card with our secure payment process.
           
















who is this training for?

individuals must complete the school violence (save), child abuse identification (mandated reporter training), and dignity for all students act (dasa) 
training workshop for educator certification in new york state. if you are applying to become a teacher in 
new york, you must complete all three workshops course.
        

    *** our new child abuse course meets the nysed updated mandated reporter training requirements (chapter 56 of the laws of 2021 amended social services law § 413).


new york state's dignity for all students act, also known as the dignity act, and most commonly referred to 
by its acronym, dasa, is legislation in the u.s. state of new york, established to provide a school environment free of discrimination and harassment.
the dasa training addresses harassment, bullying, and discrimination prevention and intervention in schools.
dasa training guide
















i am a teacher in upstate new york and i have taken over a dozen online training courses for my job.  this was by far the best experience i have ever had - from registration to completion, it was all easy, inexpensive and educational.


mary from buffalo, ny









our partners




we are partnered with a 501c3 non-profit organization that is dedicated to keeping children safe and protected from bullying.  that organization shares the same name, abc bullyfree and they have their own website which can be found at www.abcbullyfree.com .  by partnering with them and donating to their cause, we hope to reduce and remediate bullying in schools throughout new york state.








need assistance?
new visitor video tour - click here

view answers to frequently asked
questions, call us at 1-800-963-5449 toll-free or
click here for our email address.
        












tip: click outside the video to close the window.















 
 
 
 
 
copyright © 2025 all rights reserved. ‐ contact us ‐ powered by vlearning.net








