  replaying 1929 at 190.92.156.129 workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming spring           



skip to content





urbansurvival - 190.92.156.129
 
menu homepeoplenomics®peoplenomics® subscription infopeoplenomics subscriber homebooksprojectsshoptalk sunday columns(legacy) ultra-make site: 3d, cnc, wood & metal, ham radio, & hydroponic projectsolder ham radio projectsthe saturday gourmetlinks +news sources – news junky’s pageure’s books on amazonresearch dept. – beyond news junkiescharts (not the subscriber peoplenomics charts, though)woo-woodealsprivacy, rssprivacy policyad blockinghtml site map (past articles)aboutfaqwhat is the “ebbinghaus-ure correlation”?
 
menu homepeoplenomics®peoplenomics® subscription infopeoplenomics subscriber homebooksprojectsshoptalk sunday columns(legacy) ultra-make site: 3d, cnc, wood & metal, ham radio, & hydroponic projectsolder ham radio projectsthe saturday gourmetlinks +news sources – news junky’s pageure’s books on amazonresearch dept. – beyond news junkiescharts (not the subscriber peoplenomics charts, though)woo-woodealsprivacy, rssprivacy policyad blockinghtml site map (past articles)aboutfaqwhat is the “ebbinghaus-ure correlation”?workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming spring
february 17, 2025with our presidents day activities (getting a scalar prototype out the door this week_) most of today will be devoted to work in ure’s old man lab.   i don’t talk about it much – people’s eyes tend to glaze over, but it’s a very well-appointed place to hang out and do work on the fringe-stuff … read more
39 commentsshoptalk sunday: ham radio – scalar antenna dreams
february 16, 2025we need to begin at the beginning, i suppose.  because i am working with a colleague who is investigating something, and needs a pemf (pulse, electro magnetic force) device to interact with, i have been up to my butt in tesla/scalar antenna designs this week.  and, curiously, how to simplify the design to use all … read more
30 commentsthe many rhymes of boss trump
february 15, 2025birthing of network radio in the 1920s with a modern rhyme with social media is one thinking point today. along with how stock tips are mimicked by :crypto tips” which no one seems to understand, yet. radio networks vs. social media. stock tips versus crypto tipso’s. and smoot-hawley 2 – the trump sequel. this being … read more
39 commentscan the fed blow it up?  scalar ham antenna project
february 14, 2025with the strong rally in the stock market thursday, the markets had the “look and feel” (to us) of getting into a “buy the rumor, sell the news” mode ahead of today’s retail sales numbers and the fed industrial production data shortly. the fed has already taken away the punch bowl with the appearances of … read more
84 commentsppi vs. inflation, musk says “delete” and extensive woo-woo in the lab
february 13, 2025with inflation back *(as we explained in the peoplenomics report wednesday), you’d naturally expect ppi to jump and that’s not even taking in tariffs: “the producer price index for final demand increased 0.4 percent in january, seasonally adjusted, the u.s. bureau of labor statistics reported today. final demand prices rose 0.5 percent in december 2024 … read more
64 comments40 more years from ai?
february 12, 2025can we now model our life’s future with ai?  yes, seems so – we have just done it.  when i wrote my recent book “doctor between your ears – practicing practical longevity” – i didn’t have any way to validate all of our operating assumptions as we cobbled up an integrated approach to life extension. … read more
47 commentsblithering heights: deep work
february 11, 2025i apologize for not approving comments monday – i was simply so immersed in ai working on tomorrow’s peoplenomics report,  that i literally lost track of time. ok, so what’s so interesting?  well, there are two articles in the works.  the first one – tomorrow – is titled  “40 more years from ai.” in it, i show … read more
31 commentsrecalibrated future, national hangover & end of skip day
february 10, 2025although the eggo’s won the super bowl, and it was incident-free for an attending president, life will not veer too much of the projected path into the future. for one, we are still facing a mountain of issues with the ever-compounding national debt, and this is despite the best efforts of doge to track down … read more
80 commentsshoptalk sunday: digital humans, food 59 notes
february 9, 2025it was terribly busy around the homestead this week.  so i don’t have a specific article (or pictures).  no, the dog didn’t eat my homework. just there were no pictures that really made sense. for example, i tossed my skil 20v jigsaw in the trash barrel friday.  went to use the damn thing and it wouldn’t … read more
66 commentsgame over
february 8, 2025has the market called sb59’s outcome with the weak close friday? and are there parallels between trump ending runaway bureaucracy and the collapse of chinese civil service at the end of the qing dynasty? we think the answers are yes to both. but the details? well, that’s what the 50-yard seats around here are all … read more
65 commentsthe sum of all footballs, jobs data, dream work
february 7, 2025we will be getting a lot of work done here this weekend: with most of america distracted by competing delusions. first is the hysteria over elon musk, who is trying to get a handle on “where’s all the money been going?” the left (and slow-motion marxist insurrection) is going absolutely crazy because the deep state … read more
79 commentschallenger job cuts, fed #s in wing, the good news on aging
february 6, 2025super short column this morning, as i have been hip-deep in (stuff) around here.  doctor appointment for usual blood draws – i may live a while longer, lol. comments on safety of zetia are welcome in comments…. job cuts markets had a good day wednesday, but we are becoming concerned (with deepseek and all the foam … read more
75 commentsa downsizing chapter
february 5, 2025our 20+ years of downsizing is certainly making sense as the world changes. when we moved “out to the woods” people had this ‘tude like “what kind of people run away and live in the woods?” today, with the coming of a possible tariff war, inflation causing the fed to walk-back its “more cuts” nonsense, … read more
58 comments
older postspage1
page2
…
page423
next →subscribe to our premium site!
peoplenomics.com global consciousness project dot (current)latest posts
workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming spring
february 17, 2025
shoptalk sunday: ham radio – scalar antenna dreams
february 16, 2025
the many rhymes of boss trump
february 15, 2025
can the fed blow it up?  scalar ham antenna project
february 14, 2025
ppi vs. inflation, musk says “delete” and extensive woo-woo in the lab
february 13, 2025
40 more years from ai?
february 12, 2025
blithering heights: deep work
february 11, 2025
recalibrated future, national hangover & end of skip day
february 10, 2025
shoptalk sunday: digital humans, food 59 notes
february 9, 2025
game over
february 8, 2025
the sum of all footballs, jobs data, dream work
february 7, 2025
challenger job cuts, fed #s in wing, the good news on aging
february 6, 2025
a downsizing chapter
february 5, 2025comments and feedbackjim in mo on workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming springfebruary 17, 2025we had lots of those and walking sticks in the hooptys but they could not keep up with the squash…okanogan offgrid on workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming springfebruary 17, 2025as i recall, on biden's first day he revoked all of trump's eo's from his first term. there is a…so cal surf dude on workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming springfebruary 17, 2025clear skies and 75° for the next 10+ days here in the land of the confused, might see a few…jester on workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming springfebruary 17, 2025folks, following his publicly reported sabbatical by poland's "tvp" to the grand opera madam butterfly suite at the capella hanoi…george ure on workweek roulette, waiting on mkt’s, garden-gaming springfebruary 17, 2025all that money saved from passing on school in oregon. lolsearch posts

search for:



© 1999-2024 peoplenomics.com, urbansurvival.com, ultra-make.com by george ure


close
              



