


	customer portal















































































 sign in







account overview
my account
account profile
account history
bill notification
deposits
manage alerts


payments
auto payments
draft payments
pay multiple accounts
payment profile


more
create new user
employment 
tennessee magazine
board of directors
cooperative links
tva complaint resolution process


rates
energy efficiency
other information
broadband
annual report




facebook icon
instagram icon
pinterest icon
twitter icon








button







 



















×
an outage has been reported for this account. please  click here to view more details .


















quick pay  is a simple, fast and secure way to make payments online ― without logging in.


quick pay



















 
pay now
click here to login to our customer service portal to make payments.






 
outage
click here to report any outages you experience in your area.





 
e-billing
sign-up for e-billing and help preserve the environment.








































outage map
click here  to view the outage map.






































download the cecpowerup mobile app



download the mobile app and manage all your services the same way you do on a website. just download the app in your mobile device and use your account credentials to sign-in.





 
 











are we trimming trees in your area?


























































doxo.com
it’s has been brought to our attention that a number of our members are making their electric payment through a third party payment website doxo.com. doxo is a service that allows you to organize and manage all your accounts in one place. the problem with making a payment on this website is there is a delay in cec receiving your payment and disconnect could occur.

free payment options
bank draft: to set up bank draft you can visit us online at cecpowerup.com, sign the bottom portion of your electric bill; write down your bank routing number and account number or call our office and speak to one of our member service representatives. your bill will be drafted approximately 5 (five) days before the due date.
e-check: you can pay your bill online at cecpowerup.com, by phone with a cec member service representative, using our mobile app cecpowerup or through our automated system. the maximum amount accepted is $1,000.00.
online bank payments: member sets up monthly payments through their bank. payment will reach cec electronically in 3 days.
by mail: chickasaw electric cooperative p.o. box 459, somerville, tn 38068.
night depository: located at drive-thru window at office (no cash please).
in person: office hours 7 a.m.- 5 p.m., monday- thursday,  7 a.m.- 4 p.m friday 17970 highway 64 east, somerville 38068.
privacy policy
purpose of collection: chickasaw electric collects cell phone numbers solely to provide notifications related to our services. this information is gathered to ensure effective communication with our customers regarding service updates and other relevant information.
data usage: your cell phone number is used strictly for legitimate business purposes, including:

providing outage information and updates,
sharing account balances and bill amounts,
sending limited marketing messages related only to services provided by chickasaw electric.

data sharing and third-party access: we do not share cell phone numbers with any third-party services for independent use. however, we may share your number with carefully selected, vetted vendors who are bound by this privacy policy and who use the data only as required to fulfill chickasaw electric services.
data security: to prevent unauthorized access, cell phone numbers are protected with strong safeguards, including encryption and restricted access protocols. our security measures are regularly updated to keep your information safe.
retention period: we retain your cell phone number in our records as long as needed to provide our services, unless you notify us to remove or restrict access to your information.
user rights: you have the right to:

access your information,
update your information,
delete or restrict the use of your cell phone number.

contact us: if you have questions regarding this privacy policy or wish to exercise your data rights, please contact us.
















chickasaw electric cooperative








quick links





board of directors


cooperative links


downloads


employment


tva complaint resolution process


tennessee magazine


annual meeting


privacy policy





 






 

contact info






 17970 hwy 64 east
 p.o.. box 459 somerville, tn 38068


(901) 465-3591


(866) 465-3591


info@chickasaw.coop


 











 

connect with us





facebook
twitter
pinterest
instagram





 

office hours






 7 am - 5 pm | monday - thursday


7 am - 4 pm | friday






 
 































































©
copyright 2025 by meridian cooperative
terms of use
privacy statement
version: 39.50.1617









        open modal
    






account list
×







account
name
status
service address
due date
balance




tiger nixon
system architect
edinburgh
61
2011/04/25
$320,800







close








warning!
×


your current session will expire in  seconds.
                        please click the "stay signed in" button below to remain active.


stay signed in
logout









account profile




  





  billing address



  phone numbers












 email address




 spouse and other info










 make changes
 looks good








warning!

×



a popup blocker may be preventing from opening the page. please try disabling it to open the window.


close











