



steve meisner














home


schedule


bio


for sale


merchandise


news


photos


video


links


contact



 
the latest meisner news








steve's brand new cd, legacy, is here!
february 10,
      2025


      we've been talking and teasing for many months about a new cd release 
      coming from steve meisner and the members of the legacy band. if you have 
      been waiting, the wait is now over. legacy, 
      the brand new cd from steve and the guys, was officially released at the illinois polkafest 
      in schaumburg, illinois. this is a 
      truly unique recording featuring sixteen polkas, waltzes, and a variety of 
      selections spanning multiple genres. you'll hear steve singing and playing 
      along with the members of his band. you'll hear the steve meisner legacy 
      band playing brand new songs and many meisner arrangements. and you'll 
      also hear steve meisner singing along with the legacy band. you can see 
      the list of songs along with hearing several song samples and then order 
      the brand new cd right now from the merchandise 
      page. 
      no longer have a cd player in your car or at home? legacy is also 
      available on a usb drive inside the jacket instead of the cd. get either 
      format or order both! take a look right now and be among the first fans to get this brand new 
      recording.




work being completed on brand new meisner music release
november 22,
      2024

you may have seen some rumors and video clips 
      that hinted at the possibility of a new meisner recording project being 
      worked on. we are thrilled to say that those rumors have now been 
      confirmed and it's official: a new recording is coming in early 2025 
      featuring never-released songs from steve together with brand new material 
      just recorded. members of the legacy band have been hard at work recording 
      songs to help augment some other tunes that steve started working on more 
      than a dozen years ago. even more exciting, through the magic of 
      technology, the guys were able to use steve's vocal tracks from various 
      performances to allow him to actually sing with the legacy band on several 
      of the new songs! in all, steve will play and/or sing on 10 of the 16 
      songs. and, yes, you'll hear him whistle and talk to his music lovers too. 
      a couple brand new songs will be included featuring lyrics from steve's 
      brother, dan, who wrote the words to many of steve's songs. although work 
      on some of the songs is still underway, the plan and hope is to release 
      this brand new cd at the 2025 illinois polkafest in schaumburg, illinois 
      on february 7. of course it will also be available to all of steve's many 
      music lover fans. keep watching as more information is released.. 




the first of steve meisner's 
      accordions and equipment now for sale
may 3, 
2024


      many have been respectfully asking and waiting for some of steve meisner's 
      equipment to become available. while some may just look at it as the tools 
      steve used to earn a living, there is also sentimental and star value that 
      goes along with many of these items. imagine owning one of the accordions 
      steve played on stage or the microphone he sang into or equipment he 
      recorded with. also available will be some of the equipment he used both 
      on stage and in his personal recording studio. the current list of 
      equipment is now available here on the steve meisner website on the new 
      for sale page. a detailed listing of some of the items including 
      photos and video is also
      
      available here. if you are interested in purchasing any of these 
      items, please contact steve's wife barb by using the 
      contact page. 


see the items for sale here




the steve meisner legacy lives on
january 1, 
2024


      life during the second half of 2023 was different and sometimes difficult 
      without seeing steve meisner and hearing his music. although we have 
      already surpassed the 6 month mark since steve's passing, in some ways it 
      feels like it has only been a few weeks since we heard the tragic news. 
      the members of steve's band, along with help from other musicians and 
      friends, realized their goal of fulfilling all of the performance dates 
      that remained on steve's schedule. with only a few exceptions, all of the 
      fairs, festivals, oktoberfests, weddings, parties, restaurants, and bars 
      kept the steve meisner legacy band on their schedule so fans could enjoy 
      the music as originally planned - just as steve would have wanted. the 
      epic celebration of steve's life we all hoped for was realized on august 
      19 when some of the best polka musicians in the usa came to milwaukee to 
      perform at meisnerfest. barb 
      meisner along with her family continue to be very grateful for the 
      outpouring of support from the many friends and fans. only two events 
      remain from steve's original schedule on june 1st: the sailaway 
      polka cruise coming 
      up in a few weeks and the illinois polkafest during the first weekend of 
      february. barb is excited to be attending both of them. thankfully, 
      steve's legacy will not end in february as the steve meisner legacy band 
      has agreed to book events throughout 2024. the schedule continues to take 
      shape and will be detailed on steve's website soon. while the number of 
      performances will be a fraction of the yearly schedule steve used to 
      maintain, music lovers will still be able to enjoy some meisner music 
      played by the guys from his band. keep an eye out right here and in 
      steve's newsletter as the schedule continues to build. 





view the meisner news archives



 





next steve meisner legacy band performances
 
april 6
ipa sunday funday
      townline pub & grill - suamico, wi
may 25
croatian cultural club 
      - joliet, il
       




more information and dates
 



 




      join the steve meisner 
      monthly newsletter mailing list

 




subscribe to the mailing list
you can unsubscribe at any 
    time in seconds!
* indicates required

email address  *




first name  *




last name  *






 



 

       

    
       
       



last updated on
monday february 10, 2025   
© 2012-2025 steve meisner  site maintained by hg studio




home


schedule


bio


      for sale


merchandise


news


photos


      video


links


contact





