




 



exaclair, inc. | official site | rhodia, clairefontaine, quo vadis, exacompta, j. herbin, g. lalo, brause, decopatch, maildor, avenue mandarine, life noted, me journal
















































catalog
become a retailer
contact us
sign up

















































brands


clairefontaine


rhodia


quo vadis


jacques herbin


g. lalo


brause


exacompta


stillman & birn


decopatch




products


notebooks, pads & journals


planners & diaries


fine art materials


crafts


inks


social stationery




discover


bullet journaling


lettering arts


organizational tools


outdoor


vintage/retro


our paper




customize


shop

shop online 
find local stores 
retailers with multiple locations 
u.s. retailers who ship internationally 



































 







clairefontaine




                                            clairefontaine is a french paper manufacturer that is renowned for its fine quality notebooks and fine art supplies.  best known for making the first school notebooks in france, clairefontaine has been manufacturing paper since 1858 and notebooks since 1890.




rhodia



rhodia pads and notebooks are a favorite of artists, designers, calligraphers and others for notes, journaling, sketching and hand drafting. people love them for their grids, smooth paper & iconic cover. 




quo vadis



quo vadis is well known for its superior quality planners, diaries and notebooks.  habana notebooks are a favorite of fountain pen aficionados.  our planners feature lots of room to write – plan and take notes all in one place.




jacques herbin



jacques herbin is the oldest name in ink production in the world.  the company was founded in paris in 1670, by jacques herbin, a sailor. from his many voyages to india he returned with special formulas for sealing wax and inks.




g. lalo



g. lalo is a small personal stationery maker, preserving its parisian identity and "bon gout francais" -- the quintessence of sophistication and elegance.




brause



founded in 1850, brause manufactures steel nibs for writing, drawing and decorating.  brause calligraphy nibs are considered by many calligraphers and lettering artists to be among the best on the market.




exacompta



exacompta is well known throughout europe for its extensive range of office supplies and business stationery. exacompta agendas are sought after for their smooth paper and monthly planning features.




stillman & birn



stillman & birn is known globally as a leader in mix media sketchbooks. with a wide range of sizes and papers, our sketchbooks fit every need. made in the usa.





decopatch



decopatch makes over 200 designs of decoupage paper based on french fashions and textiles.  their papier mache figurines, masks and decorations are very popular with crafters.
















                                    jacques herbin 1670 fountain pen ink 
                                








                                clairefontaine pastelmat 
                            








                            customize
                        








                        shop
                    














                        sign up to receive promotional email about new products, events and special offers.
                    























                            exaclair, inc.
                        


143 west 29th street, suite 1000
new york, ny 10001
tel: 646-473-1754, ext. 110








                            about
                        


our paper
values
product videos 
the writer's project
site map







                            shop online
                        


exaclairb2b.com
retailer-only online ordering
paperbistro.com
consumer outlet
shop online







                            connect
                        


contact us
became a retailer
quo vadis blog
rhodia drive
instagram 











exaclair, inc. imports and distributes premium quality stationery products from france for home, office and school.  our product lines include notebooks, journals, sketch and drawing pads, crafts, calligraphy supplies, inks, planners and social stationery.  we also customize our products for corporate gifts.  our office is located in new york city; our warehouse and manufacturing facility is in hamburg, ny.exaclair, inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the group exacompta clairefontaine, headquarterd in etival-clairefontaine, france. the group owns many european brands, including exacompta, clairefontaine, rhodia, quo vadis, herbin, brause, g. lalo, decopatch and stillman & birn. we are the exclusive u.s. importer and distributor of these companies' finished products.
                        











visit rhodia drive on facebook


follow exaclair on twitter


watch exaclair on youtube


rhodia drive blog


exaclair on instagram


quo vadis blog





copyright © 2025 exaclair, inc  |  web development by checkmate productions












































