







welcome to lasdretired.org - lasd retired




























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebarlasd retiredserving retired lasd members since 1997join
members
donate
home
about

history
staff


events

past lasd roundup summaries


photo galleries

lasd roundup photos

lasd roundup 2019
lasd roundup 2018
lasd roundup 2017
lasd roundup 2016
lasd roundup 2015
lasd roundup 2014
lasd roundup 2013
lasd roundup 2012
lasd roundup 2011
lasd roundup 2010
lasd roundup 2009
lasd roundup 2008
lasd roundup 2007
lasd roundup 2000


academy class photos

academy classes photos
miscellaneous academy photos
academy rosters


historical photos

stations historical photos
bureaus/units historical photos
miscellaneous historical photos


historical videos
coachella valley retired luncheons photos
firestone reunion photos


resources

forms
law enforcement officers safety act (hr-218)
links
contacts


in memoriam
faqs
contact us
join lasdretired.org
members
donate
searchsearchserving lasd retireesstaying connected with fellow retirees is now easier than ever with our new and improved website. join today to receive regular updates about department news, events, retirement notices, job opportunities, requests for assistance and more.lasd roundupheld annually in beautiful laughlin, nevada, the roundup is the premiere lasd retiree event where thousands of members gather to attend fun-filled reunions and parties and to take their hr 218 qualification course.sharing memoriescheck out our photo archive featuring academy classes, station reunions, historic photos and more submitted by our retirees.welcome to lasdretired.org



retired sergeantwilliam “moon” mullen


many of you may know it as the “moon list” or the lasd retired list. it is all one and the same. the lasd retired list (email service) was created in 1997 by retired sergeant william “moon” mullen. upon retirement and moving to arizona, moon felt far removed from the department. it was apparent to him that there was a need for retired personnel to be able to communicate with each other and the department. in response to that need, moon started the lasd retired email list. he started with 40 names and it has now grown to over 4,800 plus members. in 1999, retired homicide detective galen “ike” sabean came on board. the lines of communication between retired personnel is opening up and members are talking to long lost partners and friends whom they have not seen or heard from in years. the lasd retired list is nothing more than an email mailing list service that moon provides to retired lasd members. moon sends out messages to all members of the list that include department bulletins, bereavement notices, sick notices, retirement notices, job opportunities, requests for assistance, personal messages from other lasd retired members, locates on long lost partners or friends and other items of interest.
so now your wondering what this web site is all about. the lasdretired.org website was created in 2002 to supplement the lasd retired email service that is currently in place. the original site was created by former lasd sergeant jon armstrong and his wife merilee. the website received an overhaul in 2015 when retired lasd member rich wilabee became the new webmaster. now in 2018, lasdretired.org received a completely new overhaul. the sheriffs’ relief association saw the need for lasdretired.org to continue to be a resource for retired and former members of lasd well into the future.
read the entire story
home sidebarquick links
forms
contacts
photo galleries
veteran’s corner
faqs
lasd authors





retiree roundup

since 2003, the lasd roundup has been held in laughlin, nv at the riverside resort and casino.  it has grown from about 234 attendees to over 1100.  it is a gathering for all retired – former – lasd members whether your sworn, professional staff, reserves.  it always held from sunday – wednesday in the first or second weekend of april.  there are many unit breakfast, lunch and dinners plus hr 218 qualification, golf-slots-poker-bowling tournaments, karaoke and cigar night.
view details


in the news
[funding for california’s small businesses and their jobs at risk under trump][fatal daylight robbery was part of murder-for-hire scheme, police say – los angeles times][video: crews rescue teen from california mineshaft – fox 11 los angeles][5 things to know about chad bianco, republican candidate for california governor][california bill aims to ban the sale of potent antiaging products to shoppers under 18][5 arrested in california murder-for-hire scheme stemming from ‘contentious’ divorce: officials][california republican lawmakers create their own latino caucus – los angeles times][ca governor race: who is running to replace newsom | fox 11 los angeles][california wildfires recovery updates: tuesday, feb. 18 | fox 11 los angeles][unarmed minuteman iii missile to launch from santa barbara county coast][la county sheriff luna says immigration enforcement is not in his jurisdiction – daily news][drones provide public safety eyes in the sky during la county storm – nbc los angeles][los angeles county leaders warn of heavy rain, possible evacuations in burn areas][california lawmakers want tougher penalties for looting and first responder shams][l.a. sheriff’s deputy caught on camera throwing woman to the ground faces 10 years in prison][as western altadena waited hours for evacuation orders, fire commanders faced utter chaos][man with machete shot and killed by deputies in paramount – nbc los angeles][deputies raced to evacuate altadena residents, wondering if their station would burn, too][bomb threat investigation underway at stella high charter academy in south la][malibu schools closed monday due to dangerous road conditions – abc7 los angeles]   
important retiree links

association for los angeles deputy sheriffs (alads)
l.a. county employees retirement association (lacera)
l.a. county professional peace officers association (ppoa)
l.a. county sheriff's department (lasd)
l.a. county sheriff's museum
l.a. sheriff's athletic association (lasaa)
l.a. sheriff's professional association (laspa)
lewis, marenstein, wicke, sherwin & lee, llp
medicare
popa federal credit union (popfcu)
retired employees of los angeles county (relac)
sedgwick
sheriffs' relief association (sra)
straussner-sherman-lonne-treger-helquist – iod lawyers
u.s. department of veteran's affairs (va)
u.s. social security administration


home banners

 l.a. county sheriff's department
 sheriffs' relief association
 l.a. county sheriff's museum
 l.a. county employees retirement association


copyright © 2025 lasd retired. all rights reserved. website designed and developed by  

























