

mathematical modeling simulation dynamics engineer consultant drmjmccann










 industrial applied mathematical modelling simulation dynamic systems process control operations research 
     chemical electrical mechanical physical sciences production financial.
mjmccann consulting




what i do: 
  i solve quantifiable puzzles for people. i provide personal consulting services, essentially in developing quantitative analysis with the appropriate application of mathematics and computational tools to clients in science (r&d, physics, biology), engineering (control systems, chemical, pharmaceutical, electrical, electronic, mechanical) and business (marketing, finance,operations, planning, production) to get practical, usable solutions to problems.

    the key contribution is in developing practical answers to tricky problems by the application of :
 years of experience in a wide range of industries and commercial functions,
     extensive knowledge in the physical and engineering sciences,
 superior analytical skills,
     quantitative methods.
    

	use the links below or on the right side of this (and every) page to find topics you are interested in, or simply make contact and talk (in confidence) about your puzzle and we can quickly find out if i can help. i'll tell you if i can't.
	
locations
    my main base is in northern delaware, usa, but i have strong links to the uk where we have a home base and clients too.
    in the usa the mid-atlantic states are close to home. using philadelphia international airport (phl) gives access anywhere, though i find much of the work is done remotely using the internet saving travel costs.
    in england the base is bristol (where i have connections with the university). that makes london and the south of the country very accessible, but i've also worked in scotland on major projects. europe isn't far away either.
    
some examples from consulting experience.
chemical:
fermentation (antibiotics, stoichiometry and metabolic pathways), polymers, reaction kinetics, distillation, heat exchange, mass transfer, emulsification, supercritical fluids in any sort of distributed  parameter system. control systems and heat transfer instrumentation.   flow allocation for a toxic gas.

electrical & electronic:  
    electromagnetic compatibility (emc), electromagnetic interference (emi), electrostatic discharge (esd), dielectric breakdown and lightning. safety of pyrotechnic (explosives) initiation systems. microwave antennae, rf soldering. management of design and development. transmission line undersea signal propagation.
    

production & process: 
vacuum web coating (metalization), paper making, glass making, molding and heat treatment, plastics extrusion, injection moulding    (molding) high temperature plastics. operation and productivity of automated manufacturing. resource allocation and planning.
    flow allocation of a toxic gas. crimp and press operation. many applications involve heat transfer


market & economics:
    marketing of pharmaceuticals, paints. automobiles, construction / building industry, retail security, value of advertising,  decorative wallpaper & paint,
    

business:
corporate cash flow dynamics, human resources internal demographics. planning, capital investment, international research and development   strategy
    

tools:
    these models, simulations and other solutions have been developed in a range of programming and simulation languages, including mathcad (from ptc, was mathsoft) and a special tool i created (free to clients)  mcsimapn , based on years of experience to be able to quickly and graphically develop models for both continuous systems simulation and discrete event simulation in the same package.
    


links in website:
home/index page
 about dr mccann
summary
dr m.j.mccann 
training courses 
bristol university
contacting me 
contact in uk 
location usa 
philosophy
software tools
fees 
confidentiality


applications
      
business & commerce
tv advertising
drugs competition
housing demand
automobiles demand
wallcoverings battle
cash flow
human resources
project management
patent analysis

chemical industry
cooling tower
fermentation
polymer process
heat exchange
supercritical fluid
distributed parameter
toxic gas allocation

electrical
control systems
initiation systems
ferrite filters
microstrip antennas
lightning

production & process
automated manufacture
crimp and press
glass making
glass molding
glass to metal seals
heat exchanger
helium leak testing
rf soldering
vacuum web coating


applications.
      




invitation. mccann can help if you have a
      design or operational problem that needs some technical support that is outside your
      team's experience, some quantitative assessment of what is really the cause of the
      difficulties, some design alternatives or just a fresh look by an intelligent
      interrogator.
      if you have a problem with the behaviour of a market sector, plant, process or item of
      equipment and would like to get a quantitative handle on it to improve yield or optimise
      performance, then contact me.
      i'm always ready to give a little time
      to discuss a new puzzle, in confidence,
      of course. we'll only worry about fees
      when there is some defined work. i can be flexible
      about how i work with you.  top

dr m.j.mccann,
      pob 902,
      chadds ford pa
      19317 usa. 
      t: 1 302 654-2953
      m: 1 302 377-1508 (cell)
      e: mjmccann@ieee.org




request. please let me know how you found this website and
      your interests by following this feedback link. thank you


date: 2014.08.23
file: index.htm





