













bilzin sumberg




















skip to main content





















top searches 







top matches 







matches by type 


















menu

















empowering clients to achieve the extraordinary.
however bold your ambition, our lawyers will help you achieve your goals and defend your success, focusing on complex matters that demand expertise.


scroll








people
practices & industries
insights, blogs & events
trending topics




about us
careers
contact us



get the latest from bilzin sumberg

subscribe now














trending topics



                                    florida's live local act
                                



                                    condominium redevelopment in florida
                                



                                    the corporate transparency act
                                



                                    diversity, equity & inclusion
                                





                main menu
            














corporate / m&a



from business formation, joint ventures, securities, and operations to acquisitions, mergers, commercialization transactions, and exit strategies, we counsel clients throughout the corporate life cycle.
"we appreciate their ability to analyze, organize, coordinate and consummate a complex transaction and make it happen." - chambers usa


                                    explore corporate / m&a
                                





trial & litigation



our trial and litigation team handles intricate, high-stake cases that require expertise and a deep understanding of our clients’ businesses. we protect and champion their interests in both state and federal court. 
"the group's particular strengths include a detailed understanding of legal issues and ability to find and craft innovative theories to buttress the client's position." - chambers usa


                                    explore trial & litigation
                                





real estate



our longstanding involvement in florida's dynamic real estate market enables us to devise creative and practical solutions, transforming complex challenges into remarkable outcomes for our clients. 
"the firm's strength is its ability to navigate complex deals, to think outside of the box and deliver solid solutions for complex problems." - chambers usa


                                    explore real estate
                                





governmental



with our extensive experience, we help clients navigate the complexities of land development, government relations, and public-private partnerships.
"the firm has a depth of experience and is well connected to the pulse of critical issues affecting its clients. it is constantly offering additional market insights and tips." – chambers usa


                                    explore governmental
                                





tax & private wealth



our attorneys provide highly customized, sophisticated, and creative wealth preservation and estate planning services for u.s. and foreign high net worth individuals, families, and closely-held businesses.
"they have a very good ability to look into the future to prevent problems by proposing a good structure" - chambers hnw


                                    explore tax & private wealth
                                



                            explore our practices
                            





























trending topics
staying ahead of topics that matter most to you allows us to stay at the forefront of opportunities.







florida's live local act







condominium redevelopment in florida







the corporate transparency act







diversity, equity & inclusion








the bilzin advantage
we are trusted advisors that deliver tailored solutions designed to create lasting impact.


                            discover our people
                        







practical
we provide straightforward advice and solutions for complex matters.









creative
our creative approach to dispute resolution and deal-making provides our clients with a distinct advantage.









relationship driven
our strong, enduring relationships with clients and among our team enable us to deliver personalized and effective solutions.












insights, blogs & events










blog
january 23, 2025

update on local government p3 implementing procedures following adoption of majo...
government procurement and p3 insights blog
last year, the florida legislature enacted hb 781, expanding the statutory framework for public-private partnerships (p3s) in florida. the amendments to section 255.065 of the florida statutes streamlined the process for review of unsolicited proposals, and provides local governments with the flexib...












publication
january 24, 2025

florida’s condo evolution: what other states can learn
orlando sentinel
years of changes in the florida condominium act, reacting to market and other factors, have posed challenges that may threaten a portion of florida’s housing supply. but even as florida grapples with the fallout of legislative changes to its condo law, it offers critical lessons in building a ...







blog
january 7, 2025

city of miami approves new administrative site plan review (aspr) process and ex...
the city of miami has introduced a new administrative site plan review (aspr) procedure to address projects that meet zoning requirements without requiring special permits.







client alert
december 11, 2024

epa bans use of two chemicals used in automobile, drycleaning, and manufacturing...
on december 9, 2024, the epa finalized rules under the 2016 toxic substances control act (“tsca”) amendments to ban most uses of trichloroethylene (tce) and perchloroethylene (pce) within one to three years, with limited exceptions for national security, critical infrastructure, and clim...



 


                    view all insights
                








we invest in you.
this is where entrepreneurial lawyers come to grow, thrive, and build their careers.


                                explore careers at bilzin
                            













of counsel
krista d. decastro
after returning to bilzin sumberg, i've realized why it feels like coming home. the firm's unwavering dedication to its attorneys' growth, coupled with its strong ethical values and commitment to client success, reaffirms my decision to be part of this exceptional team once again.







partner
diana c. mendez
as an experienced attorney, bilzin sumberg provides me with the legal and administrative talent, professional resources, and cutting-edge technology that i need to grow my practice and thrive. i appreciate the firm’s entrepreneurial approach, where partners from different specialties come together to craft creative solutions to client needs.











quick links

people
insights, blogs & events
practices & industries
about us
contact us
online pay



get the latest from bilzin sumberg

subscribe now









© 2025 bilzin sumberg baena price & axelrod llp   |   all rights reserved. attorney advertising.


prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.












disclaimer
privacy policy
accessibility










