




 



western & aviation original paintings, prints and collectibles for sale | eagle editions ltd


















































































 
















search for:

search


 



news & new releases




 my account


 shopping cart ( )













 1-800-255-1830
752 bobcat lane | hamilton mt 59840
mon – fri: 10:00am – 5:00pm mst

 


menumenuhomeabout usoriginal artlimited edition artlibrary & collection salelibrary of eagleseaglecalseaglepartsbrinzan pecontact us









featured categories




collection sale
shop now





eaglecals
shop now





eagleparts
shop now





library of eagles
shop now





limited edition art
shop now





original paintings
shop now






we stand by our work and invite you to join our family.


            sign up for our newsletter below









traditional art 
by internationally recognized
artist
jerry crandall
view all works here  





original art, wwii books and aircraft model decals


original art, wwii books and aircraft model decalsfor news and new releases, announcements, be sure to visit our news and new releases page.r.i.p. jerry crandall 4/1/1935 – 6/12/2022. i will love you forever…judywe have two facebook pages, one for jerry crandall studios and one for eagle editions ltd. be sure to visit and “like us on facebook”eagle editions ltd. continues to offer original fine art, limited edition prints and giclées in addition to our primary source books in the library of eagles, and our heavily researched eaglecals and eagleparts for the modeling community. by special arrangement with radu brinzan, we are proud to offer selection pieces of his unique radu brinzan photo etch parts.we also make available select collectibles in the western and aviation arenas. for almost 50 years we, jerry and judy crandall, have been involved in providing exciting, historically accurate and thrilling items to the knowledgeable, discerning historian, enthusiast, modeler and collector. be sure to visit our special pages of militaria and western collectibles, including rare cowgirl photo postcards.original artwork by internationally recognized artist jerry crandall explores several themes including aviation art, civil war art, jerry’s ladies and western art. many of our western paintings are also available in giclée and print formats. due to jerry’s passing on june 12, 2022, very few prints have been signed by him. books in the library of eagles feature aviation subjects, specifically wwii fighters and range from standard editions in soft back and hard back to autographed, limited edition leather bound books for the serious collector. in addition we are also offering a selection of civil war titles as well. all subjects are thoroughly researched and written by several internationally recognized historians and authors.    due to jerry’s passing i am selling some of our crashed luftwaffe parts, other collectibles and his extensive aviation research library under the library & collection tab. our eaglecals waterslide decals are thoroughly researched offering the modeler colorful subjects for aircraft builds. each is accompanied by a full color instruction sheet with some including printed photo documentation. many sheets are offered in 72nd, 48th and 32nd scales, some in 1/24th scale. all eaglecals are researched extensively by jerry crandall and/or mark proulx depending on subject.  eagleparts resins provide the modeler with enhancements and upgrades for many existing kits available today. all research is either done by or supervised by jerry crandall with the cast resin parts done by independent casting firms.we stand by our work and invite you to join our family. sign up to receive our periodic email notifications on new products, sales or other additional information.








be sure to check out
our category of collectibles
visit category 


 





customer servicecustomer service
newsletter signup
about us
news & new releases
privacy policy
my accountmy account
account details
orders
lost password
contact eagle editions 
mon-fri: 10:30am – 5:00pm mst
orders: 1-800-255-1830
office: 1-406-363-5415
fax: 1-406-363-5480
(add our phone number at the top of fax)






  hamilton  +78°f   

    





© 2025 eagle editions ltd.. all rights reserved • 752 bobcat lane | hamilton mt 59840 usa | sitemap




































 
