


the tobacco dependence program (tdp) - the tobacco dependence program (tdp)





































            303 george street, suite 500
            new brunswick, nj 08903
            732-235-8222
        









toggle navigation
            menu
          



home 
about us 

our history 
what we do 
staff 
john slade memorial page 
links 


training & consultation 

tobacco treatment specialist 
frequently asked questions 
flyer &  continuing education credit information 
training faculty 


resources 

consumer materials 


treatment 

get the help you need 


research 


























	tobacco treatment specialist training	




tobacco treatment specialist training
rutgers tdp has been providing tobacco treatment specialist training since 2000 and has trained thousands of healthcare professionals from over 40 states and 11 countries. it is one of a handful of tobacco training programs accredited by the council of tobacco treatment training programs and utilizes nationally-recognized clinical and research experts in the field. view our flyer 



 












	get the help you need to quit smoking call 732-235-8222	




get the help you need to quit smoking call 732-235-8222
how can we help?
quitting is hard...the experts in our program understand that quitting is not easy. we know that smoking gets your body hooked on tobacco.



 















































rutgers-tobacco dependence program’s tts training is one of a select group of attud accredited training programs 
the tobacco dependence program (tdp) is dedicated to reducing the harm to health caused by tobacco use. the tdp particularly aims to provide expertise on quitting smoking for those who need it most. we do this through education, treatment, research and advocacy. rutgers-tobacco dependence program’s tts training is one of a select group of attud accredited training programs offered
tobacco dependence: the scope of the problem tobacco products are addictive and deadly. they cause more than 480,000 deaths each year in the united states. tobacco causes more premature deaths each year than aids, homicide, road traffic crashes, suicide, alcohol, and illegal drugs all added together. people who use tobacco don't set out to become addicted or to die prematurely, but those are the most frequent consequences.
stopping smoking starts here
 





here’s what our participants say about the virtual rutgers tobacco treatment specialist training:
“all of the presenters were amazing! i cannot say enough good things about this course. i feel confident in providing tobacco treatment for those seeking cessation! the presenters helped me to feel confident and set me up for success by providing such excellent instruction.”





“the presenters did a great job at presenting the information in a way that was easy to understand and made it interesting. i feel like the information presented was actually relevant to the work i do and can make a difference in patient care. it has given me several ideas to take back to my facility to implement some changes that can improve the way we address tobacco use and our overall care.”





“the virtual live portions allowed for clarification and deepening of the information.  [the] canvas [online learning platform] was easy to use once i navigated through it which didn't take long. i appreciate that i could do the bulk of the training on my own time. the content was very thorough and it is clear that the whole training was created with a lot of intention. felt supported from beginning to end. i greatly enjoyed the training and feel confident to apply it in my current work role. many thanks!”





“all presenters worked really well together. the team was strong and collaborative.”





“i thought it was an excellent training and experience. i learned a lot and i think it will help me in supervising staff who deliver smoking cessation services already. i think the tech worked really well, very easy to navigate. i thought all of the instructors did a great job presenting the material at the appropriate learning level particularly since there were participants with varied levels of experience.”












tts trainings
march 24-25, 2025 
click here to register





additional upcoming training dates:
march 24-25, 2025



click here to viewthe tts training &registration schedule




if you have questions about the training,  please email training@ints.rutgers.edu
thank you!



steps for quitting tobacco after a cancer diagnosis by donna richardson, msw, lcsw, lcadc, ctts, and claribel beltrez














 

 








the tobacco dependence program is supported by  rutgers cancer institute of new jersey,  rutgers robert wood johnson medical school, rutgers school of public health 303 george street, suite 500,  new brunswick, nj 08903 | 732-235-8222 | stopsmoking@rutgers.edu

copyright © 2014 your company name





