





home – free lutheran bible college and seminary
















































 





























infovisitapplystudentsalumniathleticsmusiclivestreamgive




bible collegeseminaryabouteventsmedia 



learn about our new strategic plan and its impact on future flbc students.start here. go anywhere.grounded in god’s word.request infoschedule visit





request info







schedule visit

we train young people to be servant leaders in their homes, communities, and local churches.the primary textbook at flbc is the bible itself. we believe the study of god’s word is essential in every christian’s life.31%of required courses feature verse-by-verse study of scripture.>75%of students live on campus.44,400combined miles traveled by students on ministry teams each year.▾
includes summer teams, gospel teams, choir tours, and spring mission trip.
0%of students who go on to complete a degree, do so in 3 years or less.  our mission is:"establishing students in the eternal and inerrant word of god for a life of faith in jesus christ and faithful service in his kingdom." this means we equip students to understand scripture for themselves, grow in their understanding of the gospel, navigate the culture with a biblical worldview, and make a difference in their family, community, and local congregation. we believe this is accomplished best through a holistic educational approach that includes academic study, intentional community, and ministry experience.  what sets flbc above the rest?scripture without distractionacademicsdiscipleship without distancestudent lifeministry through the congregationministryno seriously, 50 years later they're still talking about it!our unique blend of scripture study, residential discipleship, and hands-on ministry opportunities makes flbc a one-of-a kind college experience that our graduates can't stop talking about.
take a look inside our undergraduate viewbook!2024 viewbook“god’s love is so evident at flbc. the light of jesus shines through the professors, coaches, students, and staff, and it is such a blessing to be in this environment which is preparing me for a life of service in god’s kingdom no matter where i may go. through basketball, community activities, and each class, i am learning what it means to be a true follower of christ.”
 —gracia rolf, current student"i left high school with plans to be a teacher. through my time at the bible college, god shifted my focus to full-time student ministry. not only did i make incredible friends, but i became better equipped to study god's word and to teach it to others."
—daniel hurner, pastor of youth and family ministries“at the beginning of the year, i was unsure of why i was here. at the end of the year, i was amazed to see how god had answered all my prayers. god knew the areas in my life i needed to grow my faith and he grew me—it was not me. when i came to flbc, i felt that my relationship with god was just a personal matter. now i see that i want to invest in the church and be a member of the body of christ, because it is such a gift.”
—magdelena grotberg, class of 2023"flbc is where my faith became much more personal. my time at flbc encouraged me to go into any vocation with a ministry mindset—whether at work or at home i can share the love of christ with others.”
—stephen quanbeck, class of 2011 "i decided to come to flbc because i wanted to grow in my relationship with jesus and grow in my knowledge of him as well. i am so happy i decided to come to this college because god is already doing so much work in me. i am learning to trust him with every little thing and i can’t wait to see what he has in store for me!"
—janay helms, class of 2023our campussee moreupcoming eventsniac tournament



...more detailsfebruary21-23
campus play






the ark of the covenant has been captured by the notorious philistine reich. the lord has given a word of doom to young samuel. will the sensational samson jones deliver the day or will his philistine fiancée fetter his fate?



join us in our chapel the weekend of march 7-9 for a performan...more detailsmarch07-09
campus days






high school students and recent grads are invited to experience the christian community and biblical training on the campus of the free lutheran bible college. join sample classes, meet future classmates, talk with professors, and grow in your faith through this preview weekend. learn what it...more detailsapril04-05
more eventsathleticsmusiccore valuesequipping for future vocationwe will design programs and operations of flbcs with the end in mind: equipping christians to serve as they rest in christ, both as individuals and as part of the local congregation. we strive to apply truth to individuals in order to impact a future of ministry, whether lay or ordained, preferring context to abstraction. regular graduate and alumni surveys will hold the schools accountable to this goal.integritywe will do what we say, and repent when we fail to do so. excellence will be pursued in every facet of each department. we will evaluate the past and cast vision for the future through frequent and regular review of our people, procedures, and programs. we will foster innovation in each staff member, avoiding vague direction. students, staff, supporters, and visitors will perceive joy, efficiency, stewardship, and beauty while on campus.stewardshipwe are not our own, but christ’s; all that we have and are belong to christ; our institution belongs to god himself. the leadership of the flbcs serves as stewards of the mission and resources of our institution. the schools corporation, board of trustees, administration, faculty, and staff are committed to making the best use of every dollar and hour given to our institution. guests on campus will see cleanliness, beauty, and efficiency. internals surveys and external entities (like tracs and ecfa) will hold us accountable to this promise.whole life discipleshipwe will recognize each student as a precious, eternal, human soul who is deserving of love and care. this care will be provided by regular access to the word of god, nurture from others in our discipleship learning community, a balanced schedule for study/work/ministry/rest, and a wide variety of healthy activities and meals. staff observations and student surveys will confirm pursuit of this value.life togetherchristians are called to live lives in christ and together with each other, a lesson learned best in residential life. for this reason, flbcs strives to foster a healthy community of students who bear with one another and seek each other’s welfare as they live together. this is modeled by camaraderie among staff, and fostered by a balanced student schedule of required activities. students will learn to live in peace with one another, handling conflict in a biblical manner when it arises. future congregations and families will benefit from students so trained. we will measure cultivation of this value not through the absence of conflict, but the manner in which students manage conflict with it inevitably arisesready to take the next step?





learn more







schedule visit







apply now






3134 e medicine lake blvd. plymouth, mn 55441-3008get directions763-544-9501fax: 763.412.2047info@flbc.edustay connected:get email updates from flbcresources:media & resourceslive streamsummer teamsgospel teamsemployer resourcescollege info:about ushistorycareersdonateabout the aflcconsumer infocampus:storefacility rentaleventsstudent life centerlibraryaccreditation:flbc is a ministry of the association of free lutheran congregations (aflc). it receives accreditation through the transnational association of christian colleges and schools (tracs) and is a proud member of the association for biblical higher education (abhe).privacy policylogin

© 2025 free lutheran bible college 
 |  website by auxi solutions

bible collegeacademicsstudent lifeministryadmissionstuition and aidcourse catalognext application deadlineschedule a tourseminaryseminary academicsseminary admissionsabout usbeliefsfaculty and staffaccreditationstudent achievementcampus & locationstrategic planbiblical foundationinstructorsstrategic planeventsupcoming events
event calendar
live stream
academic calendarniac tournamentfebruary 21-23campus playmarch 07-09campus daysapril 04-05spring concertmay 02media and resourcesnewest blog posts
videos
chapel archive
news
conferences
kinshipall mediaprinciples of leadership—greg anderson of inspiration pointspotlight: missions & the trinity with rev. andy coyleno excerpt…ten yearsfebruary 2, 2025 marks ten years since i began my service at flbcs. today our…2025-26 seminary internship announcementsinternship assignments have been announced to the free lutheran seminary seniors who are planning to…bible collegeacademicsstudent lifeadmissionstuition and aidseminaryseminary academicsseminary admissionsaboutbeliefsfaculty and staffaccreditationstudent achievementcampus & locationstrategic planeventsupcoming eventsevent calendarlive streamacademic calendarmediainfovisitapplystudentsalumniathleticsmusiclivestreamgivesearchsubmitclearlogin
your username 


your password

 remember me



 
 


















