







costa de cocos






























































costa de cocos
















 



home
about

our resort
location


amenities

reel inn restaurant
full service bar


cabanas

room rates


 

 

fishing

day rates
all inclusive rates


booking
our news
photo gallery
videos
 




 







your adventure awaits
from only $78 / day
explore




fly fishing in chetumal bay
all inclusive packages available
book now




get off the grid
and reconnect with nature
explore



 





 



the fishing was simply outstanding – the best i’ve ever had in mexico – and costa de cocos proved to be a little gem of a lodge.
bill battles – fly fish america



  



 










 












fly fishing in xcalak, mexico

the ultimate fly fishing experience in xcalak, mexico: a guide from the experts

august 31, 2024
posted under: fishing
no comments


if you’re an avid angler or just someone who appreciates the art of fly fishing, xcalak, mexico, is a destination that should be on your radar. nestled at the southern tip of the costa maya, this pristine locale offers an unparalleled fishing experience that combines breathtaking natural beauty with world-class angling opportunities. this hidden gem is a must-visit for any fly fishing enthusiast. why xcalak? xcalak is a remote village located on the caribbean coast of quintana roo. its allure lies in its untouched beauty and rich biodiversity, both on land and in its surrounding waters. unlike other popular fishing destinations, xcalak offers a more tranquil and less commercialized environment, allowing anglers to connect deeply with nature. the fishing environment the area around xcalak encompasses a variety of fishing environments: target species techniques and gear when fly fishing in xcalak, it’s crucial to be prepared for varying conditions. here are…read more




social 
newsletter
be the first to know about our deals and specials.





 



 











privacy policy
terms & conditions
 

 

cancellation policy
contact us
 

© 2025 costa de cocos   




 








































