










home - brentwood chamber of commerce - ca























































 
 














 






skip to content












































































menu 
about the chamber about us a note from our president board of directors & ambassadors brentwood chamber newsletter contact usmembers member login member benefits membership application membership cancellation policychamber directory business directory events employment opportunities hot deals news releasesevents all events calendar la gran fiesta! hometown halloween! holiday parade save the date celebrating brentwood gala – finest of 2024 save the date east bay business expo & job fairjoin today!








 













welcome to the






brentwood chamber of commerce









facebook





linkedin





instagram





google plus





youtube


















calendar


event calendar 
 














calendar


join today 
 
















calendar


find a member 
 














calendar


member login 
 





















established in 1952, the brentwood chamber of commerce is made up of a voluntary partnership of businesses and professionals, working together for the purpose of building a healthy economy and to enhance the quality of life in the brentwood community.

















become a member






we currently host over 200+ members including locally owned shops, restaurants, accounting firms, real estate agents, retail consultants, and more! the brentwood chamber of commerce has boards, committees, and special interest groups to fit everyone's needs.
join us and become a part of a unique and exclusive network!







join now!


















explore the area






brentwood is a vibrant city buzzing with energy and excitement, nestled amidst the breathtaking beauty of northern california's landscapes. from its charming downtown to the scenic vistas of mount diablo, there's something for everyone to enjoy in brentwood. need assistance planning your trip? we're here to help make your brentwood experience unforgettable!





















                                shopping                            














                                eating                            














                                attractions                            














                                events                            















upcoming events














view calendar













view directory


















check out some of our amazing events















































 












© 2025 brentwood chamber of commerce – ca
 | 
site by growthzone















hours






temporary office hours
tuesday-thursday
10:00 am to 2:00 pm
(regular hours will resume on october 7, 2024. hours vary on event days)






chamber holidays






new year’s day, martin luther king jr.
washington's birthday, memorial day, juneteenth, president’s day, independence day, labor day, veterans day, thanksgiving day, friday after, thanksgiving, christmas eve, christmas day









brentwood chamber of commerce









phone




925.634.3344 










email




 admin@brentwoodchamber.com 










map




35 oak street, brentwood, ca 94513 










facebook





linkedin





insta





googleplus





youtube































 © 2025 brentwood chamber of commerce - ca.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top















