     west houston infiniti: infiniti dealership in houston, tx                                 



                                             west houston infiniti         sales 281-589-8900    service & parts 281-589-9009     finance 281-589-8900   12200 katy fwyhouston, tx 77079-1500                                      service        map        contact                         west houston infiniti             call 281-589-8900   directions                       new   infiniti model showroom   search new inventory   infiniti qx80 for sale   infiniti q50 for sale   infiniti qx50 for sale   infiniti qx55 for sale   infiniti qx60 for sale   schedule test drive   kbb instant cash offer!   black out package   compare infiniti models   infiniti premium care     used   search used inventory   kbb instant cash offer!   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned benefits   used q50 for sale   used qx50 for sale   used qx60 for sale   used qx80 for sale   vehicles under $20k   used trucks in houston   used suvs in houston   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive     specials   new specials   used specials   certified pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   parts department   order parts   tire store   schedule service appointment    oil change   multi-point car inspection service   batteries     finance   finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   buy vs. lease     about us   our dealership   careers   leave us a review     contact us   contact us   hours & directions   shop all models   how express works                      home   new   infiniti model showroom   search new inventory   infiniti qx80 for sale   infiniti q50 for sale   infiniti qx50 for sale   infiniti qx55 for sale   infiniti qx60 for sale   schedule test drive   kbb instant cash offer!   black out package   compare infiniti models   infiniti premium care     used   search used inventory   kbb instant cash offer!   certified pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned benefits   used q50 for sale   used qx50 for sale   used qx60 for sale   used qx80 for sale   vehicles under $20k   used trucks in houston   used suvs in houston   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive     specials   new specials   used specials   certified pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   service department   parts department   order parts   tire store   schedule service appointment    oil change   multi-point car inspection service   batteries     finance   finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   buy vs. lease     about us   our dealership   careers   leave us a review     contact us   contact us   hours & directions   shop all models   how express works          



shop our latest selection of new infiniti models!




        disclaimer          disclaimer                                                       disclaimer          disclaimer                                              











inventory
more



inventory
search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         










service
more



schedule service
 schedule now







service
when it's time for vehicle maintenance or repair, let our expert technicians handle all of your vehicle needs. from oil changes to engine replacements, we'll take care of everything.





service
award winning service.
learn more




schedule
book an appointment.
learn more




specials
offers for a limited time.
learn more

















 












 > 
 < 
 
  
     search new inventory     search used inventory        



shop
online
shop






certified
pre-owned
view






schedule
service
schedule




     
      infiniti models        q50       search new q50      search used q50      q50           qx50       search new qx50      search used qx50      qx50           qx55       search new qx55      search used qx55      qx55           qx60       search new qx60      search used qx60      qx60           qx80       search new qx80      search used qx80      qx80            
      

luxury service
we made your infiniti the superior vehicle it is today and we'll ensure that it remains that way. our technicians are certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle.
schedule service

     

meet your houston, tx, infiniti dealer, west houston infiniti

welcome to west houston infiniti, one of the original first infiniti dealers ever established in the usa and the site of the first infiniti car ever sold in america (per nissan/infiniti-usa). west houston infiniti has set the standard for infiniti customer service and luxury sales for over 30 years through a litany of vehicles and an unwavering commitment to serving our neighbors. come visit our showroom and check out our lineup of infiniti cars for sale.
we can't wait to offer you an exceptional, hassle-free experience as you figure out whether a purchase or lease is best for you. our service staff is also always on-hand to take care of any troubles you may be having under the hood through an easy-to-schedule service appointment at your local infiniti dealer. since we opened our doors in 1989, the respect our houston neighbors have for us has always been the standard of how we measure our success.
it is our privilege to bring models like the innovative infiniti qx50 with its impressive variable compression engine, the pinnacle of family luxury with the infiniti qx80, and stunning luxury performance with the rest of our infiniti new car lineup to our houston infiniti dealer. all of our premium infiniti vehicles feature the advanced technology at the forefront of the automotive industry, cabins wrapped in premium materials assembled with precision craftsmanship, and dependability from the second you leave the house until you return to the garage.
sitting inside any infiniti vehicle is an experience you will cherish, and we invite you to visit our infiniti dealer in houston and see the difference for yourself. we believe that our reputation is earned every day by pleasing one customer at a time and can't wait to welcome you through our doors. local drivers have trusted us as their local houston infiniti dealer for over three decades, and we look forward to providing an amazing customer experience for you soon!


schedule service
get pre-approved
special offers



     






    sales hours          monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday closed         service hours          monday 7:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours          monday 7:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         express service hours          monday closed    tuesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 5:00pm    friday 8:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed       



     



infiniti suvs built to please
the infiniti qx series of suvs are built with luxury in mind. you expect a couple of core components at the center of any suv: style, strength, power, comfort, roomy in-cabin dimensions, and safety. this lineup excels in those areas, providing precision and a head-turning appearance that makes a splash wherever you show up.
models like the infiniti qx55 for sale have a host of driver-assistance features that provide an extra set of eyes and ears where you need it most and plenty of power packed proportionally throughout its heavy-duty frame. enjoy multiple exterior and interior material and color combinations, something other suvs often fail to provide. a modern marvel of a cabin is fit with features meant to ease the driver's worries and keep their focus on traffic and road conditions, as well as plenty of legroom for growing arms and legs that often need their own personal space.
as you zero in on the infiniti suv model you think would look best in your driveway, give our infiniti dealer in houston a visit. we'll take you through the ins and outs of every single suv, from the core parts of the engine to the back bumper. we'll make sure you're aware of every relevant option on the menu before you decide what's next. wondering about the differences between the qx60 and qx80? our staff of locally-based infiniti suv experts can tell you right away.
for an suv that performs at the highest level without sacrificing a classy, luxurious look or a scintillating suite of standard safety features, look for all of the infiniti models labeled "qx" at our infiniti dealer in houston.
inside the infiniti lineup
there is a plethora of high-performing infiniti models making splashes throughout our ultra-impressive infiniti lineup. tap in at your local infiniti dealer, and introduce yourself to whichever sedan or suv catches your eye. our staff of locally-based vehicle experts will be on hand to iron out all the details and determine which way is best to pursue the connection between you and your next infiniti vehicle.
however, if you're looking to get started immediately, we can't blame you. here are a couple of helpful links to articles we go over with drivers that are truly starting from zero in their search for a new car. the following articles will give you a broader sense of the entire infiniti lineup of sedans and suvs, detailed comparisons that comb through the finer points of each particular model, and details of the various trims available once you've found your model of choice.
our link list begins with this comprehensive qx50 comparison. see how this infiniti model stacks up against a competitor in all of the crucial areas. it's good to have some context on the entire market before you visit an infiniti dealer; that way, you can accurately compare qx models before buying or leasing.
next up we have a review of the high-performance q60 red sport, a speedy sedan that holds nothing back when making bold moves toward your eagerly awaiting destination. enjoy comfort, style, and a peppy pace inspired by race cars battling each other at the steepest heights of engine-roaring, heart-stopping racing through grands prix all over the globe. beat the competition off the line and look good doing it inside a sedan that gives similar models a beautiful show to watch as they all pull into second place.
not all sedans are built the same. pop open the hood and peer into the depths of a design determined to evolve our expectations of power in a car as comfortable as your favorite after-dinner chair. once you're up to speed on the q50 horsepower, nothing else will even raise a hair. take the first step toward a leap forward in luxury sedans by familiarizing yourself with this sleek sedan's performance statistics.
to round it all up and complement everything the q50 offers under the hood, our q50 trim overview concludes this parade of helpful resources. see how each particular q50 trim shines in its own light on a frame created for the delight of drivers everywhere.









follow us


                            




                 | west houston infiniti | 12200 katy fwy, houston, tx 77079-1500 | sales: 281-589-8900 | sitemap | privacy | infinitiusa.com            

















         