



calaveras gem & mineral society, angels camp, ca

















 





calaveras gem &
mineral
society










angels camp, california







established in 1948, the calaveras gem and mineral society continues to flourish and carry out its purpose of sharing knowledge and interests in rocks and minerals, both among members and with the public. calaveras gem and mineral society is a member of the california federation of mineralogical societies (cfms)






home
history
membership
lapidary
field trips
gem show
links
contact










members area






monthly
meetings
the calaveras
gem & mineral society holds meetings on the third sunday of the
month. at each club meeting there is a
potluck, business meeting, main presentation, and members share other
interesting information about the hobby.
 












general meeting:third sunday of each month - 11am to 2pm

shop time for club members is on a regular schedule of saturdays, 10am to 2pm
										  













  










                                                                    the calaveras gem and mineral society's clubhouse is nestled
                                                                    among the oak trees in the mother lode foothills near angels camp,
                                                                    california






map to clubhouse

                                                                      |  
                                                                    
club history



membership




members area





















  

lapidary shop
the club has a lapidary shop, which includes several rock and trim saws, cabbing units and polishers.
                                                 regular shop hours are on saturdays, 10am to 2pm. during this time, club members can provide instruction for other members
																								 or work on their own projects.
                                                 
more shop information
more about lapidary




field trips
                    									the club is working on dates for future field trips. in addition to sponsoring its own field trips, its members are welcome to attend trips hosted by other field trip chairmen's association ("co-op") clubs and the california federation of mineralogical societies (cfms). more about field trips




gem show


																			at our shows, vendors sell mineral specimens, jewelry,
																			gems, beads, fossils, petrified wood, lapidary material, meteorites,
																			tools and supplies for making jewelry and more. 
																			our show includes a kid's area, exhibit cases, demonstrations, silent auctions, door prizes and a raffle. admission is $5.00 per person. kids under 12 are free with an adult. more about our show





                                  tailgate swap
the club hosts a tailgate swap twice a year.  this is a very fun event
                                  that is held at our clubhouse. club members bring their items to the parking lot of the clubhouse for all to buy, sell or swap. map to clubhouse 















map to clubhouse        members area (password-protected)   
home     history     membership   lapidary  
                                  field trips    gem show    links   
                                  contact
top of page

calaveras gem and mineral society,  p. o. box 517, angels camp, ca 95222










