





cheap web hosting – directory of cheap web hosting companies




































skip to content







 





main menu




home
hosters
aboutmenu toggle

beginners guide
faq


contact us
 

 
 




















want to know the best website hoster? 



we identify the most efficient hosters around the internet 









 








                hostovita            






            top ten rank: 1 rating: monthly price: from $2.37 diskspace: unlimited ssd bandwidth: unlimited number of shared packages: 3 setup: free overview hostovita.pl has been working on the european hosting market since 2015. the team of hostovita.pl do their best to provide the top quality service to their customers as it’s the central core they … read more → 







 








                fastnext            






            top ten rank: 2 rating: monthly price: $3.95-$7.95 diskspace: 100 – 300 gb bandwidth: 1 – 3 tb number of shared packages: 3 setup: none overview the fastnext is a team of creative and inventive professionals who do their best to develop new hosting solutions as well as provide fabulous quality service. its mission is … read more → 







 








                hostony            






            top ten rank: 1 rating: 10 monthly price: $4.95 – $11.95 diskspace: 400-600 gb bandwidth: 4-6 tb number of shared packages: 4 setup: free overview fast improving web hosting company – hostony.com – is one of the leading providers on the market. a wide range of hosting service is supported: from cheap shared packages up … read more → 













 
check them



















what we do 











cheap web hosting directory establishes new awards to web hosters. 









read more













discover the best shared, reseller and dedicated hosting providers with cheap web hosting 











try yourself as a web hosting reseller first. this will help you to avoid hardware equipment expenses, gain stupendous experience in the web hosting area and make money. you may enter this business even without an intimate knowledge of web hosting servers and operating systems configuring, developing administration scripts, building servers, or security. being web hosting reseller you learn all necessary information about a successful web hosting leading. you learn how to provide your clients with reliable and cheap web hosting without big initial investments.
















how does it work 











what should i consider when choosing a cheap web hosting account? 





















1 









storage size 











how large will your web site be? estimate the number of pages your web site will have and their content. how many images, music files, video files or other content do you plan to add? the more pages and files, the more disk space you will require.






















2 









server resources 











how busy will your web site be? estimate the number of customers who will visit your site on a busy day. the more people on your web site, the more data transfer you will require.




























3 









email services 











how many email accounts will you need? you will probably want a separate email for each employee and a few addresses for things like sales@my-business.com or info@my-business.com.






















4 









hosting addons 











how important will your web site be to your business? is it so critical that without a web site your business will fold, or is it more of a competitive advantage that increases your visibility in the market? the more people who use the site and the more it affects their decisions and actions, the more important a web site is to your business.






















subscribe to my newsletter 











growth & marketing strategies delivered straight into your inbox.
 









subscribe































what is clustered hostingshared hosting seams about to exhaust its resource potential. web users are most unlikely to share server power with thousands of users at shared environment. just one “fat” web site might overload the system and get a server down; meanwhile one site is creaming others are out of the game. alternatively to shared web hosting uses were offered to use vps hosting, dedicated hosting etc., i.e. pay more and be happy to get your own virtual private server. seams not bad, hah? but still : technologies move forward and it’s awesome! its evolution resulted in a new hosting class – clustered hosting.benefits of clustered hostingclustered webhosting provides some more benefits to users in comparison to shared hosting. let’s parallel cluster opportunities and shared hosting operation to our real life.you know, shared and clustered web hosting might be compared in a funny game. just like a game with 3 seats and 4 players who complete to take place, shared web hosting providing resources to some users leave others with nothing to do but wait. clustered hosting looks like you sit on two chairs simultaneously and enjoy the peace. yeah, nice scenario to relax and watch others to compete for the space to take, isn’t it?how to find inexpensive, secure, personal web hostingso you want to start up your own personal web site. you need the best in personal web hosting. but you aren’t just interested in storage space or bandwidth allowances, you want inexpensive web hosting that is also secure web hosting…web hosting affiliate programs – extra profits or problems?i’m sure that if you have your own site, you work hard to have as many clients as possible to get high income. you may increase the profit from your site just placing ads or reviews on your sites with affiliate links. it is particularly convenient when your business is connected with web design, site optimization, delivery of goods and other types of commerce that are widely developed due to internet…fast web hosting, inexpensive web hosting? what to look for in your web hostlet’s face it, a web site is a must in today’s business world. but to have a web site you must first have web hosting. what do you need to look for in a web host? is fast web hostingthe best option? or should looking for low cost web hosting be your priority?is cheap business web hosting good business web hosting?there is a common vein of thought in our society that nothing that is cheap can be good. business web hosting provider a costs $19.99 a month. business web hosting provider b costs $9.99 a month. which of these two is better? the first one, right? it costs more so it must definitely be better. the cheap business web hosting option is just that, cheap in price and cheap on quality…what makes a good inexpensive web hosting provider?type in a keyword search for inexpensive web hosting provider and you will be inundated with hundreds of thousands of results. there are hundreds if not thousands of providers out there claiming to offer cheap, low cost service. unfortunately, not all internet web hosting service providers are created equally. some might offer low cost but couple it with low quality of service…advantages of a cheap web hosting provideryou need a web hosting provider. but why should you pay an arm and a leg when there are so many other options out there? you might think that a low cost web hosting provider is by definition going to offer less quality service than a big-name high cost provider, but that is not necessarily the case. a cheap web hosting provider can offer the highest of quality, just as an expensive web hosting provider can provide pitiful service…ecommerce web hosting and design servicesoften just ecommerce web hosting itself is not enough. sure, such providers offer the storage space and the bandwidth to bring your web site to the four corners of the world wide web, but you’ve got to have a web site first. unfortunately, not all of us have the capabilities at our disposal to create high quality, professional ecommerce web sites by ourselves. we do not have the know-how, we don’t have the software, and we don’t have the time…finding an affordable web hosting solutionfinding affordable web hosting should be an easy task. after all there are literally hundreds of companies out there ready to offer you an affordable web site hosting solution. however, this abundance of choices that can make finding an affordable web hosting provider so difficult…finding reliable web hosting for your ecommerce web sitewe are living in the age of ecommerce. more and more consumers are turning to the internet when time comes to make their purchases, whether it is for products or services. if you are the owner of a small business, you owe it to yourself and your business to get on board with the ecommerce revolution. the first necessity is of course you ecommerce web site, which requires ecommerce web site hosting…the need for quailty small business web site hostingfor small businesses and small business owners, the world wide web has been a true boon. the internet has provided a new forum to advertise your business and even sell your wares to a completely new audience. in fact having a web site for your small business has almost become a requirement in today’s age. and of course before you can have a web site you are going to need a business web site hosting provider…multiple domain web hostingmany web hosting companies offer multiple domain web hosting for either a one time fee or as an extra monthly fee. a method called “alternate domains” is a common way to accommodate multiple domains. web hosting entities ask the client to set up a sub-directory off their main domain and the secondary domain name is pointed at that sub-directory…cheap web hosting: how does a web server work?when you are going to order low cost web hosting, it will be a good idea to know more about how does a web server work. nowadays, the data exchange between web browser and the web server has grown more complicated than before. the main reason for this is the need for dynamic web content that is used by firms and individual customers to manage online business operations…the speed of the business web site hostingthe business web site hosting type and its quality naturally make a crucial impact on your internet presence efficiency and web site popularity. one of its most important aspects is your web site speed…what should you know before choosing a cheap web hosting company?a web host is a service provider that essentially “publishes” your web site on the internet for a monthly fee or “rent.” you are in essence, taking out a room or a storefront on the internet and as with any rental situation, you want a great place for a little bit of money.profits with cheap web hosting and google analyticsparticularly for the small business owner, maximizing their online presence can be critical to their overall business success. unquestioningly the first step is to find cheap web hosting. thanks to the proliferation of shared hosting situations, this is more possible than ever. in short, web hosting packages are pretty much a dime a dozen and shared hosting is the most popular kind of hosting available.low-cost web hosting v. free hostingin order to have an online presence (a website), you must seek the services of a web hosting company. these entities are either large companies with data centers full of servers broadcasting websites online via fast connections or they are smaller firms renting a dedicated server in such a data center. these smaller firms, in turn, resell space and bandwidth on the dedicated server to their clients.















 








							copyright © 2025 cheap web hosting 


































 
 





























