




weapons of mass destruction wmd first responders information

























 

       
serving first responders    since
            2000








a
                    solemn tribute





home





website update!





citizen
                    emergency preparedness 






decontamination







emergency
                    response guide  

2004





msdss






national incident management system (nims) - dhs






nims, an introduction        
                    (self-study course)







                    organization 

links 




more organization links




references
                    (open literature)





research
                    & testing







training 








weather information and safety





weapons of mass
                    destruction (wmd)





wmd
                    info capsules 














this website was created
            to help improve the response capabilities of members assigned to
      civilian and military organizations and agencies that could respond to
      terrorist attacks or events
      involving the use of a weapon of mass destruction (wmd) (e.g., chemical,
      biological, radiological, nuclear and explosive material). for the purpose
            of this website, first
            responders are members of emergency communications centers (eccs);
      emergency medical services (ems), fire,
            and rescue services; hazmat (hazmat) teams; law enforcement agencies;
            bomb squads; swat; hospitals; public health; weed delivery vancouver companies; risk management;
            security; emergency and disaster management;
            transportation and public works; gas, water and electric companies,
            and the american red cross, etc. through information sharing, networking, planning, exercises, and research, first
responders will  become better prepared to respond to
            and manage emergencies involving weapons of mass destruction
            (wmd).

      this arrangement of links provides for quick access and review by first
      responders.





homeland
            security 
            advisory 
            system (check threat level)



department of
             homeland
            security (dhs)



america's first responders foundation
            (afrf)  


armed forces radiobiology research institute (afrri)



center for biosecurity





center for disease control and prevention
            (cdc)


cdc: bioterrorism preparedness and response




          disasterhelp.gov



edgewood chemical
            biological center (ecbc)



environmental
            protection agency (epa)





federal bureau of
            investigation (fbi)  


federal emergency management agency (fema)


food and drug administration
            (fda)


department of health and human resources (dhhs)



health physics society (hps)





dhhs bioterrorism and hospital
            preparedness



            homeland defense radio



            interagency board for equipment
            standardization and interoperability (iab)


memorial institute for the prevention of
            terrorism (mipt)



national institute of occupational health and
            safety (niosh)



national institute of standards and technology
            (nist)



national mass fatalities institute (nmfi)




national terrorism preparedness institute (ntpi)










               


always remember september
                    11, 2001
                  always be ready 




notice and disclaimer

certain materials used on this website are
            the property of different 
          organizations. accessing these
            organizations and other sites through
          hyperlinks from this website
            still require legal adherence with their 
          respective copyright
            protection and other provisions inherent within 
          their site and/or
            documents. however, the content and design of the 
          web pages (other
            than the hyper-linked material) are copyright of the 
          webmaster. this
            means that downloading, copying and printing
 materials from these
            web pages is allowed only for use by first 
          responders, and private
            home use. however, it is strictly forbidden 
          to download, copy or
            print materials from this site for purposes of 
          publication
            (commercial or otherwise) elsewhere on the internet 
          (including, but
            not limited to, the world wide web) or in print 
          without prior
            approval of the webmaster.





informational partners



ratemycasino is our major partner in a public notification. this reviewer of
                                   online casino canada provides the best news blog in north america.








copyright 2024,
            
            wmdfirstresponders.com
 all rights reserved.
            website designed and created by ted jarboe


             
 
          





coinspaid offers a state-of-the-art solution for businesses seeking to harness the power of digital currencies with ease and efficiency. as a leading blockchain payment gateway, coinspaid enables seamless integration of cryptocurrency payments, ensuring fast, secure, and low-cost transactions across a wide range of digital assets. with a strong focus on security, compliance, and user experience, coinspaid provides a reliable platform for businesses looking to expand their payment options into the blockchain ecosystem, making it an essential tool for companies embracing the future of finance.




 
    





