


we are all volunteers in this army





















    
	we are all volunteers in this army
	
  
a site for writing about problems with the current medical hold system at the training bases in the us army. the personal has become political...this is their story...the story of the young men and women who volunteered to serve our country and were injured in training. i'm the mother of two us veterans of the war in iraq, one about to do his 2nd tour.





wednesday, september 03, 2008



	 
	 fort benning trainee "double timing" on broken leg
	 
    


apparently fort benning is not satisfied to leave fort sill resting on its laurels as the most documented location of abuse of injured army trainees.  the competition is heating up, so to speak.  sadly, as is common, the trainee in the following story has expressed that others are being treated worse than him. a young man who dreamed of nothing all his life except being a soldier is a trainee at fort benning.  he seriously fractured his leg during basic training, and as a result is in a cast and on crutches.he has been informed that he is receiving a medical discharge (known as a "med board").   the army has up to 90 days to effect this, once the decision has been made.  despite the obvious evidence of this private's injury, his officers and ncos have decided to have a little fun with him.  i guess there's no appropriate place for this young man to be while he waits out his unwanted medical discharge, because they have him sitting in a training battalion headquarters building with those his senior (which is nearly everyone when you are a trainee private).  [note: this trainee's particular training drill sergeant is not a participant in the following incidents]   outside of the miscellaneous insults he receives on a daily basis, the following are incidents of verbal and secondary physical abuse: an officer of the training unit required the trainee to look up and read the definition of "infirm" out loud and then informed the trainee, "that is you, you are the weak, the helpless, the useless."  small stuff, you might think.  now remember that the officers set the tone for those under their command and read on. a drill sergeant took the trainee's crutch away from him and threw it in the bushes.  as a note, the trainee then tried to get permission from the medical staff to forego his crutch.  that permission was refused.another drill sergeant made the trainee double time around the building on his broken leg.   (double time "begins with the left foot, raises the forearms to a horizontal position along the waistline, cups the hands with the knuckles out, and begins an easy run of 180 steps per minute with 30-inch steps, measured from heel to heel. coordinated motion of the arms are maintained throughout") yet another drill sergeant has ordered the trainee to recite the following [note: as of this time, the trainee has refused to do it, and has recited the soldiers' creed instead] sick call rangers creedi am an american profile.i am weakly, and a burden to the team.i serve the hospital and the people who work in it.i will always be the first to complain about the mission.i will easily accept defeat. i will always quit.i will be the fallen comrade.i am always hurt, physically, and/or mentally.trained and proficient in filling out the sick call slip, i will always complain about my arms, my legs, and anything else wrong with me. i am on crutches and i am on quarters.i sit, ready to duck, dodge, and avoid the pt test conducted by the army of the united statesof america.  i am a guardian of the clinic and a sorry way of life.i am an american profile.***very clever, don't you think?  not quite on the level with weird al yankovic, but considering the source, not a bad parody to use on an injured trainee who is already grappling with the apparent destruction of his lifelong dream.  causing physical pain and mental anguish to this young private is justified, right?  after all, he became injured in an attempt to serve his country, and that makes him useless, right?    he should be out there running on a broken leg, right?  oh, but wait, he already did that.i have cut and pasted both the public comments made by his family member elsewhere on this blog, and excerpts from her private comments to me (with her permission) below the actual soldiers creed.***[the "real"] soldiers creed i am an american soldier.i am a warrior and a member of a team.i serve the people of the united states, and live the army values.i will always place the mission first.i will never accept defeat.i will never quit. i will never leave a fallen comrade.i am disciplined, physically and mentally tough, trained and proficient in my warrior tasksand drills.i always maintain my arms, my equipment and myself.i am an expert and i am a professional.i stand ready to deploy, engage, and destroy, the enemies of the united states of america inclose combat.i am a guardian of freedom and the american way of life.i am an american soldier. injured trainee's family member comments:"i must say that had i read this a few months ago i would not have believed it. now i know first hand. i have a son in the army in basic at benning and he is not being treated very well.until his injury we were receiving very upbeat letters from him talking about how he loved the army and how excited he was, he told us basic was hard but he was doing very well. about six weeks in he was injured and he called us to tell us they are discharging him under a medical discharge. that was three weeks ago. the letters we get now tell us that he sits in the hq all day for 12 hours and more, staring at the wall, he mentioned that he is called names. he told us that his own ds and his company treat him with respect but others do not. the injured are ridiculed often and are all treated like quitters.it is interesting that they label him a quitter even though he marched on a fractured leg without complaint and then broke it the next morning while running.today's letter told us that a cpt there made him look up the word "infirm" and tell him the definition of the word and then informed him that "this is you, weak, feeble and useless".it scares me, he has only mentioned these things in passing, most of his letters are just his despair at being sent home and his despair at watching the others go out and train while he sits and waits.i am angry over this treatment. i am a veteran and come from a family of veterans. i have taught my children patriotism and was proud when he chose to serve his country and proud of the letters i was receiving talking of his commitment to the army and his desire to make a career of it and that he felt he had found a home, now i am ashamed that he is being treated like this. in my opinion there is nothing more precious that we can offer our country than our brave sons and daughters and for them to be treated in this manner is deplorable.reading this blog makes me even more concerned because it was my hope that he is simply facing a couple of people with no honor who are just being cruel, yet from reading this it seems it is common and i worry for his mental state if he has to stay in these conditions for very long. ""he was part of the young marines program as a child and had trained in numerous martial arts programs all in preperation to become a soldier. he rarely talked about anything else growing up. we received many letters, in them he spoke of his pride at being a soldier, he said the training was hard but he loved it, and how he believed he belonged in the army. he was training to be an infantryman. he spoke in letters of how he would most likely end up in afghanatstein or iraq and that we must not worry for him, that he was proud to go and serve, that it was his duty to do so. and then he was injured.on a ruck march he hurt his leg, he said he pushed himself and finished the march, his leg was bothering him but he was working through the pain. the next morning he went out to do pt and while running the bone fractured. the docters told him they think he fractured it the previous day on the march and fractured it worse when he attempted to run on it the next day.since that time, my son has been treated like a piece of garbage. he is called names which i cannot mention in an email to a stranger. he says that his own drill sergeant and his company do not mistreat him, they have told him he is a soldier at heart and they are sorry to see him injured. he is being discharged. he found out about the discharge on (recent date deleted) of this year. he is still at the (designation deleted) at benning, he has to sit at their hq every day and endure insults by both officers and nco's. as his mother i made the mistake of sending an email to the commander of the (designation removed) and i got a very respectful reply back, but i found out today that this man asked my son to look up the word "infirm" and read him the definition and then he told my son "that is you, you are the weak, the helpless, the useless".my son is very depressed and told me today that he is trying to endure, but it is very hard, he does nothing all day except sit and stare at the wall. he does this for 12 hours or more every day, and it is only broken up by the moments when nco's and officers come in and give him verbal abuse and insult him. and even through all this all he really wants is to be able to stay in the army and finish his traning and become and infantryman. he is not a quitter and can take a lot of abuse but this mental abuse is horrible and i fear they will break him.""all of them talk about his sitting around all day with nothing to do. he is not allowed to read or rest while the rest of the group are out training so he sits. two letters make reference to the two persons who call him "broken dick" and the officer that made him look up the definition of "infirm". there are others there getting worse treatment. my son has it easy so to speak because he has the respect of his drill sgt and his group, some of the young men there have no one. i cannot imagine the torment of the ones who just are not able to make the stress of basic training or the ones whose injuries are not readily visible. my son is in a cast and on crutches so at least he has something visible to look at showing he is injured.""he said one of his ds's told him that out of all the guys in the  company that (name deleted) is the one he would not be afraid to go into battle with on  day one. he said that made him proud.""he says he is reading his bible and praying and that doing that plus having  the support of his company and his own drill sgt as well as the first sgt  enables him to get through the days where the others are messing with him all  the time. he is going to church each sunday and he is speaking with a chaplain  when everything starts to get more than he can bear."labels: army injury, basic training, fort benning, medical discharge, soldier's creed, trainee abuse

 




posted by pat dev at 7:25 am
33 comments






sunday, august 24, 2008



	 
	 fort sill treats abused & injured hawaiian trainee like prisoner
	 
    


is fort sill at it again?today we're gonna "party" like it's still 2006...they call it gallows humor.  yet, it wasn't funny when i started documenting the abuse of injured trainees at fort sill, oklahoma...and it's not funny now, either.today, i read the following comments on this site from "concerned mother" lisa moniz and decided it was time to post here once again."my son is still at ft sill, it's been over a month since his injury. the outcome of the investigation, that i pushed so hard to get, was that the drill sgt acted inappropriately. of course the military directed this so-called investigation. due to his inappropriate act my sons vision and hearing is impaired. per their own neurologist, at ft sil, my sons vision is permanently damaged. he is being harrased everyday, confined to his quarters, eating only if his drill sgt remembers to get him out of his quarters. now, none of this was his fault, so someone please tell me, why is he being treated like a criminal? since july 19,2008, when the incident occured, i write a letter evernite and send it off in the morning. out of all those letters my son has recvd five. isn't this the kind of treatment someone gets when the are sent to prison? what can i do to help save my son? the last conversation i had with my son was on tuesday august 19,2008. which was only possible because of his meeting with his attorney james branum. my son is very depressed, he is falling apart with each passing day. if there is someone out there who can help, please respond. this is a desperate cry for help, please don't let my son be another lost soul."on july 19th, a drill sergeant at fort sill had a temper tantrum that resulted in a head injury to a trainee.  pvt. ja van yiu lin, age 19, is from waianae, in hawaii.  he entered bct (basic combat training) on july 10th, 2008.  on july 19th, his training came to an abrupt halt when an unnamed drill sergeant "pushed" a desk and a bunk bed into yiu lynn because he was angry.  [note: these are heavy cast metal bunks, see photo above]   pvt yiu lin's injury was a result of that drill sergeant's tantrum.the drill sergeant initially blamed pvt.yiu lin for sustaining the injury, but later recanted and said it was an “accident.”  pvt yiu lynn couldn't remember anything from the time of impact until he was in the hospital emergency room the afternoon of july 19th.  on july 20th, pvt yiu lynn was allowed to call his mother.  he informed her that he was having difficulty with his vision and hearing.  he was taken to the reynolds community hospital emergency room twice in two days, and received two clinic follow-ups.  he was originally returned to duty, with restrictions on marching and running.  his head still hurt, his vision was still blurred, and his hearing was impaired.apparently, since the injury, he has not been allowed to make unsupervised phone calls to his family.  [note: why?  unsupervised calls from the payphones to family are usually allowed in basic training]   his mother, lisa moniz, was and is frantic.lisa moniz blogson july 23rd, these remarks were posted in the comments area on this blog site from "concerned mother" a.k.a. lisa moniz:"aloha,all the way from hawaii. i acccidently came across your web site whil looking for information about new recruits in ft sill. my son is there for his basic training. i recvd some disturbing news that my son had recvd a head injury, which was inflicted by his drill sergeant. i've been told that there doing an investigation, but thats it. i've spoken to many sergeants, and still no progress. what should i do? the commander called and said "i assure you that your soldier is fine" so why is everything such a big secret? why cant i speak to my son, without them listening in? why did i recv. that disturbing phone call, stating that he was injured? what should i do? pls help me, i'm at the end. also do they have the right to have my telephone conversations at home, work,and cell, tampered with? help"i responded with what, sadly, has become my standard procedure (i'm not going to reiterate it here, it's all over this site) about how to deal with this kind of crisis.  it's hard to tell, sometimes, what to say other than the equivalent of "follow these instructions and call me in the morning."  often, parents make contact with me because they are angry, afraid, and they feel helpless.  many times they want "me" to "fix it" for them.  i wish it were that simple.  sometimes it's even a hoax or an attempted setup.  i hoped "concerned mother" lisa moniz was one of those bogus posters, just looking for attention.  she was not.on july 24th, "concerned mother" lisa moniz posted a follow-up comment:"thank you so much for responding. it's been five long days and, no one has contacted me about this so called investigation. a good friend of the family, who is retired from the army, and did his training in ft sill also gave some advice. since speaking with him i've been in contact with our senators, and they have been posting me daily on what they are doing. i've contacted local newspapers and now i'm recieving threats from those that would'nt assist me. (" to back off, and i don't know what i'm getting into") it's scary and i feel all alone. but, i won't give up. again, (mahalo) thank you! i will keep you posted"to someone who has never had to deal with this situation, the above remark might sound hysterical or far fetched.  sadly, hate mail, veiled threats, ridicule, and discrediting attempts, both for you and your son or daughter, are the very least to be expected.on july 29th, a story appeared in the honolulu star bulletin.  you can read it here:http://starbulletin.com/2008/07/29/news/story02.htmli was relieved that "concerned mother" was getting some assistance.  i left for a long scheduled two week camping trip.  when i returned, i found the august 1st follow-up story.  it was disturbing.http://starbulletin.com/2008/08/01/news/story04.htmleven a layperson can tell that pvt. yiu lyn’s symptoms could be signs of traumatic brain injury   .  that alone should be enough to get pvt yiu lyn some significant diagnostics.  instead, he's being treated like a prisoner, as moniz related above.in the report that moniz received from her senator's office about the initial incident, the following statement was made:"the battalion commander concluded the drill sergeant acted inappropriately, and will take the action that he deems necessary and proper to address the matter. however, such behavior by drill sergeants is not acceptable nor is it tolerated by the fort sill command."if that is true, why does this keep happening?  why am i writing about abuse and medical neglect of injured trainees at the same army post again just two years later?most recently, the big news has been the mold at fort sill in the wounded warrior unit  http://www.usatoday.com/news/military/2008-08-17-mold_n.htmand the subsequent removal of the whistleblower who was responsible for alerting the media to the problem when nothing was done.   http://www.usatoday.com/news/military/2008-08-19-fortsill_n.htmwhile this was headline news, it was hardly a surprise to those that know the deeply entrenched rot that permeates fort sill.  that rot has caused severe injury and death in the past, and apparently it's a gift that keeps on giving.what is wrong at fort sill?   why does this stuff keep happening?   and why is pvt yiu lyn being punished and his medical treatment neglected?  why is this news confined to the honolulu star bulletin and this blog?  fort sill is protecting the drill sergeant.  who is going to protect pvt.yiu lyn?  why is he being kept under wraps?  why is he being harassed?he, like many others, only wanted to serve his country.  his life has been forever altered because of a violent outburst by his superior. indeed, the most heart wrenching statement attributed to pvt yiu lyn from the aforementioned honolulu newspaper is that he still wants to remain in the army.  he still wants to serve his country...  now if only his country cared enough to help him.(patricia devarennes can be reached at ptrosss(at)gmail.com)           labels: army, basic training, fort sill, injured soldiers, trainee abuse

 




posted by pat dev at 1:05 pm
8 comments






sunday, march 18, 2007



	 
	 “i am a casualty of a broken system”—one year later
	 
    


christen scarano bailey with photo of her late son, mathew scaranoin memory of mathew scarano  by patricia devarennes“i am a casualty of a broken system; i fell through the cracks of the bureaucracy that is the system which all of us must go through, as is every other one of us who have been here.”-– mathew sterling scaranofebruary 1985- march 19, 2006i only met mathew scarano once in person, when i went to visit my son in the physical therapy and rehabilitation program (ptrp) at fort sill.  these locations are not often open for visitors.  they have long operated in the shadows with little direction and even less oversight.  mathew and i communicated via email, when he could find a way to get to a library or hospital computer.  [later, a much ballyhooed "internet cafe" in the ptrp still only allowed ptrp-ers to check their official army email and ako (army knowledge online)-pd].  mathew scarano was one of those special people that you never forget.  it still seems impossible that he's gone.  yet mathew scarano is definitely gone.  and there is a hole in the life of everyone he knew because of it.one year ago, this young army trainee's life was lost.  it wasn’t lost to war, it wasn’t lost to an unfortunate accident in a training exercise, it was lost in a fort sill, oklahoma facility that was purportedly “designed for injured iet soldiers, and provides a training environment that allows for proper healing and recovery.” (army pub tr 350-6).  the late pfc mathew scarano spent both his 20th and his 21st birthdays in fort sill’s physical training and rehabilitation program (ptrp) before his unexpected and still unofficially explained death on march 19, 2006.  (mathew scarano was not the first death at fort sill's ptrp.  there was another, pvt. poirier, in 2005, of "acute methadone intoxication".)the ptrp program, according to regulations was for injured trainees “likely to fully recover within 4 months, and complete all of the physical requirements of training” and gave a maximum stay policy for “up to 6 months”(army pub tr 350-6). the punitive and abusive circumstances these young men endured was documented last year, initially in this blog, then twice in counterpunch (here and here ), and finally by the new york times.(thanks to joann wypejewski and ralph blumenthal)i have excerpted some of  pfc mathew scarano’s own words below.  they are taken from two essays he sent to me during his self-study research into group psychology.   at the time of his death, we had also begun an exchange about mentoring new ptrp “inmates” (his two essay letters are available in whole here):“as of 15 mar 05, i have been in ptrp continuously for over one year, through the equivalent of several generations of ptrp. i believe this gives me a unique position from which to examine the underlying, root problems afflicting us all, since no one else, save the couple others who have been in ptrp nearly (within a month) as long as i have, have objectively seen the evolution of ptrp and witnessed how it affects different people, and from that, the true nature of ptrp."i am a living symbol of the failure of the system and after having been ignored for so long, despite trying to raise as much attention as i could, i might finally be able to get on with my adult life after spending over a third of it in ptrp, deprived of everything from being able to be with my family, to fundamental physical needs such as sleep and recuperation from my injury, to the basic human freedoms and creature comforts which i will never again take for granted.”on march 19th, 2006, five days after mathew scarano sent me a draft essay with his thoughts and observations about the fort sill ptrp, he was found dead in his bunk by his friends in the ptrp barracks.as of the writing of this blog entry, his mother, christen scarano bailey, has had no final report from the army on her son’s death.  the toxicology report raised more questions than it gave answers, and the drill sergeant’s medication log from the night of mathew’s death was mysteriously still "missing" at last report.in early 2006, the situation was tragically ripe for disaster.   another former fort sill ptrp occupant, shane, had the following to say regarding "scary" as he was known to many of his friends:“i was in ptrp from august 19th 2005 to december 15th 2005. i have dual feet injuries (the neurlogist believes its rsd which nothing can be done about.)’"during my tenure in ptrp i saw scarano in his overmedicated state before christmas exodus 2005. many of us had helped scary to final formation. even to the point of bringing his blankets and pillow to it."we usually had to support him back to the barracks. another comment on scary (scarano), he had been denied christmas exodus (note: exodus is the 2 weeks when training shuts down for the holidays-pd) the year (2004) before after he had already been in ptrp for awhile."of his own situation, shane continues:“i was put on crutches and removed from them 4 seperate times. i had certain doctors tell me that i needed a med board. i had one who told it was nothing and just push thru. he actually removed me from profile completely and had me training to take my pt test by exodus. i now struggle to walk and am being told by doctors i may need a wheelchair for the rest of my life." (note:  shane currently has a disability rating of 70%)"i never had a bone scan, mri, or emg test. those all came [were scheduled] when i applied for va benefits when i realized i couldn't handle my old job at all. they didn't do anything for you when they knew you were leaving either. most of us come out unprepared to reenter civilian life at all."no one listened to us when said things were bad there. they said we were lying.”note:  shane currently has a disability rating of 70% and is working to have that percentage increased as he is completely unemployable.former pvt. damien mcmahon, whose abuse at fort sill is documented both on this blog and in the counterpunch and new york times articles had a couple of additional remarks on this blog in response to another reader comment about mathew’s death:"the first is about scarano. i knew when the autopsy report came out there would be comments posted and mailed. it is amazing to me how somebody can make a death trivial because of the circumstances. nevermind how long he had been there, the family who saw him 2 weeks out of the 52+ weeks he had been there, nevermind his love for the military and his desire to serve his country which never ceased. never mind the people who came to be like brothers to him, because some completely uninvolved person with a narrow outlook on life decides that his death is his own fault. has this person who never met mathew sterling scarano (who was still willing to sacrifice his life for their freedom) ever suffered from a dibilitating pain so bad that they had to be put on a sleep medication, a otc anti-inflammatory, and two narcotic pain medications just to survive everyday life. and as if that wasn't bad enough, make sure that the people who lived in the place with him for 6 months plus, those who looked at scary like a brother, are also to blame because we failed him...”during his interview with the new york times, injured then-private justin nugent expressed his admiration for mathew scarano's intellect.  his shock and anger on discovering that his friend, mathew, had died while justin was on a short convalescence at home, was still evident.  his father characterized the treatment at fort sill's ptrp as "cruel and inhuman".  (nugent, a former athlete, was discharged, is home and currently working for an administrative firm.)former pvt. clayton howell, who was the first to document his lengthy stay (over one year) at fort sill's ptrp, had also earlier attempted to report mathew scarano's apparent overmedication.  he'd been ignored.  in his essay, he documented the situation at fort sill at that time:"we are being told that if we complain to any of our superiors or talk to our congressmen that they will “step on us like a bug” “be destroyed” or “crush our nuts.” we live in constant fear of retaliation for something we do or something somebody else does because they don’t punish just one person they take it out on everybody."propaganda posters are strewn all over the building we live [in] about noncommissioned officers respecting their subordinates but none of us here have ever seen an ounce of respect, help, or the first sign of being treated like a decent human being."i'd like to be able to say that things have changed at fort sill's ptrp since mathew scarano's death a year ago, but i can't.   as late as december & january of 2006, i received information regarding abuses by fort sill ptrp drill sergeants.  i get reports in comments and email that show the other medical hold and ptrp facilities at training bases are little better, even now.   the abuses have been reported by both men and women. mathew scarano and his ptrp peers were and are indeed casualties of a broken system.  that particular system seeks to intimidate all those who would shed light on abusive and punitive actions taken in the guise of a medical environment unfortunately still entirely under the purview of  drill sergeants untrained in dealing with injured trainees.  yet the young men who spoke up last year are more than "just" casualties.  mathew scarano and many of fort sill's former ptrp occupants are heroes...they stood up for themselves and each other, speaking out and lifting each other up, sometimes literally, in an environment of fear and retribution wielded by their superiors.mathew scarano has been gone for a year.   some of his friends and peers are at home now, struggling to rebuild their lives around permanent disabilities.  others (such as pfc thurman) left the ptrp with a permanent medical limitation and have been deployed to iraq. (at one point, an active duty army officer calculated the odds of death in iraq to the odds of death in fort sill's ptrp and declared iraq to be safer.)there is some hope that new pending regulations governing initial entry training, including the ptrp, will be more specific in their policies and procedures.  they purportedly provide more guidance and requirements for those cadre members who are actually interested in improvement and more policies to govern those who are not (regarding abuse reporting, for example).perhaps if harsh consequences for perpetrators of abuse and medical neglect were employed, those whom routinely practice it would be weeded out or kept on a shorter leash.  perhaps one day, the injured will not be treated as worthless malingerers and trash to be thrown out.  perhaps one day, my blog will be obsolete.   that day can't come too soon for many ptrp and medical hold alumni and their loved ones.for now, abuse and medical neglect continue to be reported in these areas.  fear overrules most family members and trainees willingness to be more than anonymous commenters to those (including journalists) whose hands are often tied by that very anonymity.  for now, the abusers and the apathetic in charge are protected, their faces also anonymous in the shadows. for now, there is no justice and little consolation for mathew scarano's family, or for any of the other "broke-dick" trainees past & present, whose lives have been lost or shattered while trying to serve their countries.chronological record of posts on fort sill's ptrp:(note:  these posts are archived by month, please scroll the pages to locate specific entries)january 2006: abuse is rampant at fort sill, oklahomafebruary 2006:  the abuse at fort sill, oklahoma escalates/cover up of abuse begins at fort sill, oklahoma/another method to silence abused injured soldiers at fort sill/ cadre at fort sill ptrp thinks abuse is funnymarch 2006:  abusive drill sergeant removed at fort sill/  injured soldier pfc mathew scarano dies in fort sill's ptrpapril 2006:  fort sill’s adjutant general supports abusive tactics at ptrp/ bully behavior from fort sill...or it's not overmay 2006:  abuse is old hat at fort sill’s ptrp/ fort sill's ptrp -- the aftermathlabels: fort sill, injured soldiers, ptrp, trainee abuse

 




posted by pat dev at 7:31 pm
1 comments






monday, may 22, 2006



	 
	 fort sill's ptrp -- the aftermath
	 
    


as expected, i have begun to receive comments and emails that essentially dismiss the importance of the situation at fort sill, because the autopsy report shows that pfc mathew scarano died by oral ingestion of fentanyl in an amount 3 times that of the lethal dose.  by inference, some of those comments suggest that this negates everything that has happened at fort sill's ptrp.  i started to reply in-depth to one of the more conscientious anonymous commenters, and then realized that it really was time to write another post here.  my apologies to mathew scarano's family while i talk about him as if he were just a generic and faceless trainee (as if there were such a thing):here is the 2nd comment from concerned (located in lawton, oklahoma) and my response in italics:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------from: concerned  mailed-by: blogger.comto: ptrosss@gmail.comdate: may 22, 2006 3:12 amsubject: [we are all volunteers in this army] 5/22/2006 12:12:24 amms. dev - i hold people accountable for their own behavior. there are hundreds of thousands of people in the usa who are prescribed narcotic medications for one reason or another. all are accountable for how they use it - they all don't need human monitors; just mature behavior on proper use of prescription medication. the majority have no problems.how i see it, is that pfc scarano's fellow trainees betrayed him by not telling the ones in charge about their knowledge about his behavior, because they were afraid of punishment for pfc scarano, as you suggested. punishment rather than death would have been more preferable. wouldn't you agree? doctors aren't in the unit to manage day-by-day matters, the cadre are. shame on drill sergeants too who didn't ask questions about overmedicated behavior.i beg to disagree -- we do know what killed pfc scarano and that is by having three times the fatal limit of the pain medication in his body. the only way for that to happen is if he orally ingested his medication, just like others described. look it up in a pharmacology textbook or talk to a pharamacist. his behavior. his choice. he was the one most responsible for his own death. did other factors play a role; yes, how could they not.i hear there have been a multitude of changes in the ft. sill ptrp program since you and others have brought to light particular abusive situations that existed. kudos on your efforts.the reason for my vocality is the seemingly grouping everything into one pot, when evidence suggests otherwise -- particuarly when it involves drug addictions. i have lived with family members who have had drug addictions and have even died from them. pfc scarano's legacy at ft. sill should be to emphasis the need for increased knowledge about drug addiction and how fellow soldiers have an duty to them and commands in helping to identify and seek treatment for soldiers who need it. something to think about from an anonymous okie. -------------------------------------------------------------------------<>dear anonymous concerned okie:i, too, hold people accountable for their own behavior. yet when that behavior occurs inside an institutionalized setting, it creates dynamics that can't be ignored.  i don't have an agenda, except to bring as much info about the ptrp situations to light as possible.what i believe that you aren't seeing is that it was common knowledge that pfc scarano was overmedicated.  that is, the drill sergeants saw him every day, and multiple members of the chain of command, in addition to his his peers.  of the two sets of observers, the ptrp-er who had been there longest (more than a year), and the eldest in age, (pvt howell) reported to cmhs (community mental health service) that pvt scarano was overmedicated, and not using his medication properly.  this was reported by pvt howell to his own doctor, who was also pfc mathew scarano's doctor!  howell then reported that action back to his fellow trainees.  that was the time for intervention by the authorities at fort sill, was it not?  i don't understand why you aren't acknowledging that in fact, his situation had been reported.  perhaps you aren't aware that the cmhs is the authority at fort sill that prescribes and monitors many of the narcotic medications.i am not doubting that mathew scarano ingested fentanyl.  i have read about fentanyl until my eyes are crossed.  i believe there is more to the story. when a key piece of evidence is missing, it is suspicious, no matter how you frame it. that piece of evidence is the medication log for saturday.  mathew scarano was typcally issued his patches, by his request (around the time of his death), after final formation at 6pm. in earlier months, he was given his medication earlier.  yet his mother spoke with him in the late afternoon of the night of his death (saturday) and his speech was already slurred, which was unusual.  why was his speech already slurred?  apparently, there's no physical evidence in the autopsy report that mathew scarano ingested his patch.  even assuming that he was able to remove it from his mouth, after ingesting 3 times the amount required to cause death, how would he have disposed of it?  did a comatose mathew scarano get up out of bed and throw it away somewhere that the cid couldn't have found it first thing in the morning when the area was closed off for investigation?  if they did find something, would it not have been included in the report?  that would have been the easiest and simplest way to place the "blame" back on the deceased young man, would it not?  but this is all in the way of splitting hairs (albeit important) after the fact.  mathew scarano was in the ptrp far longer than even the regulations at the time permitted him to be there.  so were many others.  the new regulations are an improvement if they are followed, but if the previous 6-month regulation had been adhered to, mathew scarano would have been at home months ago.  assuming, for the sake of argument, that mathew scarano had become a prescription drug addict over his 13 months (minus one week return to training) in the ptrp at fort sill, consider this... he was 19 years old when he went in, and turned 20 and 21 in the ptrp.  how many tools does someone that age have to deal with a growing addiction and no support?  when your only in-person contact with your family is 2 weeks at christmas, and a weekend once a month (and that only started this year in february), what happens to you?  when your entire world revolves around multiple drill sergeant's whims for 13 months, what happens to you? i'm not just speaking to pfc mathew scarano's state of mind, but of the entire ptrp, many of whom have had stays of longer than 6 months. these 36-40 young men were confined to a small, designated area that included only their bay (quarters), dining hall, and a small workout area.  the trainees were not allowed off-post passes, and for part of the time, they weren't allowed away from that designated area at all, even on-post.  to stray outside the area of confinement meant that you were subject to arrest.  even within that area, you were subject to administrative action (like article 15s) for walking alone.  you could not go from one building to the next in your proscribed area without a companion.  if you drank a coke from a vending machine, you were punished.  if you possessed a cellphone and got caught, you were punished.  when you went to your doctor's appointments at the medical center on post, there was a drill sergeant telling to stop talking, to sit up, to wake up, etc.  if you were working at your assigned job, you were subject to harassment by civilian employees.  the boot camp scenario, that in the "real" army world only lasts for 9 weeks, was perpetuated for more than a year for some trainees.  mathew scarano was one of those trainees.  add abuse on to this minimum security prison-like environment, and what happens?  fort sill has carefully worded their statement to point out that verbal abuse in the form of cursing was going on... but cursing is the least of the verbal abuse that they endured. these young men were told day in and day out that they were worthless.  they were told that they were lazy, were malingerers, and lying about being injured, even though they can't get into the ptrp without a valid medical diagnosis and test results (x-rays, mri, bonescan, etc.).  day in and day out they were told that they did everything wrong, even to having to re-scrape and re-wax a floor because it wasn't good enough. when they tried to go through their chain of command, they were ignored and threatened and laughed at. once the information was public, they were threatened and verbally abused and laughed at again.even after pfc mathew scarano's death, when the csm (command sgt major) for fort sill's training (in april) went on a tour through the ptrp, he wasn't familiar with their circumstances.  obviously, the chain of command didn't advise him.  the csm remarked, upon seeing a television, that the ptrp-ers shouldn't watch so much tv.  he noticed that a pool table was pushed against the wall.  he said that playing pool burned more calories than watching tv and suggested their tv time be curtailed and that they should play more pool. the battery commander didn't bother to tell the csm that the pool cues and balls had been confiscated back in ds langford's era because it was a "waste of time", and those items never returned.  nor did he bother to inform the csm that tv time was confined to 2 hours in the evenings, and that with rare exceptions, the only programming allowed was military related documentaries or the news.  the csm also wasn't informed that the able ptrp-ers already did pt (physical training) twice a day, and weren't apt to be in danger of getting fat.  no one has ever addressed the abuse situation directly with the trainees, to this day.  they have to read it in the paper -- that is -- when they can get it.mathew scarano exhibited all the symptoms of being overmedicated.  his fellow trainees often assisted him to formation, and even insured that he was in the correct sleeping positions.  at least one trainee reported suspected drug abuse to his doctor at cmhs. their actions went above and beyond simply coexisting with him.  as i reported in earlier posts, there were a significant number of trainees exhibiting a variety of mental health problems and symptoms of overmedication.  i can't stress enough that a toxic environment was and is the problem at fort sill.the climate of fear of reprisal that existed, that caused the trainees not to trust their chain of command, continues to exist at fort sill's ptrp even today.  until that is remedied, it doesn't take a crystal ball to predict there will be more incidents of various types.  as late as april 18th, a young african-american trainee was refused his medications by a drill sergeant because he was late to the allocation.  in the wee hours of the morning, that trainee had to be rushed to the emergency room.  april 18th.  just a month ago.  and this supposedly after the "climate" for abuse that is acknowledged by fort sill has supposedly changed.  why isn't that on the front page of a newspaper?  why, because most of the occupants of the ptrp and their families are still afraid to speak out.  

 




posted by pat dev at 8:22 am
20 comments






monday, may 08, 2006



	 
	 medical hold abuse reaches beyond fort sill
	 
    


by patricia devarennesif you are perceived as weak, you will be abused.  if you are still in training status, you have no status.  that seems to be a common attitude among those in command of soldiers in the various medical hold systems at some army training bases in our country.  during the past five months of blogging about the  abusive and  inhumane  situation at  fort sill, i have received a large amount of feedback about the ptrp (physical therapy and rehabilitation program) and medical hold programs, not only at fort sill, but at other training facilities.  one soldier, who asked for complete anonymity, described to me that at one point in the ptrp process, he forgot his first name and had to look it up.  he’s never told anyone else that before, but wanted people to understand how dehumanizing and overwhelming the ptrps can be…their stories deserve to be heard.  although fort knox has court-martialed drill sergeants for abuse in basic training, abuses in their ptrp apparently went unpunished in the same time frame.  on march 7, 2006, john related his story (additional comments by him were added later and are also included):"profiles," or the paperwork that denoted the limits of what you could physically do, were frequently violated by drill sergeants. in one incident, a drill sergeant jokingly jumped on an injured private and cracked some of his ribs. i personally had hair ripped from my chest by a drill sergeant. getting six hours of sleep and spending all day doing manual labor and standing in formation is not a sufficient way to "heal." …i was at ptrp at ft. knox from early august 2004 to early october 2004. the commanding officer at the time was a physical therapist (this was used to bolster their claim of what a great program it was). despite this, the return to duty rate seemed relatively low. when people were granted their medical discharge papers by their doctors he would often threaten to shred them, and i believe in the case of one private in october of 2004 he actually did such.after i was out, i contacted my congressman. senator john cornyn's office actually sparked an investigation with a governing medical unit in the army. their conclusion? well, it pertained to my medical treatment. i really didn't have any complaints there; i was angered at that unit. their response? "any claims against the unit should be addressed by the unit." did the unit ever respond? nope.…from what i've heard about jackson's ptrp, it isn't too bad. knox, sill and benning all have awful reputations, though. in my six weeks there i witnessed one person desert and two others openly threaten suicide to the point where they were discharged. not that the drill sergeant who said, "kill yourself, i don't care. you probably deserve it," was much of a morale booster to dozens of injured and disenchanted privates.   while there are good souls who work the ptrps around this nation, it is keen to remember an old proverb: the fish stinks from the head. my old commanding officer threatening to put medical paperwork through a paper shredder is case in point. ptrps are often archaic, festering shitholes that have no business existing in the american military, and some of what goes on there is a disgrace to the hundreds of thousands of men and woman who honorably serve our country. i wish i could say that i've mentioned all the downsides to ptrp, but it's only the tip of the iceberg.”there's plenty i didn't cover- like having injured soldiers buffing all night, all types of bizarre threats, and injuries that people received while in ptrp. one private fell down the stairs and broke his foot; another had a drill sergeant jump on his chest a joke and crack his ribs. granted, he was friends with the drill sergeant in question, but when a 30 year old man (drill sergeant) is jumping on an injured trainee as a game, you have to wonder about their integrity. he was also fond of forcing us to do pushups. i'll never forget private (name deleted) in medical hold getting "smoked" with us shortly before departing to walter reed hospital for back surgery. this is still just the tip of the iceberg. (note: smoking is “corrective training, frequently pushups, used to punish trainees for infractions, real or imagined).another army soldier, who is still in active service, sent me the card shown above.  they were apparently issued to all incoming trainees at fort benning.  he was not injured, but relates what he observed happening to those who were (note: “recycling" means repeating basic training):“if a soldier was ill or injured enough they sent them home which i know because we had 4 soldiers re-enter during my cycle from other battalions.  my corroboration in with what is happening at ft. sill though comes from those soldiers i knew well who, for legitimate medical reasons or other reasons were set aside but were right along side of us for our training.they all should've been gone within a week of being pulled out but most were around till the 7-8th week of training and were being given the run around, one week they'd come in all smiles after being told they'd be discharged in a week and the next day they find out it could take 6. we had one guy hang himself with his belt on his bunk and apparently while we were gone one of the "softer" trainees found himself in the middle of a drill seargeant 'shark attack' and later that day slit his wrists with his shaving razor. ...there wasn't a minute that went by when the drill seargeant's didn't make some type of verbal attack at them or to the rest of us about them to make sure that they and we knew it. with the exception of those that went awol, which as i learned when i had to go to the infirmary happens with alarming frequency despite the warning that it's an offense punishable by "death," that those guys didn't really deserve it. the stigma behind joining the group of 'flunkies' was such that a soldier in my platoon was so against being put in that group that he attempted to stay with us with a back problem so bad he could barely do anything at times. not being recycled is the only thing that keeps people from going to sick call sometimes no matter the pain, which is a shame….especially since the card that they handed us at benning specifies that as one of our basic, your son's as well, rights along with the right, "to be treated fairly and with the respect which all men and women deserve."  it hurts me to know that so few people are able as in the case with abu ghraib and so many other things in life can tarnish the image of many and bring su much pain and unneeded suffering to others. reading the story of the ptrp unit at sill just shows the bullheaded stubbornness that a few misguided soldiers can have, in this case the ncos the ones who are to be the backbone of the army. that is the type of unprofessionalism that some of the older ncos that i've come across in my short time in the army have warned me about. i know that if when and if i reach that level i won't repeat those types of offenses. i'd like to thank you for sounding the alarm for these types of abuses happening within the system that is to breed the sons and daughters that are to bleed. if it's going to happen anywhere the last place it should be is on us soil and definitely not in training, or bowels therein. while my experience at ft. benning was not the most perfect of times the bulk of my drills were looking out for us and for that i thank them. “pfc ski” runs a  site dedicated to the ptrp .  he has made his story public in order to try to help other current and former ptrp occupants, and to try to open a dialog with the army.  his injuries are permanent…so is his pain.  here is an excerpt of his story:ptrp  it's a name that anybody who has been in will never forget.i outlasted most of the sgts and all of the iet [initial entry trainees] and aits [advanced individual trainees] at flw [fort leonard wood].it is groundhog day, and the only time we felt like soldiers is when somebody did something wrong or it as a bad day for the sgt on duty.  most people i served with want to forget what happened, some of them don't talk at all about it like it never happened.i was 26 in 2000.  my father and his father both army, my father being a cop i had a different childhood then most . my point is that i was no hs grad that never had a job, i worked as a loss prevention detective and worked court cases (i never lost a case). i know whats right and wrong.my first clue that things were not right was when we were sent to burn in the sun in pts with no head gear july in mo, the mo heat has melted the wax off my combat boots, and it did it that week. my skin has not changed back where i was burned, and some had to got the hospital for burns.even the coldest shower on my head hurt like hell.what happened while i was in ptrp was not military, it was hate, nothing less then hate for us.the army knows whats going on patricia, they just have to look at the amout of stress fractures going into ptrp and then coming out.at flw ptrp they got rid of most the bad sgts, and for a while it was just the every day "groundhog day" that was the problem.while i was in we only had 2 books our army "smart book" and our religious choice. no other reading was allowed. we were to read standing at the end of our bunks, we would go months without phone calls, we had to sneak body soap and writing paper from people who went to the hospital as the sgts maybe took us to get stuff once a month; people wanted paper and pens more then soap that should tell you something.i have seen things that i think my own blood family thinks i'm lying about.i have seen people forced out of med profile only to hurt them self more and get medboarded.they would stick ftu [fitness training unit] in with us, they have no military anything and would cause problems and we ptrp would also get punished. they did this fully knowing this would happen.i have seen people forced to kneel on acls [torn anterior cruciate ligament, severe injury of the knee] forced "front back gos" people while stress fractures in hips no less...[front =pushup position; back =flutter kick position; go = running in place].some do this because they want to weed out people that most likely will not make it back, and they think that hurting them more will hurry this and move other people into a bunk.some do it because they are well f**ked, i seen good people get broke because they would "smoke them" before  their test to get out of ptrp.2 fireguards a night for 2 weeks does strange things too you, on top of no sleep you cant take your pain meds on fear of falling asleep on duty.  they know this fully.awols, some killed themselves after getting to the holding company going out of the army, the list goes on. we even had sgts who would smoke us right after we ate, some threw up because of their pain meds.i did 2 basics before ptrp, i was sent back to week 1 1/2 because i missed 4 sit-ups on my last test.  i did basic again mostly helping soldiers and odd jobs brm d&c map training, but me and other holdovers never did anything dangerous like a course. the last week before graduating they sent all the holdover and myself on a course.  my buddie that came with me from my first time around basic went with me to ask if we had to do this as we seen many people get hurt the first time we did it.sgt said no we had to do it, i got half done with the course, went up 30 feet and fell.  after i fell they pulled all the hold overs and anybody who did it before off.it was found that 1 should not have been sent back too another basic 2. i should have never been on that course.  i got retired 30%i had too fight to get 100% ss and 100% va, i was but on trdl temp retired disabled list and have had too go to walter reed every year too get checked too see how i'm doing.i just got a letter 5 days ago that they want to drop my retirement to 20% just off being retired. they can only keep you on trdl for 5 years this was my last year i have been found disabled all these years but the last year they can keep me on they want to short change me.so now i have to fight again.…i have a torn rotor cuff and nerve damage rsd yahoo search rsd and you will see how bad this is. i am unable to do anything i did before the army and it hurts all the time.i was promoted just before i left , i was also retired with a flag, i have no show able vise with the army, as in i have no 15's or had to leave with problems, iwas shown as a model soldier.i also worked outside ptrp was given freedom tho this was at the end of it all.i miss the army more then my own life.  the family you have in the army is closer then blood family and if they said they could fix me but it would take 15 years off my life i would do it so i could go back in the army.as bad as it is for all this to happen here, at home, i did not imagine that it happened in a war with the same arrogance and lack of purpose.  in some ways, it was yet more shocking to me when i received the following comment on my blog:“date: mar 27, 2006 10:37 amsubject: [we are all volunteers in this army] 3/27/2006 06:37:53 ami was called up for the first gulf war despite the fact that i had a broken ankle and a torn ligament in my knee and was wearing a cast. the colonel in charge of the battalion wanted 100 percent mobilization.when i got to the mobilization station i was shuffled off to a similar temporary holding unit with other injured soldiers. as an nco i wasn't treated nearly this badly, but we were basically abandoned til the war ended and then they couldn't dump us out fast enough. despite having a cast and crutches, i had to supervise civilians and soldiers outdoors in subzero temperatures in snow and ice. consequently, i fell and reinjured my ankle.during this whole time you are made to feel like a criminal, as if you had done this to yourself just to get out of something. i have read many articles that say the same things are happening now and talked to a few old buddies who are still on active duty that say the same. once you are no longer of use to them they quit caring about you.i am in the american legion now and we are constantly fighting the cuts to the va benefits this admnistration has put forth. it is the same mindset at work.”the situation at the various ptrp or medical hold locations throughout the army is longstanding and, in some cases (such as fort sill), critical.  their stories speak for themselves.  their stories are all too familiar.  it should not be this way.  these young men and women are our family members, our friends, out friends’ kids, our coworkers and our neighbors.  the ptrp and medical hold systems need a complete overhaul.  the original purpose of the ptrp was intended to relieve soldiers of many of the physical and psychological strains and stresses associated with the iet (initial entry training) environment at training posts. obviously, the situation is intensified and more dangerous when soldiers are in a training environment, but even release from that environment is no insurance against abuse if you are injured.  if the drill sergeants and chains of command over these injured soldiers are incapable of supervising the care of the injured, they should pass these soldiers over to those who can take care of them in their home communities, or at the very least, in a competent medical rehabilitation setting that addresses their physical injuries and treats them as human beings instead of trash.(note:  any blog comments are available for review throughout the various blogposts)thanks to  joann wypijewski for keeping me going when i got discouraged, and believing in this story when no one else did.

 




posted by pat dev at 7:35 pm
23 comments









	 
	 abuse is old hat at fort sill’s ptrp
	 
    


by patricia devarennesat fort sill, the attitude toward injured soldiers in training is that they are “pretending to be injured”.  that’s the word from a soldier who recently graduated from basic training at fort sill and asked not to be identified.  in a system that was designed to remove soldiers from the rigors of the basic training environment, it depends entirely on the individual drill sergeants as to how the occupants are treated.  some of these injured soldiers have actually completed all their training.  others are at various stages in their training programs when they are injured.  fort sill’s policy has been to take some drill sergeants who were at the end of their stint in basic training, and have them “cool down” in the ptrp.  unfortunately, their cooling down process often made the ptrp occupants the objects of their contempt.  regulations outlining a maximum 6-month stay have been ignored.  several occupants were retained for over a year, and many more exceeded the six-month cap.  that has placed injured soldiers in a situation where they may be subject to the whims of multiple drill sergeants and commanders over their stay, with little in the way of consistency or follow-up investigation into their situations.  in addition, there appears to be a tradition of abusive behavior in fort sill’s ptrp.  it was hardly surprising, then, that my reporting the recent situation there was initially met with a complete lack of understanding of the reason why i called it abuse.  this comment from alex illustrates a history that goes back to 1990:“i found out about your blog on another website, checked it out and was sickened by the information, as well as the groundswell of emotions that came over me.i was a member of delta battery, 2/80 in the summer of 1990, where i came down with viral brochitis. after 3 days in the hospital, i was sent to the ptrp at the 95th ag. it horrifies me to find out that 16 years later the same damned things are still happening."additional documentation by those current or recent occupants of fort sill’s ptrp is available    here (scroll down). one trainee dropped in who had escaped the confines of fort sill’s ptrp and ftu to corroborate the recent events documented in earlier posts:date: mar 12, 2006 5:18 pmi was in ptrp for 6 months and was treated badly as well as all the other privates...there were people in there with knee or arm problems and they told us we all had to stay up past lights out and scrape the floor...now mind you a lot of us could not get on our knees to scrape or use our arms to scrape...im glad ds (expletive deleted) is gone. b-btry needs to be shut down...one aspect of the ptrp situation at fort sill that remains unresolved is the practice of moving the soldiers back and forth between the ftu (fitness training unit) and the ptrp.  even through the current time, some soldiers, having run out of options to get proper medical care, will accept being moved into the ftu in the hopes of getting out one way or the other (either through passing their final pt (physical training) test or by attempting it enough times within a several week period that they could be “chaptered”.  some families who do try to intervene on behalf of their family members are met with an escalating process of being placated, then ignored.  unfortunately, some of our government representatives can’t even be bothered to “support the troops” here at home:  such has been the case with jacqi’s son, whose head injury, received during physical therapy for a knee injury, has potentially dangerous symptoms.  her comments on my blog over time illustrate this aspect of what happens when you try to get past the laissez faire attitude of the system and those outside it:march 4, 2006when i read these articles i really went nuts. being from a military family, i expect my son to be "made a man", however there is a difference between character building and abuse. my son is in ptrp and he had suggested i look for a sight called suffering at fort sill as it described his very first day there. i couldn't find that however i did find this one. i immediately contacted the ip and he confirmed that (with a grain of salt) these stories are somewhat true with a little embellishment of course. however an investigation had been launched and that the sargents in question are no longer there. i spoke to my son last night and he confirmed that as well and said that things are starting to change and it is getting better. his first day was the kneecapping and he was also on the second wave of scraping the wax. his knee injury happened in november and at this time they still have 3 different diagnosis's and have yet to do anything. that as of yesterday is also changing. master sargent dixon was very helpful and i now feel alot better about the situation knowing that he is a man of his word. within one day he had accomplished what he had promised to me. thank you for posting this site so that i was able to know what was going on as my son could not tell me anything and able to do something about it.”april 21, 2006“well the inadequate health care still continues. my son during physical therapy had a 50 lbs weight dropped on his head ended up luckily with only 8 staples in his scalp. no further tests were done on this and since has been suffering with crippling headaches which drop him to his knees. they are refusing to do a cat scan as they want a doctor to prescribe it and as they are putting him in a 3 week limit to pass his run he is now longer receiving physical therapy (though still needed) and doesn't have a "doctor" to authorize a cat scan. my son has opted for the transfer for the pt test so as to finally be out of 95th one way or the other. of course if he is discharged he will very likely have no medical back up for his injuries either. the depression has gotten out of hand as has the verbal and psychological abuse causing it . i have written to all the representatives, congress and the president and not one has responded either verbally or in writing. obviously the government has no desire to take care of thier own.may 3“my son was also just charged with an article 15 for having his cell phone which supposed after march 1st they could have. as he graduated basic and ait all except his run due to his knee injury he was supposed to have the same privilges which of course he is not. he stated that he will accept punishment for the cell phone as he did have it but he is now in a battle about the rights that they are entitled to. of course as he has spoken to the ip for the previous investigations and has stated flat out to them that he will fight the abuses they do not look kindly at him. he is still being denied the cat scan as they "feel there is probably nothing wrong" although they still cannot explain the excruciating headaches just gave him aspirin. i have written and paid for delivery of letters directly to the president, and every member of congress as well as the first lady. the last batch of letters were done on the 24th of april and still not even an acknowledgement. they have however deleted my letters (for the second time)from the "letters to leaders section. the government is a joke and there is no one in power that is willing to step in and help. i cant even get the press interested enough to look into it.”it appears that no one in command is motivated to intervene for these young men, individually or collectively.pvt. clayton howell, a fearless advocate for his fellows in the ptrp, was another of the injured who was shuffled back and forth from the ptrp to the ftu (see his document    here or here when you scroll down ).  uncomfortably for fort sill, he also went to the cmhs (community mental health service), who was administering the late mathew scarano’s medication well before pvt. scarano’s death, to register his concern over the drugged state scarano was in each night.  he reminded the cid (criminal investigation division) of this upon their interview.  for his efforts, howell is currently awaiting a discharge for a psychological disorder.  at least he will be out of the ptrp and ftu arenas…but at what personal cost?for fort sill, problems of corruption and dishonesty within its command community are eye opening:in january of 2005, a drill instructor and staff sergeant were convicted of selling  pt insurance to trainees to guarantee their passing the final test.  the drill instructor was also convicted of assault and conspiracy.  in april of 2006, thirteen soldiers, at least 8 of whom were from fort sill, including a captain, and 6 sergeants, had either pleaded guilty or were convicted and awaiting sentencing from “operation tarnish star”, a drug operation involving cocaine trafficking.recently, two regulations were changed.  one involves the p2 or permanent medical profile.  an injured trainee, under certain circumstances, can apply for a permanent medical profile.  these p2s, as they are called, are most commonly given to those trainees with extremity injuries.  p2s who have not completed their training program are theoretically allowed to return to training, to try once again to complete their training regimen.  if they have completed training, they are then allowed to retake their final pt test with an alternate event.however, the command at fort sill has categorically informed those at the ptrp that they need not waste their time attempting to return to training.  one young man who attempted to do so was immediately sent back to the ptrp, rejected for training.  because he was considered healed, the ptrp sent him upstairs to the ftu.  what happens to these soldiers who are branded no longer injured, but not allowed to return to training?  the unfortunate soldiers who already have their p2s are now stuck trying to figure out how to get rid of them.  what seemed like a viable solution from tradoc command to further the army’s goal of retention had now turned into a limbo of another sort.  permanent medical profiles allowing an alternate event (a long standing practice with specific regulations and guidelines for those outside the training environment) are being rendered useless by the fort sill training command’s commitment to a power struggle.this power struggle that continues between the training command and the medical command once again has the lowest ranking soldiers as its victims.  the only time in recent history that they have had a common interest was when pvt. mathew scarano died unexpectedly.the other regulation that has been changed looks promising on the surface.  i received the following communication on april 17th from the tradoc command surgeon’s office.“i would like to officially let you know that we have changed the wording of tradoc regulation 350-6  as highlighted below.  this change has been authorized by the commanding general of army accessions command, and notice has been sent to all brigade commanders, tradoc wide. i appreciate your efforts on behalf of the entire ptrp community.  please be aware that your efforts have had a positive impact on how the ptrp system is run across the entire army, and not just a fort sill.  the intent of ptrp was to help injured warriors recover by moving them to a safe place to heal, and not to risk further worsening injuries by continuing to overuse joints or limbs that needed a safe place to heal.  it is a good program, with a noble intent, and we are now much further down the road to repairing the problem you noted.”7) within 90 days of assignment to ptrp, commanders will  obtain a written statement of clinical prognosis  from the supporting medical community (i.e. physical therapist, orthopedic surgery staff)  concerning assigned soldier's progress and likelihood of full recovery by 4 months of ptrp assignment.  this recommendation should contain a clinical assessment of whether the soldier is expected to recover sufficiently to withstand the rigors of army training, and complete all of the physical requirements of bct/osut by 4 months of ptrp assignment. see paragraph h-3b for details.c. ninety-day clinical assessment.  ptrp commanders will request recommendations from their soldiers' physicians, 90 days following assignment to the ptrp, concerning a soldier's progress and likelihood of full recovery by 4 months of ptrp assignment. (1) this recommendation should contain a clinical assessment of whether the soldier is expected to recover enough to withstand the rigors of army training, and complete all of the physical requirements of bct/osut by 4 months of ptrp assignment. (2) if there is a low likelihood of recovery from the injury, then the physician, after discussion of the soldier with the ptrp/recbn commander, should initiate a meb. (3) if there is a reasonable likelihood that the soldier will indeed recover, then the soldier should continue to be supported through rehabilitation, with the long-term expectation that he or she will return to training. after 90 days of assignment, a new assessment of the soldier's progress and likelihood for recovery should be made and documented every 30 days thereafter (assuming that an meb was not initiated at the 90-day mark).if this new regulation is followed, it will mean that many of the situations of the past year at fort sill will be avoidable in the future.as always, some individuals rose above the politics of the situation to deal with the problems at hand.  members of tradoc’s surgeon’s office have been by far the most concerned about the well being of injured soldiers in training.  fort sill’s ptrp situation should be relatively easy to improve.  yet, the response by fort sill’s command has been inadequate at best, and criminal at worst.  all these young men in the ptrp volunteered to serve their country in a time of war.  they deserve our respect, not our derision.  the late mathew scarano described himself and his fellows in the ptrp as “casualties of a broken system.”as long as the fort sill ptrp system depends entirely on the kindness and professionalism of individuals, it remains a situation always ripe for cruelty, and the history of abuse at fort sill will have more chapters.

 




posted by pat dev at 7:03 pm
3 comments






wednesday, april 26, 2006



	 
	 bully behavior from fort sill...or it's not over
	 
    


i suppose i shouldn’t be surprised.  for my son, who just last week finally made his exit from fort sill’s ptrp (physical training and rehabilitation program), to his first duty station, it’s not over.  after 8 months at fort sill, and more than ½ of that time in fort sill’s ptrp environment (for stress fractures in his ankle), my son, amidst support from his command sgt major, passed his alternate pt test. now someone in the chain of command at fort sill has apparently decided that revenge is required.  on this day, his second day of actual duty at his first duty station, my son was advised that an email had been sent from the chain of command at fort sill, about his problem.  yes, he was a “problem”, and in good company.  he and some of his peers cared more about their fellow injured soldiers than you did.  he and they cared more about the truth than they did about their own hides.  he and they saw the pack mentality of those that were over them, and refused to let their fears paralyze them.  they refused to become institutionalized.  they did not develop stockholm syndrome or anything else like that.  instead, they took their army values seriously and stood up for themselves and each other.  a gimpy band of brothers in a no-win situation.  let’s just quickly review those values, in case you don't know them or have forgotten:loyaltybear true faith and allegiance to the u.s. constitution, the army, and other soldiers.be loyal to the nation and its heritage.dutyfulfill your obligations.accept responsibility for your own actions and those entrusted to your care.find opportunities to improve oneself for the good of the group.respectrely upon the golden rule.how we consider others reflects upon each of us, both personally and as a professional organization.selfless serviceput the welfare of the nation, the army, and your subordinates before your own.selfless service leads to organizational teamwork and encompasses discipline, self-control and faith in the system.honorlive up to all the army valuespersonal courageour ability to face fear, danger, or adversity, both physical and moral courage.obviously, some of you at fort sill have forgotten these, or you never believed them.  so why am i surprised that you continue your bully tactics now?    your own actions or inaction (some of which were unethical at best and illegal at worst) have caused your own consequences.  revenge is a two-edged sword that can slice your hand as easily as your intended mark.i was planning to leave the fort sill events in the capable and ethical hands of a major newspaper writer and editor.  i was envisioning a gradual return to normalcy, of eventually leaving my self-imposed part-time job studying army regulations in general and fort sill in particular.  i’m told that disciplinary actions have been taken with some of those in charge of fort sill's ptrp.  i’m told that the investigation continues from multiple levels, including the inspector general’s office, but i don’t know.  i’ve been persona non grata for a while now. maybe the cadre at fort sill missed reading my blog?  well, miss me no longer, because here i am.  i was just taking a break, and hoping to broaden my scope a little.  perhaps those in the chain of command might think about the sequence of events and the context that allowed those events to happen -- the verbal abuse, punishing and potentially injurious physical activities, assault -- and the tragic death of mathew scarano last month.  now, so that no one at fort sill misses me too much, here’s a blog comment that was left on one of my posts here on 4/21/06, by the parents of an injured soldiers who spent some quality time in fort sill’s ptrp:  “well the inadequate health care still continues. my son during physical therapy had a 50 lbs weight dropped on his head ended up luckily with only 8 staples in his scalp. no further tests were done on this and since has been suffering with crippling headaches which drop him to his knees. they are refusing to do a cat scan as they want a doctor to prescribe it and as they are putting him in a 3 week limit to pass his run he is now longer receiving physical therapy (though still needed) and doesn't have a "doctor" to authorize a cat scan. my son has opted for the transfer for the pt test so as to finally be out of 95th one way or the other. of course if he is discharged he will very likely have no medical back up for his injuries either. the depression has gotten out of hand as has the verbal and psychological abuse causing it . i have written to all the representatives, congress and the president and not one has responded either verbally or in writing. obviously the government has no desire to take care of thier own." original comment here 

 




posted by pat dev at 6:58 pm
1 comments











about me

name:  pat dev 
location:  united states 
if you have a medical hold or ptrp story to share, please contact me at ptrosss(at)gmail.com
view my complete profile



www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from ptrosss. make your own badge here.





view my milblogging.com profile


links
  in memory of pfc mathew scarano  

pfc ski's ptrp page
pfc ski's ptrp story
google news
better to light one candle

operation truth
military families speak out































help skippy!

previous posts

fort benning trainee "double timing" on broken leg
fort sill treats abused & injured hawaiian trainee...
“i am a casualty of a broken system”—one year later
fort sill's ptrp -- the aftermath
medical hold abuse reaches beyond fort sill
abuse is old hat at fort sill’s ptrp
bully behavior from fort sill...or it's not over
fort sill’s adjutant general supports abusive tact...
injured soldier pfc mathew scarano dies in fort si...
if you have come here looking for the post...

archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
march 2007
august 2008
september 2008




this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial-noderivs 2.5 license


cost of the war in iraq
(javascript error)
to see more details, click here.




 peace central 
 baghdad burning
kevin benderman defense committee
peaceblogs
nowar blog

bloglines

veterans for peace
veterans for common sense
defining the truth by presenting the facts
sophia's peace work
blog search engine
dijital kulchar 
blogarama
blogroll me!


promote your military themed website...
search popdex:  

liberal blogs
>>
the lefty directory
 listed on blogwise
site feed
blog rankings
try blogclicker 



enter your email to be notified when this blog updates:





powered by: messagebot



   this site is a member of webring. to browse visit  here. 
promote your blog for free.


miscellaneous links:
bonsai forum
syndicated articles
articles for reprint in text, html and rss formats
pet articles, advice & resources
science forum






 



