



  





















welcome | mayor's office of employment development

















































skip to main content









 

mayor's office of employment development



citywide 
search 


close 


enter terms 


search





 

311 services
payments
mayor's office
news
directory
events

 


subscribe  

 


      
 







mayor's office of employment development




menushow filters







welcome






 
charm city worksclick here for free training, paid apprenticeships, 40 free lyft rides and more! every program is free, background friendly and open to baltimoreans.   



 





now hiring job board




youthworks summer jobs




virtual assistance request form




request for proposals




apprenticeships




free financial counseling




free lyft rides




visit our job centers!



moed's mission is to deliver economic justice to baltimore residents. to moed, economic justice means creating an equitable workforce system that responds to all residents’ needs and provides viable economic opportunities to all residents, especially those who have been generationally and systemically disadvantaged. our vision is for all city residents to maximize their career potential, and all employers to have the human resources to grow and prosper – we are creating a workforce system that works. we believe that every resident deserves the opportunity for meaningful work and a hopeful future.   mackenzie garvin, esq. 	director, mayor's office of employment development moed works in concert with the baltimore workforce development board (bwdb), a mayoral appointed board, to address the diverse workforce needs of baltimore’s employers and job seekers. moed partners with the bwdb and workforce stakeholders to ensure combined efforts are well-coordinated, high-quality, and impactful for jobseekers and employers. the total cost of all the mayor's office employment development local workforce services programs is approximately 48% funded through federal resources. the remaining programs percentage is funded through state, local and non-federal resources. please see our full steven's amendment (sa) disclosure here.   media & partnership inquiries media inquiries regarding the mayor's office of employment development and youthworks should be sent to our director of communications and digital media, keyarah watson, at keyarah.watson@baltimorecity.gov. to invite moed to attend your event, please email outreach@baltimorecity.gov. for business services, please email business2@baltimorecity.gov.  



get social







follow us now!  




 




 











 









close 

main menu
moed service locations
mobile career services
charm city works
now hiring job board
employment connection center
employer services
job seeker services
youth services
financial empowerment center
success stories
newsroom
contact us
arpa dashboard
baltimore city workforce dashboard
stevens amendment (sa) disclosure

 
quick links
job seeker assistance request formlocal hiring lawcurrent job openings at moedlocal workforce plan (wioa) 2020-2024baltimore health corps pilot: early lessons faq for the americans with disabilities act (ada)language access plan
 















 

 
city of baltimore


city hall - room 250 	100 n. holliday st, baltimore, md 21202 city operator: (410) 396-3100 

 
accessibility statementprivacy policyterms of use
 


contact

name *



email *



message *









leave this field blank 


captchathis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.




send

 







 

 


copyright © 2024 city of baltimore
	all rights reserved.









 

 


 

 


 




