







stonebrae country club









































































































              golf
            

              tennis
            

              lifestyle
            

              membership
            

              cuisine
            

              events
            

              contact
            



        member login
      






















































































golftennislifestylemembershipcuisineeventscontact







golf in the clouds




member login









scroll








welcometo stonebrae country club









  

we are the bay area.

designed by david mclay kidd, stonebrae country club is a mountaintop sanctuary featuring panoramic views for miles. with a welcoming and diverse membership community, a full calendar of signature hosted club events and a full complement of amenities, stonebrae is a choice you’ll be glad you made for years to come. 



    discover golf at stonebrae
  













“the combination of breathtaking vistas from such a natural setting made a perfect canvas for a golf course.”
david mclay kidd  |  course designer










celebrating our legacy.

 

as part of a decade-long partnership with the pga tour, tpc stonebrae played host to sanctioned tour events welcoming the brightest new golf stars to compete and earn their coveted pga tour card. we've celebrated champions tony finau and si woo kim, who both won here to earn their pga tour card, and cheered on the greats of today's game max homa and xander schauffele as they battled their way to the big show.  notable amateurs who competed in the field are jerry rice (2008) and stephen curry (2017, 2018). we could not have hosted a decade of successful tournaments without the support and dedication of hundreds of volunteers and fans. the time we shared, and the memories created last a lifetime. come tee it up where champions play.











 
















join the ‘brae.



learn more














   











tennisget fit  |  have fungreat for the whole family to participate and enjoy this physically and mentally challenging sport. with four courts, our tennis professional offers a myriad of classes, clinics, and events.




    tennis this way
  













lifestyleamenities for a healthy lifeenjoy stonebrae’s seasonally heated outdoor pool, jacuzzi, fitness center and bocce courts for a well-rounded fitness routine.




    get started
  













cuisinecreating unforgettable culinary experiencescaring for our members through fresh and innovative culinary offerings is central to everything we do as a club. we provide joy and friendship through the celebration of food!




    explore cuisine
  













eventslifetime of memoriesenvision breathtaking views as the backdrop to your special events - from weddings to golf tournaments, meetings, and all of life’s celebrations big and small. 




    host your event with us
  

 




 

join the club!




    contact us
  










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              phone
              
                *





              we would love to learn more about you!
              
            




              membership:
              
            
select areas of interest
 golf
 tennis
 fitness
 pool
 cuisine
 corporate access



              events:
              
            
select areas of interest
 weddings
 party/social event
 baby/bridal shower
 golf tournament
 meeting/team-building
 holiday celebration





thank you, we will be in contact with you soon! for immediate assistance, please call us at (510) 728-7878




 









home - header



content - intro



new page



float section



content - body



contact form












stonebrae country club
202 country club drive,
hayward, ca 94542,
united states
(510) 728-7878
membership@stonebrae.com


hours














202 country club drivehayward, ca 94542membership@stonebrae.com






































clubhouse:(510) 728-7878golf shop:(510) 728-7916book an event:(510)728-7907join the club:(510)728-7956



quick linksguest informationcareersdownload member app - appledownload member app - android















privacy  |  copyright 2024. all rights reserved.

 







