














welcome! - small frys children's store






































skip to content










small frys children's store




  3985 24th street in the heart of noe valley!






welcome!
about us
contact us
 



search





search


search …






 



 





small frys children's store




  3985 24th street in the heart of noe valley!




search





search


search …










search


search …


 


menu








welcome!
about us
contact us
 











since 1984, small frys has been outfitting the babies and kids of san francisco with wonderful clothing and accessories. our women-owned and operated store carries a variety of california brands and a carefully curated collection of international brands for babies and children.  the store features sizes from preemie to kids size 10 and we usually have in stock the most sought after items on mom’s shower registry.
here at small frys, we are proud of our commitment to supporting our community through donations to preschools and elementary schools in san francisco, as well as through our ongoing donations to project night night and the homeless prenatal program.
for more than two decades, we have afforded bay area young people an opportunity to have their first job in a neighborhood business as they transition from high school through college. we take pride in our legacy of support for young people, and this has been something we have worked hard to do.

small frys is open!!
monday-saturday: 10-6
sunday 10-5
or by appointment! (call us at 1-415-648-3954)
we really appreciate the support of our customers and our community.
if you need shoes, toys, clothes or books for your kids or a present for new babies coming into the world, or want to buy a gift card for now or to use in the future, call us at 1-415-648-3954 and we will arrange a time to work with you to make sure you get what you need.







gift cards
help support our small business during the stay-at-home order and buy a gift card for future use at our shop. they make a great gift for baby showers and even for mother’s day! choose an amount and we’ll mail you the card in 5-7 business days.




amount


basic $50.00 usdbronze $100.00 usdsilver $150.00 usdgold $250.00 usdplatinum $500.00 usd


first and last name





mailing address
















thank you parents magazine!
small frys has been voted best children’s boutique in san francisco and marin!

 
 
 

some of our cutest customers in their outfits from small frys!






what’s new at small frys
stop in to check out  the latest release from locally designed tea collection from baby to size 10 as well as the popular international brands from around the world,  including mayoral, petite lem, hatley, and 3 pommes.


 
 











 
 
grom trucker hats
(six months and up)
 
 


baby
we have those frequently requested registry items in stock,  sophie the giraffe, a large selection of organic lines, as well as the ever popular footies from kickee pants, angel dear, and magnetic baby. we stock aden and anais swaddles, halo sleep sacks, elegant baby hooded towels, skin products from mustela and boon feeding items.




shoes
our staff will help fit your little one with soft soles from robeez, as well as see kai run first walkers and shoes from size 4-13 as well as native water shoes and rain boots.


san francisco gear
come check out our in stock collection of san francisco clothing and books!


toys and books
toys in our store include the well-known european brand of kids favorite, playmobil, as well as the  california-based green toys, which are all made from recycled plastic, and soft toys for babies from lamaze and manhattan.




zutano
ever-popular and sought-after zutano snap cozie booties and hats, as well as their cozie jackets and matching pants and shirts, are favorites of new moms.


angel dear lovies and bibs
babies love lovies! everyone appreciates the great selection of copper pearl bibs we keep in stock!


we also make sure that chewbeads necklaces, i play swim diapers and sun shirts, babiator sunglasses, goggles and banz ear protectors are also in stock year round.  we love the fun and whimsical luna leggings tutu’s which are also made by a local company.






 











© 2025 small frys children's store – all rights reserved



powered by wp – designed with the customizr theme



















