







jon bennett's bit of the web - jbprojects.net



skip to main content.







jbprojects.net


navigation: 
home |
        projects |
        articles |
        contact





home

about
resume
archive

projects

bubble display
wifi robot
potato gun
potato gun ii
mame arcade machine
lcd screen
pc controlled rc car
led matrix
sumo bot

articles

programmable rc car: how-to guide

wrt54gl serial + sd card mods

how to build: potato gun 
how to build: pc controlled rc car
burglary report 2004
algonquin trip 2003
arcade auction - dec. 03
arcade auction - nov. 03
arcade auction - oct. 03


contact


        e-mail: 




find some useful information? 
i hope so! 
this information is free. 
pass it on.
 


 



bubble display
march 23,  2011


the bubble display utilizes air bubbles rising in fluid as pixels. control of the bubble streams is used to produce text and simple images. the bubble display is an innovative, interactive artistic display medium for conveying many types of messages.
this was our engineering fourth-year design project for electrical engineering at the university of waterloo.





wrt54gl dual serial port and sd card mods
january 2,  2010



the linksys wrt54gl is a great, hackable router running linux. there are a number of hardware hacks that can be done to this router, including adding dual serial ports and an sd card. this article details how to do these modifications and access the new functionality in x-wrt. these hardware mods will also work in other firmware distributions like dd-wrt. 
check out the article here.
after adding dual serial ports, you can control external electronics, like in my wifi robot project.


wifi robot project
august 28, 2008



the wifi robot is a remote control car that can be driven over the internet or with a laptop wirelessly from up to 500m away. 
          it has a live-feed network camera so that it can be driven without line of sight and a horn so that you can honk at people. 
check out the full project documentation here that  includes all of the hardware schematics and software source code required to get your own wifi robot up and running. 


new website look
january 26, 2008
the website layout has been changed. it was time for an update. the layout hadn't been changed at all since the site was first put up in september 2003. for kicks, here's a pic of how the site used to look.
i wanted to make the website more project-oriented, so i have removed unrelated content. the new layout is based on the gila two layout from the open source web design. 
the new site feature is the ability to comment on the projects and articles documented on this site. 
i have recently completed a really cool project. once it's documented, i'll post it. hopefully sooner rather than later. as usual, school is taking up much of my time, but i always seem to find time to do what matters most to me.
mini rc controller source code avaliable  february 16, 2006
due to the many requests i've received over the last couple years for a copy of the mini rc controller source code, i am making avaliable a stripped-down version of the software. this code can be used as a basis to add additional functionality that isn't avaliable in my program, controlling the parallel port for any application, or just for learning. check it out here. enjoy! 
school's done, the website might get updated!
           
december 24, 2005
due to the many requests i've received over the last couple years for a copy of the mini rc controller source code, i am making avaliable a stripped-down version of the software. this code can be used as a basis to add additional functionality that isn't avaliable in my program, controlling the parallel port for any application, or just for learning. check it out here. enjoy! 
newspaper stuff 
may 9, 2005
for the last two years i've been involved with skills canada, competiting at both the regional and provincial levels in the it+pc network support (computer networking) category.
this year i did quite well at the provincials, winning gold with a perfect score. i got my picture in the record newspaper along with a small write-up. the other medalists are also listed in the article. check out the article in the article section or directly here.
i'll be going to the nationals in edmonton, alberta along with trevor wodtke, gold-medalist in the architectual cad category and fellow wci student. it should be loads of fun and we'll make sure we visit the west edmonton mall, largest mall in the world!!
edit (jan. 20, 2008): this content has been removed to make the website more project-centered.

new project posted, new stuff coming
      
april 23, 2005
i've documented a robot myself and steve melnik built in grade 10 (2002). check it out here. it's also listed on the projects page. there's lots of pictures and three movies of the semi-destructive spinning blade.
stuff coming to the site in the near future:
        - schematic diagram for the led matrix project. it's been requested multiple, multiple times
        - mame arcade machine write-up. the machine will be done within a week, but it takes time to do a write-up
        - article on something electronics related. perhaps on 555 timers or pic microcontroller programming
ahh...so busy
                
january 24, 2005
ahh! so busy. 2 jobs, robotics 6x a week, school, exam week ...
              oh well.
first post of 2005. i was tired of looking at the last post.
                i've got one project from 2002 (long time ago!) i need to write up, there's an article in the works and coming sometime, the conclusion to the exciting mame arcade saga. 



 copyright © jon bennett 
      2003 - 2012


