





saddlebred rescue – my wordpress blog












































 







skip to content







 
 










 
                    sbr merchandise                

                    donate now                


 











 


home
about us

our mission rescue team download our brochure board of directors and professionals foundations faq

adopt a horse

adoption process available horses trainer leasing facebook & other videos

pay adoption fee
news

calendar “where are they now?”

contact





x 







 
 








 




 














 




 


saddlebred rescue inc.contact us nowsaddlebred rescue inc.donate nowtrainer leasing programclick here now 















why considers donating to or adopting from saddlebred rescue? 
saddlebred rescue operates its own quarantine facility for every horse that is purchased and comes into our program.
saddlebred rescue's rehab program cares for all of the horses in terms of farrier, vaccinations, teeth floating and vet care as needed and maintains that care until they are adopted.
saddlebred rescue's rehab program works with each horse until it is adopted to evaluate its capabilities and provides an accurate review for every potential adopting party, so you know what you are adopting.

 







 











what we do 











rescue 



 







rehab 



 







rehome 



 











				“the more we successfully adopt the more horses we can save from slaughter as their only option”” since 2006 saddlebred rescue has helped well over 2500 horses and counting”						











want to learn more about our program, read on... 



saddlebred rescue, inc., is a truly unique rescue that incorporates the thinking and practices of a professional show stable with the realities of the plight of unwanted horses. at saddlebred rescue,  we buy all horses in its program, mostly from auctions and sales where they were slaughter-bound. we have our own professional trainer who works with each horse to evaluate and design a schooling program to help the horse become as adoptable as possible. all horses in our program are evaluated by two professional horse trainers before they are placed. we operate exclusively from new jersey. our only rehab location is in new jersey, just off of i -80 near the delaware water gap. the rescue may be based in in nj but the adoption program is nationwide.each horse’s overall health condition is assessed by our staff and veterinarian, if necessary, and pressing health issues are treated immediately.  chronic conditions are recorded as such. all saddlebred rescue horses are in a lifetime program and will always have the option of being returned to us if the adopter’s circumstances change. we do not operate with any foster facilities outside of new jersey.saddlebred rescue encourages every potential adopter to visit our facility in northwestern new jersey and try out any of our treasures that may be a potential match. we are located 50 minutes from newark international, 50 minutes from lehigh valley airport and 2 hours plus from the philadelphia airport. while we encourage visits, we understand it is not always possible to visit us on site. in these cases, our trainers work with you to understand your needs and to pick out a horse that is perfect for you. our placement rate is very high and returns for incompatibility are almost nonexistent. every day our professionals work to improve the care, training and placement of our treasures. 






download sbr brochure (pdf)











 







 







 



 






















 







judith stambaugh
na









very sincere people and beautiful  horses. done day  i want another saddlebred..lov all of you.










 







leslie bishop bishop
na









i have been very pleased with their ethics and values of how the horses and giving information about the horses.  also giving riding education.








 







mary booker









i love watching their videos however i can't seem to cast it to my tv because it says you need facebook watch app for fire tv i have fire tv i just don't see the facebook watch app.








 







penni yates









they strive to get the saddlebreds they rescue to be the best they can be. they are willing to do what ever it takes to make the "thrown away" horses lives happier and healthier.









 



our gallery 



 











































location 



we are located in hardwick, nj. we are located 50 minutes from newark international airport, 50 minutes from lehigh valley airport and 2 hours plus from the philadelphia airport.  on farm visits are always welcome! 



 










operating hours 



monday – closed 



tuesday: 10:00am – 2:00pm 



wednesday : 10:00 am – 2:00 pm 



thursday: 10:00am – 2:00 pm 



friday : 10:00 am – 2:00 pm 



saturday – sunday: 10:00am – 2:00pm 



additional times to visit need to be made in advance. 







newsletter 



sign up our newsletter and get latest updates 



 







								name							




								your email							







subscribe









 


facebook-f
 














copyright © 2024 saddlebred rescue. all rights reserved 







 


mission
news
contact
donate





x 












































