








home page | ophthalmology department
























skip to main content





 











 





ways to give


 
 










 





home
contact
 









 




 
college of medicine


 
 







abouteducationresidency programmedical student programpatient carefacultyresearchmckay labophthalmic opticsvisual development lab 

 















 














the department of ophthalmology and vision science at the university of arizona serves to provide education, research, and service throughout the southwest.

 


 

 
 





home page






 



 



message from the department head




  
 
welcome to the department of ophthalmology and vision science, university of arizona-tucson.   we are a growing department, committed to delivering compassionate patient care to all children and adults with eye conditions, teaching residents in ophthalmology and medical students, and performing cutting edge research leading to new treatments.    we are particularly fortunate to be able to collaborate across the university of arizona, with basic scientists and engineers, to provide new treatment approaches for many eye diseases.  whether you are an individual affected by an eye condition, an interested member of the public, a resident applicant, a medical student interested in ophthalmology, or a faculty colleague across the world, we hope you find useful information in these webpages.    if we can help you further, offer you an appointment to see one of our specialists, or discuss our research, let us know.
jonathan m. holmes, md
	professor and head of ophthalmology and vision science
 
 read more  

 

 
 










 

medical student program



residency program

  

 

 








 
 









department of ophthalmology and vision science 
	655 n. alvernon way, suite 204
	tucson, az 85711
	phone: (520) 626-2010
	patient appointments:  (520) 694-1460
	fax: (520) 626-2042


 





college of medicine - tucson





the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer.
admin login


 





university privacy statement
	© 2024 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  

