










court appointed special advocates for children - casa swmo
























































skip to content





























 
who we are board of directors casa staff news & info faqs contact usbecome a volunteer what is a casa? job description training casa volunteer application optima login casa spotlight fostering futures casa volunteer resources virtual visits court report casa advocate toolboxsupport casa donate tax credits your legacy sign up for enewslettercasa clubhouseevents








 



























become a volunteer











support a child












































children have never needed us  more






imagine how it would feel to be told that your mom isn't "safe" to be around. imagine being pulled away from your friends and everything else you've ever known. imagine walking into a room full of people dressed in suits, talking about what should happen to you next. then, imagine someone standing up for you and saying the exact words you want to say about your situation, but don't know how, because you are only 7 years old. casa exists to be that someone, so that no child has to face the foster care system alone.






















become a hero






when you become, or support a casa volunteer, you are easing the unimaginable pain of a child. with your help, kids in the foster system will have a dependable friend in a in the midst of the undependable life they have been given. a child with a casa volunteer is more than half as likely to re-enter the foster care system. together we can make sure that no child faces the foster system alone.







get involved




















“casa is an organization of people with a proven record of service, excellence, high standards, determination and an unwavering commitment to abused and neglected children and to advocating for justice for all children."
 
- judge joyce williams warren



















news, events & highlights






























regent bank | casablanca | card shark sponsor














coxhealth | casablanca | presenting sponsor














o’reilly auto parts | casablanca | casino sponsor














gfl environmental | casablanca | card shark sponsor














jason & tara holcomb | casablanca | card shark sponsor














dr. nancy o’reilly | casablanca | card shark sponsor














bee payne stewart foundation | casablanca | card shark sponsor














celebrating 35 years














henry’s towing | casablanca | card shark sponsor














queen city roofing | casablanca | card shark sponsor














zbuyer | casablanca | card shark sponsor














berry patch preschool and daycare | casablanca | card shark sponsor














clampitt paper | casablanca | card shark sponsor

























this is the reality











numbers tell an awful story, but the worst part is the children living that reality.
600,000 children will find themselves in u.s. foster care & family court systems this
year. on average, each one of those children will change homes three times.










































































the power of casa













 
"my proudest moment would be seeing a sibling group i advocated for be adopted. i met with the children twice a month for the 2 years they were in the foster care system. i also attended monthly meetings and quarterly court hearings on their behalf to make sure their voice was heard. the process can be emotional and i was very proud of the work we had together to get to that point."
-shannon rosebrough, casa volunteer
 


 
"being a casa for skylar and mackenzie has been a great opportunity to connect with them and be a consistent person that listens to their needs and gives them a voice in their foster care case. after a year and a half of being in foster care, skylar and mackenzie were able to adopted by a loving family and i am honored to be a part of their story."
-eden holt, casa volunteer
 


 
anne advocated for a youth who is deaf/hard of hearing and communicates through asl (american sign language). casa volunteer, anne watters, who was also fluent in asl was assigned to his case and truly allowed the child to feel heard and understood in a way that others could not. her consistency and care for this child throughout his foster care journey made all of the difference. on adoption day with his new family, the child changed his name to "levi" which means "to join and belong."
-anne watters, casa volunteer
 


 
some stories have hard journeys and many twists and turns. unfortunately, these 2 children endured a lot during their 4 years in the foster care system. they experienced multiple foster home changes and even were placed in 2 adoptive homes before finding their forever family. through each twist and turn, casa diane was there to help bring some calm to their storm and a familiar face no matter where they moved.
with her help and advocacy, these children now have the safety and future they deserve. the days that were full of unknowns, maybes and fear have been exchanged for stability, comfort and familiarity.
-diane bolin, casa volunteer
 
































become part of the solution











our budget and volunteer roster currently allows us to serve 491 children in foster care, but there are 1,300 children in foster care in greene, christian and taney counties. the need is staggering, and we can’t do it without your help. we will not stop until every child has an advocate.










0%




 









i'm ready to help




















understand what it's like



















to be a casa






to be a casa






hear from six different casa volunteers from six very different walks of life.






















to be a foster child






to be a foster child






take a peek behind the curtain into what the foster care system feels like for a child.


























frequently asked questions













what are the requirements to be a casa?
expand


the requirements to be a casa volunteer are simple. we require all of our volunteers to have a clean background check with no felonies or charges of child abuse and neglect. ensuring we have safe and stable individuals around the kids we serve is a priority for our organization.
we also ask that you are at least 21 years of age and have a highschool diploma, ged or equivalent.
we also ask that volunteers have a valid drivers license. one of the most important requirements is that you love working with kids and want to make a difference for a child or older youth in foster care!
still have a few questions about our requirements? you are always welcome to call our office and speak with a staff member!




how much time do i need to volunteer?
expand


the average amount of time that a volunteer spends on their casa case each month is about 5 to 10 hours total. the best part about this volunteering at casa is that it is a very flexible volunteer opportunity!
spending intentional time with your casa children (at least 2 visits a month) can be scheduled when it is most convenient for you and the child.
outside of your child visits, you will have about one meeting a month with the other professionals involved in that child's life to help make decisions about their wellbeing and future. this meeting is typically scheduled during the day, so some slight flexibility in your schedule (you will be given plenty of advance notice) is ideal.
you will also have the opportunity to attend a short and informal court hearing once every 3 to 6 months to share your observations and needs of the case. a large majority of this volunteer experience will be communicating by phone or email to the individuals involved in the court team or gathering additional information about your assigned child.
every case is a little different, so our casa staff will help you find a case that fits your lifestyle and schedule!




what does training look like?
expand


our training is designed to give you as much foundational information as possible to help you feel informed and prepared to be a great volunteer.
our training for casa volunteers is a total of 30 hours over the span of several weeks. our training covers topics like understanding  how the foster care system works, the impact of trauma on children, the juvenile court system and so much more!
our training is a hybrid of classroom and online self-paced training where you interact with other volunteers to learn your role and prepare to make a difference for a child in foster care.
we are always training the community throughout the year, so it is easy to find a training schedule that works for you!
the best part is, you do not need to be a social worker or lawyer to understand our training.
it really is designed for everyone to understand!




what does support look like after training?
expand


the best part about being a casa volunteer is that you are never alone! at casa, we have an incredibly experienced and dedicated staff of child welfare professionals here to help.
as a casa volunteer, you will be assigned to an advocate supervisor upon finishing your volunteer training program. your advocate supervisor will be there to assist you with your case every step of the way by providing support and encouragement while helping answer all of your questions that may arise as you navigate your case.
you never have to worry about knowing everything, because we have your back!




how long is my commitment to volunteer?
expand


we ask that anyone who wants to become a casa volunteer, agrees to a 2 year commitment. the average time a child spends in foster care is 2 years, so it is important to plan to make that commitment to this volunteer opportunity.
it is really important that once a volunteer is assigned to a child and becomes a part of their life, that they continue to be a consistent support and fulfil their volunteer commitment completely. the children we serve in foster care experience a significant amount of change and loss in their life and we do not want to add to that experience with the loss of a volunteer.
when deciding if this volunteer opportunity is right for you, try to ensure that you have no major life plans that would halt your ability to serve. our staff are happy to brainstorm with you to make sure this is a commitment that you are able to make at this time.




i am interested in volunteering, what is my next step?
expand


if you are ready to volunteer, you first need to complete an application to volunteer on our website.
once we receive your application, we will contact you to set up an informal interview. this interview is a series of questions to help us get to know you better to make sure this volunteer experience is a good fit for you and for our organization.
after completing your interview, you will be enrolled in a training cycle that works for your schedule and will complete background check paperwork.
after training, you will be sworn in by a judge at a special ceremony and be assigned your first case!










more faqs







interested in learning more?






please provide the following information and an admissions representative will contact you.

































name


first



last

phoneemail

preferred method of contact

call


text


e-mail

 



































we’re asking for your help for those that never asked to need it










































be a volunteer











support a child










 
















get in touch













(417) 864-6202 














627 n. glenstonespringfield, mo 65802 














info@casaswmo.org 










additional resources






faq
privacy policy
terms and conditions









about us






casa of southwest missouri recruits, trains, and supports court appointed volunteers to stand up for the rights of abused and neglected children in the courtroom and the community.



















© 2023 casa swmo. all rights reserved.




















donate to casa










 


























