

















home - safe food handlers





















































888-793-5136
sign in



classroom courses
online courses
exams
about

our blog


employment
contact
faq
 


select page


  
 



 



 










your food safety training specialists
on site courses available





contact us











classroom courses








online courses








about our courses










what we do

safe food handlers has been providing food safety training for the food industry since 1982 and has trained thousands of food service professionals in over 50,000 companies throughout the united states and has a reputation for providing quality food manager training classes at affordable prices in convenient locations.
safe food handlers tailors its training to meet the requirements of all state, county and city health departments throughout the country.  we only hire food safety trainers that have the education and experience to provide quality training to our customers in the food industry.  each student that signs up for our food manager course will receive our 128 page comprehensive food manager training manual and a conference for food protection examination that is approved in your jurisdiction.

read more









 customer reviews 






“the instructor was my teacher for just the day, but keller weiss was just too wonderful and became one of my favorite teachers that i’ve ever had.“








“the instructor presented the information in a fun engaging manner that kept everyone entertained and learning the information.








“april was exceptional and offered ways to digest all this material.”








“the instructor tina was the best i’ve had in my 46 year hospitality career.“








“keller was awesome!! she made it fun!!! the way she presented the info was memorable!!“













don’t see your course?
contact us about online training options and onsite training for eight or more students.




 







classroom courses
online courses
about courses
employment
our clients


contact us
888-793-5136






©2025 safe food handlers corp.
savannah web design - united webworks


 
 
 
 

























