





pbem players (play by email games)













the point of pbem gaming is to keep the story going by each contributing a small part to the story, creating something fantastic together. 
this is what we have done here at pbemplayers.com, each contributing a small part to the pbem community!
we kept our story going for over 13 years. unfortunately our story has come to the end. 
i thank you all for this time!
//janus
...and remember, keep your own stories going!



skip to main content








 








username:

   

password:





forgot your password?
new user? sign up!









 




wednesday, june 27 2018


 



home
  find a game 
  events 
articles
q&a
links
about




 





welcome to the world of pbem games!








this website is dedicated pbem (play by email) role playing 
games. you can learn more about pbem role playing games as well as look 
for pbem games to join!








      what is a pbem (play by email) game?    

unlike traditional pen-and-paper roleplaying games, pbem games 
are more in the style of chain stories or round-robin campfire tales.
like traditional role playing games, players control a character 
involved in the story. players then write a short story segment (called a
 post) describing their character's actions in relation to the story. 
combined with the story segments from other players of the game, you 
form the the game's storyline.







      learn about pbem games    

if you are new to pbem games a good start is to read the article "play by email (pbem) in a larger perspective". it talks about different types of email role playing games. then you can continue with the article "the anatomy of a post". it provides you with more information about how to write posts.
if you are just looking for a game to join, check out the pbem game adverts!







      are you running your own pbem game?    

you can find useful information in the articles in the "run your own pbem game" section. maybe you want to share your experience by submitting your own article?
if you are looking for more players for your game, post an ad in the pbem game adverts section!













































looking for a game to join? here game owners can advertise their games and openings. check out the categories on the right to find more games! 











      latest pbem game adverts    




 ss mary rose - life outside the commbadge  
 added to the star trek category 1 day ago by goldun  


 shadow fleet - a fun star trek rpg 
 added to the star trek category 3 weeks ago by kirok  


 uss malinche - prometheus class forum-based simm since 2004 
 added to the star trek category 3 weeks ago by kersare  



 

 







      running your own game?    

are you looking for players for your own game? do you want to see your game listed here? 
you can submit your own advert to the site and it will remain listed for 30 days. 
it’s easy! start here!

















 scifi  
 role playing games taking place in a science fiction setting.
 


 star trek (3 adverts) 
 role playing games based on the star trek universe.
 


 fantasy (1 adverts) 
 role playing games using any of the many fantasy worlds out there.
 


 modern  
 role playing games in our own time and place.
 


 strategy  
 games focusing on strategy, such as football managers, world politics or other forms of (often) turn based games.
 


 other  
 games that does not fit in any of the other categories.
 


 











































      article categories    

these are articles written to help you with your pbem role 
playing game. they will inspire you and teach you things that can help 
you write better posts, or run a better game of your own. if you have 
something you would like to contribute to the site, please add your own article!












getting ideas
manage your time, find ideas and use them.








running your own pbem game
learn how to run your own game.












writing
both how and what you write in your posts for your pbem game is important, we show you how to do it!








other articles
other articles related to pbem games or the gaming industry and community.












character development
giving your character life is complex, these articles will help you.




















      latest articles    




 starbase 11001001 releases rap single to boost recruitment 
 written by: major tom 
 hollywood–fleet admiral tristan wolf of ufopp: starbase 11001001 dropped a new rap song late... 
  


 starbase 400,000 wins a record 14th simming prize in a row 
 written by: major tom 
 stockholm–starbase 400,000 was awarded a record 14th consecutive prize for simming and online... 
  


 study: simming linked to climate change 
 written by: major tom 
 cambridge–scientists at the university of cambridge published a study today linking simming and online... 
  


 i set out to find who’s been star trek simming the longest: the results might surprise you 
 written by: major tom 
 i’ve been online role playing for 20, maybe even 30 years now.  during that time, one question has... 
  




 







      active questions    




 parker asked "blocked ad"
(3 comments, last 4 months 2 weeks ago) 


 mbrines asked "what's the best way to recruit new players?"
(0 comments, last 1 year 7 months ago) 


 r6751 asked "spam filter?"
(7 comments, last 1 year 7 months ago) 


 storenkaos asked "best map builders"
(0 comments, last 2 years 10 months ago) 


 onion asked "what is the optimum number of players for a pbem game?"
(11 comments, last 3 years 4 months ago) 


 imperialgm asked "roman imperium: ascendance"
(0 comments, last 3 years 4 months ago) 


 johnnybone asked "what (or where) to play, for a beginner"
(3 comments, last 3 years 6 months ago) 


 














 






      pbemplayers    

pbem players is a website dedicated to play by email games. we 
publish articles and other resources to help you write better posts for 
your pbem game.







      updates    




 new features 
 updated date:  thursday, january 24, 2013 - 11:39 
 we
 start 2013 by releasing an updated version of pbemplayers, and it sure 
is an exciting update!new featuresnot only have we updated the systems 
pbemplayers run on, we have... 


 











© 2005-2018 pbemplayers.com. all material is either original or 
used with permission. you may not copy or use any texts, images or other
 media found on this website without permission.







