





masjidu ahlus sunnah





























































skip to content
 


 

menu


home
about
news
contact
our services
donate
islam
links

school
our partners
jobs


facebook videos

























as salaamu alaykum. thank you for visiting the official masjidu ahlis sunnah website. the islamic center of america 


our history
in 1981, the islamic center of america was founded as masjid rawdatullah-the islamic center of east orange, for the sole purpose of providing the muslims with a place to worship allah. in 1983, the muslim community purchased a 5,000 square foot building to accommodate islaam’s growth in east orange, new jersey


our mission
the mission of the islamic center of america is to provide the facilities and the means, to the best of its ability, that will allow the muslims, regardless of race, gender or nationality, to worship allaah alone without ascribing partners in worship with him by learning, practicing and calling to pure islam all together in unity, without partisanship or division


our vision
as the center was founded by a group of muslims, all of whom voluntarily embraced islam, the primary concern for them, as is for most muslims in america, regardless of whether they embrace islam or immigrated to this country as muslims, is to preserve islam and the sunnah in their lives and the lives of their offspring. our vision here at the islamic center


our facilities
the islamic center has a 25,000 sq. ft. masjid 19,00 sq. ft. prayer area . we also have 2 men’s wudoo rooms (22 wudoo stations) , 1 women’s wudoo rooms (5 wudoo stations)
and 4 administrative offices. 


masjid report
of all the masaajid founded in america, only 25% were founded before the islamic center of america masjidu ahlis sunnah. the state of new jersey ranks fifth amongst the states regarding the number of masaajid in the state.


our imam
imam abu muslimah first heard of islam from imam abdul wali muhammad, the imam of masjidullah of plainfield, nj in 1976. he later embraced islam in 1978 through relationships with the haqq family of bait quraish, a muslim group from newark, nj. 







latest news 







 



news 

community connect 







 



news 

art & munch 







 



news 

brushes & bites (sisters) 





more news










now hiring job opportunities 

volunteerjazakallahu khairun sign up for the following:
-quran and arabic teachers
-ramadan committee 
-eid committee 
-marketing committee
please e-mail info@thesunnah.org to set up an interview.
  
employmentdo something new. full and part time positionswe are looking for men and women to work in different areas.
we have two openings in our school kitchen.  one halal cook and one helper ( up to 20 hours a week).  must be able to carry 30 lbs comfortably upstairs.  email foodservice@thesunnah.org your resume.
for more information,  e-mail info@thesunnah.org.
  
professionals neededleadership opportunities are you a specialist in your professional field?
we are looking for the people in the following areas:
– writers & editors
-managers & supervisors
-information technology
-business administration
please send email to info@thesunnah.org to set up an interview
   





gallery 

 

view more






suggestion box 


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *phonemessagesubmit  

we are currently making improvements to masjid ahlis sunnah.
we would like to hear from you.
questions, comments, and suggestions about the website, the building, islamic culture, opportunities etc. are welcomed.
please fill out this form or send an e-mail.
jazakallahu khairun


masjid ahlis sunnah


215 n oraton pkwy  east orange nj 07017  united states



973-672-6690



info@thesunnah.org














								copyright © 2021 masjid ahlis sunnah			

































