




department of chemical engineering

























































skip to content







chemical engineering



menu







education
research
news
people
events
alumni
values
department resources
visitor resources




search





search


search














creating a better future
look around you: nearly everything you see was made in part by a chemical engineer.




creating a better future
look around you: nearly everything you see was made in part by a chemical engineer.





request graduate program information





graduate admissions





learn about our undergraduate program












news






feb 14







student, scholar, teacher, researcher 
            	                 			    

as a fifth year scholar, gabe mendez-sanders (‘24) is preparing for a career in engineering education research.
    					          				    












feb 10







lifting the fog on air pollution-weather interactions 
            	                 			    

the gordon group uses case studies from delhi and paris to realistically simulate fog droplet concentrations in a weather forecasting model.
    					          				    











feb 06







student spotlight: megan walsh 
            	                 			    

through her research with a large pharmaceutical company and her internship in the hospitality and decarbonization sector, ph.d. student megan walsh is working to make processes more efficient.
    					          				    








more news from     		chemical engineering					


 
 
 










welcome to chemical engineering











join cheme





undergraduate program in chemical engineering









graduate programs









research









giving

















department of chemical engineeringcarnegie mellon universitydoherty hall5000 forbes avenue pittsburgh, pa 15213412.268.2230


linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram







2020 carnegie mellon university / legal


““the most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. it is the source of all true art and science.”” albert einstein


“to raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems form a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.” albert einstein


“the very nature of science is discoveries, and the best of those discoveries are the ones you don’t expect.” neil degrasse tyson


“science is the process that takes us from confusion to understanding in a manner that’s precise, predictive, and reliable—a transformation, for those lucky enough to experience it, that is empowering and emotional.”  brian greene


“i am among those who think that science has great beauty. ” marie curie


“science literacy is the artery through which the solutions of tomorrow’s problems flow.” neil degrasse tyson 


“the art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.” thomas berger


“develop a passion for learning. if you do, you will never cease to grow.” anthony j. d’angelo.


“education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. ” malcolm x


“good questions outrank easy answers.” paul samuelson


“education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” nelson mandela


“knowledge is power. information is liberating. education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.” kofi annan 


“education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.” john dewey


“ultimately, education in its real sense is the pursuit of truth. it is an endless journey through knowledge and enlightenment.” a. p. j. abdul kalam 


“education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.” george washington carver


“education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it.” marian wright edelman


“creating means living.” dejan stojanovic 



2025 carnegie mellon university / legal









