







gloria coker fine art | welcome to my painting gallery





























































don't miss my latest  cartoon!close top banner skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerhome
about
events
motion
people
music
scapes
sports
wildlife
cartoons
blog
contact
search this websitenav social menufacebookinstagram
gloria coker fine artart for every place

art for every place






the artist
meet gloria
gloria was always the kid in elementary and high school who was prodded by her classmates to draw the teacher. a good way to get into trouble. but she never planned an art career-  too much insecurity.  

more about gloria



fine art gallery

explore the variety of different colorful focuses artfully considered by gloria coker.




music


motion




people


sports




scapes


wildlife

















“gloria coker’s work is poetry, music, and motion blended in a vibrant world of color that is breathtaking. her art pulses with life and sound. it is like being at the center of a vortex of energy, momentum, and brilliance – swept into a dynamic landscape of visual splendor.”
joann falletta, music director of the virginia symphony, the buffalo philharmonic, and international guest conductor.


latest on the blog


see more blogs from gloria


iit – oldnovember 6, 2024is this word banned in your house, too? it is almost time for my annual art show and sale! can’t wait to see you on friday!
continue reading iit – old
my brush with a vegetarian meal boxoctober 29, 2024recently, my daughter chose to sample the vegetarian lifestyle by subscribing to a meal service. vegetarian meal boxes were delivered right to her doorstep. i don’t know if she took time to research these plans but lucky for me,  she wound up with three meals that were expiring before she could cook them.  so, she…
continue reading my brush with a vegetarian meal box
iit growth lightoctober 18, 2024i do have a grow light and try to keep plants alive through the winter. but this one time i looked at a few stragglers and this image flashed in my brain. ready to see my latest paintings and save! join me for a delightful evening of art.
continue reading iit growth light

footersubscribe to my newsletter


hear the latest about my upcoming shows, events and occasional sales.  enjoy artistic insights into life through my blog postings, too.  no regularity promised, just when something hits me that i want to share with you.





like me on facebook


facebook
important links


contact
blog
events

 


















