gfmd | global forum for media development       support journalism gfmd impact policy and advocacy briefings tech and journalism mechanism journalism cloud alliance  find funding funding opportunities fundraising guide funder profiles  gfmd community our members engagement opportunities career opportunities events  news about how to join gfmd who is who partnerships  subscribe  gfmdsecuring the future of journalismgfmd is the biggest global community of media development and journalism support organisations. through collaboration, coordination, and collective action our network creates, promotes, and delivers policies and programmes to sustain journalism as a public good.   sign up for our newsletters   become a member   contact our help desk sections get to know our diverse membership, find a partner, participate in policy, advocacy, and coordination activities, or find a job you love. share your work and ideas and work together to support independent media and journalism.engage with our community sections find insights, evidence, and a range of tools and resources about journalism support and media development and guidance on how to effectively support and fund journalism. get advice from gfmd’s international media policy and advisory centre.support journalism sections find the latest funding opportunities for media development and journalism support. use our fundraising guide and other tools to make your fundraising more effective.find funding news from our network browse all »  gfmd news26. november 2024former gfmd chair, leon willems, steps down from free press unlimited    gfmd news journalism support26. november 2024gfmd levant regional meeting on media support    gfmd news17. september 2024gfmd welcomes 15 new members!    support journalism gfmd impact policy and advocacy briefings tech and journalism mechanism journalism cloud alliance  find funding funding opportunities fundraising guide funder profiles  gfmd community our members engagement opportunities career opportunities events  news about how to join gfmd who is who partnerships  subscribe search  search for:    this website uses cookies. by continuing to use the website you consent to the use and storage of cookies on your device.this website requires a javascript enabled browser.you are using an outdated browser which can not show modern web content.we suggest you download chrome or firefox.global forum for media development rond point schuman 6, box 5, brussels 1040, belgium+32 (0) 2 234 63 06 communications@gfmd.infothe global forum for media development (gfmd) is an international network of journalism support and media development organisations. we act together to support journalism and media through collaboration, knowledge exchange, and advocacy.follow us linkedin facebook bluesky youtubesubscribe to our newsletter                 