





mercedes-benz club canada





















































search


 






mercedes-benz club canada











welcome
join
clubcard discounts club merchandise

advertisers
marketplace vehicles
parts & accessories
wanted

club events mb classic events
oldtimer events
museum & exhibition
worldwide events
events

photo album
links
about us join
contact people
all mercedes-benz clubs

contact
 










  




welcome
welcome to the canadian website devoted to the world’s finest cars!  canada’s only official canadian club — mercedes-benz club canada


 
this site is by and for enthusiasts of mercedes-benz automobiles. whether you have a classic, daily drive or a new mercedes-benz, this club is for you.  we are proud to be an official club with over 100 000 members worldwide. we are a national club with members from coast to coast. proudly canadian. celebrating 40 years as canada’s truly official canadian club.  join today, its only takes a few minutes online. members receive an official clubcard personalized with their name,  produced by mercedes-benz group in germany with many benefits, issues of our star board club magazine and issues of the mercedes-benz classic magazine. members also enjoy exclusive access to the clublounge.  be sure to check out the clubcard discounts page for more information and be sure to follow and like us on social media
serving mercedes-benz enthusiasts across canada
 
 





 

 

 
 


 
latest issue sent to members january 2023

 

 

 

 

current issue of the official club magazine “the star board” issue 01/2022 spring


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
about membership
club lounge
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






welcome
 
search our club



search


member benefitsclubcard discounts
club merchandise
join
alberta chapter
mercedes-benz club card
become a member - enjoy exclusive discounts
about membership
clublounge
find us on social media
fb.com
 

@mbclubcanada
mercedes-benz classic store








home
join
clubcard discounts
marketplace
about us
admin login
contact
join





















