

correll concepts - books and articles by john correll 
 





 correllconcepts.com




books 
      and articles by john correll
















main 
              menu
~ click book or article title, or a link in 
              the description, to go to source ~

books 
              & online articles –
on 
              a potpourri of topics, by john correll
• 
              unite - 
              how to bring us together and lead us to greater success (with an 
              open letter to president biden and subsequent presidents) ~ describes 
              20 unity killers that are fracturing our nation, and suggests how 
              to eliminate them, and also includes 12 transcendence drivers and 
              4 functionality enhancers. available in hardcover, paperback, and 
              kinde e-book. check it out!

• 
              motivate 
              - a guide to creating team member motivation, enhanced job performance, 
              and employee satisfaction, using the motivating dynamic in humankind 
              ~ includes top 10 motivators. short, easy-to-read, uniquely powerful. 
              a must-have for anyone involved in leading, coaching, managing, 
              and/or directing. available in hardcover, paperback, and kindle 
              e-book.

• 
              1-2-3 
              - the three steps that create weight success ~ short, easy-to-read. 
              a must-have for anyone seeking to live their life in their 
              desired weight range. ~ research studies tell us that about ninety 
              percent of persons who lose a substantial amount of weight eventually 
              have it all come back but ten percent keep the lost weight off forever. 
              this book tells you why that situation is happening and how you 
              can be one of the ten percent who succeed at living their desired 
              weight forever. 

• 
              un-jinx 
              - there's 22 jinxes that can prevent weight success … and here's 
              how to beat each of 'em. ~ why does this book matter? it's because, 
              when we correctly understand the cause of a problem we're in position 
              to fully correct the problem, including the nagging, universal 
              problems of weight gain and weight control.

• 
              the 
              key to weight success - read chapter 1 of 
              this book, then do the 3-step process described in that chapter 
              ~ imagine yourself living the rest of your life in your desired 
              healthy-weight range, and doing it more easily and enjoyably 
              than you've likely ever thought possible. since 2007 i've been doing 
              exactly that: living nearly every day in my desired healthy-weight 
              range, and doing it easily and enjoyably. this book describes 
              how i did it ... and, more importantly, how you can do it, if you 
              so desire to do that.

• 
              full-force conceptioning 
              - loyalty-maximizing marketing strategy ~ a powerful way to out-conception 
              your competition and beat them at customer loyalty-building. if 
              your job or profession involves strategic marketing, this is a must-read. 
              available in hardcover and paperback.

• 
              the original encyclopizza 
              - if you’re serious about pizza-making and quality pizza, this 
              book is a must-have resource. you can get it from amazon.com. it's 
              available in hardcover, paperback, and kindle e-book versions. the 
              hardcover and paperback versions are 440-pages, 8.5 x 11 inch size. 
              it's a hefty, impressive book. the handy kindle e-book version can 
              be accessed via your computer (pc or mac), or a tablet (including 
              i-pad), or a smartphone (including i-phone). amazon provides a free 
              downloadable app for these devices. it sells at a very reasonable 
              price. ~ but if you'd first like to get an in-depth look into the 
              book before ordering it, click here.

• 
              paradigm 
              for positive psychology - a 
              way for positive psychology to avoid dissolution, enhance positive 
              impact, and create a true science

• 
              wow 
              the customer, exceed expectations! - why this is 
              the most misguided management mantra of the century … 
              and what to do about it. ~ small book, eye-opening insights. 

• 
              injured 
              - doing football is one of the craziest things we do, but we can 
              fix this disgracefully injurious pursuit ~ small book with worthwhile 
              suggestions.

• 
              please, 
              mcdonald's, do a real fix this time - customer for 
              50 years shares thoughts on how to recapture the glory days 

• 
              bicycling 
              michigan's northland in 2013 - a pictorial story 
              of two senior guys who bike-toured michigan's picturesque eastern 
              upper peninsula for a week in 2013

• boat 
              conversion - basic utility boat transformed into a walleye 
              dream boat [an online article, not a book]

• 
              tribute 
              to melvin correll  - lived 1919–2009 [an online 
              document, not a book]
• 
              tribute 
              to glenna correll - lived 1921–2014 [an online 
              document, not a book] 

• 
               john correll has written and published a number of other books 
              now out of print, including sanitation now – 
              a restaurant manager's guide to effective sanitation management 
              (1972), and also  applied cooking technology for the food 
              service operator (1979).




my son will and 
              me fishing in michigan’s upper
              peninsula, 2007. (i'm the one with the smidgeon
              of hair on top.)
for 
              full cv, click 
              here.
to 
              send an email, click here email.
this 
              website and its entire content is created, owned, and presented 
              by correll consulting, llc. 
              
copyright 
              © 2002-2022, correll consulting, llc. all rights reserved. 
              our legal notice. 
.




















