




 


friends of wakulla springs state  park - home



































log in



























remember me
forgot password











 

















home




events



artulla event photos




springs events




2024 car show gallery







about



about us




community partners







visit



the park & springs




virtual visits




plant identification




the lodge







get involved



membership




volunteer opportunities




business opportunities




newsletter subscription







news




resources



research & science




history of the park




historical time line




historical photos







media



gator cam




wildlife photo gallery




videos







online store




donate



vendor payment







contact






















 












friends of wakulla springs state park




bob doyle presentation to fows (pdf) – click here



 
 

wakulla springs car show... winners listed above!
the 2024 wakulla springs car show was on november 9, 2024, at beautiful edward ball wakulla springs state park. the event opened to the public at 10:00 am and ran till 3:00 pm.2024 car show gallerypictures of 2022 car show



short psa for wakulla springs



decades-old car removed from sinkholeclick here



recent artulla event photos – click here



tallahassee democrat article – budget includes millions to buy land above cave to protect wakulla springs from gas station

(click here to read tallahassee democrat article)




a dedication/ribbon cutting ceremony for the new "great blue heron" electric boatit was a wonderful day today, as we celebrated a dedication/ribbon cutting ceremony for the new "great blue heron" electric boat, almost completing the fleet of new boats at the park. the great blue heron was generously supported by the florida state parks foundation, based on revenues generated from the sales of the florida state parks license plate! thanks to the fspf, florida state parks, and to all those that support the friends of wakulla springs state park...we are so grateful and couldn't do it without you! come visit the park, and partake of the gorgeous fall weather and peaceful ride on the great blue heron!

tallahassee democrat article about the new electric boats for wakulla springs 11-21-23 (click here)



become a member! become part of a group dedicated to preserving wakulla springs. if you’d like to be added to our mailing list, please fill out the newsletter subscription form, or send an email to friends@wakullasprings.org with your name and email address. 

springs wildlife and water survey

jungle cruise tourriver boat tours at edward ball wakulla springs state park.tours are offered daily between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. availability is limited and reservations are required. reservations are available online and should be made before arriving at the park.  (click here to make reservations)

the friends of wakulla springs, inc. is
 the official citizen support organization (cso), a private, non-profit 
partner supporting educational, interpretive, and historical and 
scientific research responsibilities of edward ball wakulla springs 
state park. friends
 of wakulla springs (fows) state park is an organization of volunteers 
committed to the preservation of the park with the largest and deepest 
freshwater spring in the world for the enjoyment of park visitors for 
generations to come. 

go to this link to see videos of wakulla springs (click here)
 


friends of wakulla springs is an official citizens support organization to preserve & protect wakulla springs.



virtual speaker & performance series is provided through florida humanities and the national endowment for the humanities.



there are amazing outdoor adventures at wakulla springs... swim, walk & river boat tours to name a few.
 
virtual visits at wakulla springs state park... click here

 


specialty plates are now available for pre-order! (click here)
the revenue collected from this plate will benefit the florida parks foundation's efforts to protect, preserve, sustain and grow our award winning parks. you can get your specialty plate by visiting your local county tax collector's office.


message from the presidentjulie harrington... click here (pdf) or on the news page

upcoming events


no upcoming events


 
visit the springs & enjoylocated
 30 miles south of tallahassee, florida, wakulla springs state park 
offers many outdoor activities, environmental splendor, the largest and deepest freshwater spring, world-class lodging, 
and is open 365 days per year.
read more

join friends of wakulla springswe depend
 on funding from membership dues and donations. your membership enables 
us to continue our educational advocacy and activities. together we can 
make this part of our world better for future generations.
read more

volunteer with the friendswe
 are accepting new volunteers and always need helping hands. 
there are as many educational opportunities as there are chances to 
provide voluntary service. we welcome your involvement and support with the friends of wakulla springs.
read more
  








 








conserving the world's largest and deepest freshwater spring
© the friends of wakulla springs state park • 465 wakulla park drive • wakulla springs, fl 32327
phone: (850) 561–7286 • email: friends@wakullasprings.org
 a 501(c)3 organization  whose mission is to conserve, protect, restore and enhance the natural, historical, cultural and recreational resources of wakulla springs state park for present and future generations.
















website design and development
 










powered by wild apricot membership software







