







overhead door company™ of ri & ma







































































































residential


commercial


service & repair


              about
            

            contact
          



        call ☎ (877) 624-2724
      





back


              garage doors
            

              openers / accessories
            

            sun screens / security shutters
          



back


              garage doors
            

              operators / accessories
            

            loading dock equipment
          

            chutes / compactors
          

            sun screens / security shutters
          

              won-door fire & security doors
            



back


            garage door repair
          

            commercial door repair
          





































































residential

garage doors
openers / accessories
sun screens / security shutters


commercial

garage doors
operators / accessories
loading dock equipment
chutes / compactors
sun screens / security shutters
won-door fire & security doors


service & repair

garage door repair
commercial door repair

aboutcontact







garage door experts since 1921




call ☎ (877) 624-2724









scroll






 

serving new england for over 50 years

   


    residential products
  




    service and repair
  




    commercial products
  




    commercial services
  

  overhead door company of southeastern massachusetts™ inc & overhead door company of providence/new bedford™ inc



















































 

​​​the overhead door™ brand is one of the most recognized and respected brands in the garage door industry. for over 50 years, the overhead door™ company of rhode island and southeastern massachusetts has stood for product quality and expertise, as well as professional service. overhead door corporation is a proud member of dasma.

 

the most trusted garage door company of ri and southeastern massachusetts 

   

we are your new england headquarters of the ever trusted overhead door company of southeastern massachusetts™ inc. for over 50 years we have been providing the best service in residential garage door installation and commercial garage door installation, garage door repair and commercial door repair. you can expect fast and top quality work when you hire us to satisfy all your overhead door needs. with over 50 fully stocked service vehicles and over 80+ highly trained technicians, we can handle any same day service or repair that you may require. you can rest assured that we not only preach about our top quality workmanship, but we in fact guarantee it.  we have a “total satisfaction guarantee”. this means you will be 100% satisfied or your money back. you can trust the fact that we have been providing honest and reliable service to new england since 1973, and are always ready to take care of all your garage door needs big or small, residential or commercial in southeastern massachusetts. we also have an exciting designer garage door series for those who are looking to have that exclusive custom look for their home. 

 









  

award-winning garage door service

    

below is a short list of our most requested garage door services in new england. always feel free to contact us regarding any service we provide and with any questions you might have. our technicians are the best in the business and know how to get the job done right. guaranteed. 

  














    get a quote on garage door install
  



garage door installation new englandif you are looking for a new garage door for your new england home, you are in the right place. we have an extensive selection of styles and colors to match the design of your home. as your garage door tends to be the focal point of your home or business’s curb appeal, choosing the right look and feel is very important. let’s face it, you really have one shot to get this right. if you are having trouble deciding what look is best to fit the architecture of your home, we encourage you to talk to our design experts who have a massive amount of experience in this area. we have helped thousands of people pick the door of their dreams, and we know we can help you too. not only will we help you get the look you want, but we’ll also advise you on what type of garage door you need to satisfy your daily needs. for example, should you have an insulated or uninsulated garage door? how often is it used on average? should your door be light or heavy duty?  tell us your needs and we’ll know just what to do. we also have some new specialty materials that you can decide to have your garage doors made from. long lasting and have the look and feel of real wood without the maintenance of it!see our selection of new england garage doors

    

garage door repair new englandin a perfect world, preventative maintenance servicing should be done to your garage door on a yearly basis. we highly recommend that you call us to do this for you as this will make sure your garage door is operating at peak performance for the life of the door. but life in new england is busy and we get that when it’s working properly, regular maintenance might not be on your mind. until a problem comes along. like any piece of machinery, there are lots of moving parts that can wear down with usage over time.when a problem with your garage door happens, whether it’s a broken spring, track or hardware problems, failing opener, or damage to the garage door itself, we are here for you. overhead door company of southeastern massachusetts™ inc has been here fixing residential and commercial doors for over 45 years. you can rest assured that when you contact us, you will get the best garage door repair service new england has to offer. guaranteed!to see our repair services, visit the new england garage door repair page 
















    get a quote on garage door repair
  

    














    get a quote on garage door openers
  



automatic garage door openers from overhead door®your garage door is the largest moving appliance of your home or business. making sure you have the best quality garage door opener that matches the size, weight, and function of your door is of extreme importance. we understand that at a glance, most garage door openers look the same. but this just is not the case. having the wrong opener for your door can not only be a hazard but will also cost you money as it won’t last as long as it should have when done properly. we will advise you on which openers are the best fit for your door and budget. safety is our primary concern when it comes to your opener. whether it is a residential garage door or commercial, our experts know and will advise you on what the best choices are to keep your new england garage door opening safely and reliably for years to come. we guarantee all of our work so you will have peace of mind knowing that you made the right choice when you go with us.we are new england’s top choice when it comes to overhead door® automatic garage door openers installations and repair. call us today to get your overhead door opener working as it should.  new england garage door openers and accessories

   









  

commercial garage door repair new england

 

for all your commercial garage doors in new england, overhead door company of southeastern massachusetts™ inc is by far your safest choice.  no matter if you need commercial garage door repair or an installation, our highly skilled technicians are ready 24/7 to handle any problem that comes your way. with over 50+ fully stocked service vehicles and over 80+ professionals in the field, we are armed and ready. we also offer planned maintenance agreements for business and industry. regular maintenance will prevent unwanted downtime due to a failing door. call us for details on this very important service.

 

complete and always guaranteed, our commercial repair services:planned maintenancecommercial roll-up door repaircommercial overhead door repairemergency servicesbroken garage door springsreplacement garage door sectionsgarage door roller and bent track issuesbroken garage door cablesweather-strippinggarage door locksmalfunctioning commercial openers & operator servicecommercial rolling steel fire door testingdock leveler repairs, seals and shelter servicesfire door drop testview our new england commercial door repair services














    get a quote on commercial door repair
  

 

meet the new england garage door team!sales • service • installation we are southeastern new england’s leading provider of residential and commercial overhead garage door products, openers, and accessories since 1973.  we offer the best overhead garage doors for the best price in new england, guaranteed, and employ more local, ida certified technicians than any other door company in new england. this enables us to be new england’s fastest professional garage door service and provide quick, same day service and installations backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. we are an a+ bbb rated company

 











  
  
    frequently asked questions from new england homeowners (click here) → 
    

1. what is an overhead door?

an overhead door is a standard-style residential garage door that opens by lifting up, overhead, either manually or with an electric motor. they can be designed in various ways, but typically are three to four hinged sections with stylish windows in one of the sections. we also carry styles that can include windows throughout the entire door face, like these thermacore® doors with optional window placement. 
2. what are the standard sizes available for your new england residential garage doors?

in general, standard sizes for door widths are 8’, 9’ 10’, 12’, 15’, 16’, 18’ and 20’. some door series may have exceptions to this rule. check with your overhead door door distributor about the availability of specific sizes or custom width doors.
3. can i paint my new england garage door?

all overhead door steel garage doors can be painted with the color of your choice by using latex paint.
4. can i replace a section of my door or do i need to replace the whole door?

depending upon the damage involved to the garage door system, it is possible in many cases to replace a section of your garage door. your overhead door distributor can evaluate your situation and give you a recommendation on the best course of action.
5. how much does a garage door system cost in new england?

our products are available exclusively through a nationwide network of overhead door ribbon distributors. the price of your new garage door is influenced by a wide range of factors, including regional conditions. your local overhead door distributor should be contacted for an accurate price for the specific product you are considering.
6. what maintenance does my garage door require?

we recommend you have your garage door inspected annually. your overhead door distributor can give you the most thorough evaluation and perform routine maintenance as needed.
7. i have a low ceiling in my garage. will a garage door and opener work in my space?

yes. a residential door requires a minimum of 4 ½” of headroom space. your system will need a low headroom extension track or a low headroom torsion rear track. for a garage door opener you’ll need slightly more headroom, about 6 ½” minimum.
8. how can i get a new remote control for my new england opener?

your overhead door™ distributor can provide you with a broad range of opener accessories from remote controls to wireless keypads. you will first need to determine if your opener is a newer model with codedodger® or an older model that does not have codedodger®. however, if your opener was manufactured before 1980, you have an analog type opener that we no longer carry remotes for and your system will need to be upgraded with a new receiver kit. these kits are available through your distributor.
9. can you help me with instructions for re-programming my wireless keypad?

please select from the following programming instructions:
pre-1995 openers   |   post-1995 openers with codedodger®
10. how can i program my opener to work with my homelink® system in new england?

some vehicles may require the ignition be turned on or the vehicle actually be running to program the homelink transceiver.
click here for programming instructions



  
    how get it done right, the first time (click here) → 
    

1. three (3) year warranty
no other company offers you peace of mind, hassle-free protection with the area’s only three year residential steel door warranty for homeowners.
2. total satisfaction guarantee
100% satisfaction guarantee or your money back - complete satisfaction backed by an international manufacturer, installed by red ribbon factory certified professional technicians.
3. better local support with readily available local service - locally owned and operated for over 35 years
the only garage door company in the area with tens of thousands of satisfied, repeat customers over three decades. 50+ company vehicles and 87 dedicated professionals are ready to service your garage door needs faster and more professionally than any other area company with 24/7 emergency service available.
4. faster parts availability for your door
our 3 area locations located in norwood, ma, providence, ri, and norwich, ct - we'll have your door’s parts in stock for same day repair by one of our 50+ company vehicles.
5. state contractor licensed, insured and osha safety certified
100% professional installations with no liability to you as the homeowner. insurance certificate provided on request.
6. we are here when you need us
office and service hours: 7am to 6pm weekdays, 8am to noon saturdays, sundays and evenings by appointment, 24/7 web/email accessibility.



  
    dealer selection checklist (click here) → 
 what should i look for in a new england garage door dealer?

 

customer testimonialssome reviews from our awesome new england customers

 




reviews new england





















“dennis s. was prompt and very knowledgeable. he installed our doors on a new addition and did a fantastic job. he took the time to explain the system to us and was very thorough.”- garage door new england -






















“mike t, my garage installer, worked professionally and diligently. he left the working area clean and in better shape than when he's arrived. the garage doors are beautiful. thanks mike!”- garage door new england -






















“an excellent experience all around. sandy showed up on time, did a very professional job, left everything tip-top, and clearly explained what he'd done and how to operate the doors. he was friendly, competent, and meticulous.”- garage door new england -






















“jeff and the other associate (forgot name) were thorough quick and polite. jeff explained everything about our new door and left the work area nice and clean. thank you!- garage door new england -






















“great company and great installation! sandy was very friendly and more than willing to answer any questions i had about the door, the installation or anything else. they did a very professional job and left our garage clean and no mess inside or outside from their work. will def. use this company again! love the new door too!”- garage door new england -






















“a cable snapped off of my 20 year old garage door this weekend. i called them at 12:30pm today and a technician (cory) was at my house by 3pm! he took the time to explain to me to how my torque or torsion spring (i'm not very mechanically inclined) was on the outs and needed replacement. he also looked at my other door while he was at it. my wife and i found him to be courteous, knowledgeable (he said he's worked there for 10 years), and extremely patient with my myriad of questions. they are coventry's best!!!”garage door new england -






















“i have been using this company for years. i need to have torsion springs replaced on my garage doors periodically. they are always on time. they are neat, respectful and very efficient. they get the job done and i have never needed a call back for a mistake. i would trust them for any garage door work. the prices are reasonable too. special shout out to dan a. who came out recently. top notch guy.”- garage doors new england -






















“overhead door was extremely professional & prompt in all dealings from estimate to installation of 2 garage doors. ryan silva was the installer and proved to be an impressive worker! he was on time, installed both doors without a problem, and was thorough in explaining the mechanisms. the doors look great!thank you ryan & thank you overhead door!”- garage doors new england -






















“today manny r. from overhead door came out to install my new garage door. he was very professional and polite and i was very happy with the job. very neat and clean he even offered to help me put some stuff back in my garage. overhead door is great at what they do!”- garage door new england -






















“ted went above and beyond excellent service. he came by on his way home to check our garage door opener after hearing the scheduled tech couldn't make the call. he then came back and installed a whole new motor, photo cells and wall consoles within an hour because he knew that i had to leave. he explained everything he did as well as the operation of the new system, and at a good price. will definitely recommend this company!”- garage door new england -






















“ted c. was very professional,helpful, and had a very pleasant demeanor.we would highly recommend him and we request him in the future ifwe need service again. he was also very knowledgeable.excellent customer service!!”- garage door new england -






















“installed new garage door in about two hours, very polite, neat and friendly highly recommend”- garage door new england -






















“great service and great doors - really improved curb appeal. the designers helped us pick the best style and the price was very competitive.”- garage door new england -






















“mike thurber did an excellent job on my garage door repair. he was alsovery helpful in diagnosing my problem and getting a reasonable price forhis work. because of him. i will certainly consider using overhead doorcompany for any future work.”- garage door new england -






















dennis arrived on time, performed the work in a timely and skillful manner, was courteous and helpful in explaining the nuances of this particular instillation, and left the site in clean and tidy manner.- garage door new england -






















“i wish the folks at overhead door all the best. i would have been able to help bring you to the level that you need, but you chose otherwise. i hope all works out for you. i'm hear if needed... “- garage door new england -






















“garage door cable came off the spool, and the door would not work. mr raymond was very knowledgeable, fast without rushing, took time to explain what he was doing, and tested his work when he was finished. this was not a reapir for a home handy man and it took a real professional.”- garage doors new england -






















“i called overhead door early this morning when i had a problem with my garage door. dan was at my house within a couple off hours and fixed the issue quickly and affordably. ashley in the office was very friendly and helpful as well. thanks!”- garage door new england -






















“mike raymond showed up promptly at 8am yesterday to fix my garage door. the torsion spring had broken and the new one had just arrived by special order. mike was very personable and very considerate and very quickly fixed the door and got it working perfectly. no hassles. it turns out he's a neighbor who lives a half a mile away. my dog loves him. i couldn't be happier with the service and i highly recommend mike and his employer.”- garage doors new england -






















“overhead door did a wonderful job on both the initial meeting at our home and the installation as well. our installation technicians dennis & rick completed the work professionally and quickly and provided us with a review and instructions for operation and use. the company left none of the old hardware or door sections from our old door and the job was completely and left clean. the new door works great and look fantastic and has added value to our largest investment, our home.i would with 100% confidence recommend overhead door company.”- garage door new england -













contact us for any garage door service in new england




    contact us
  

 






homepage banner



home blurb








 



one overhead way,
warwick, ri, 02888,
united states
1-877-62-garage


hours
mon 8:00 - 4:30
tue 8:00 - 4:30
wed 8:00 - 4:30
thu 8:00 - 4:30
fri 8:00 - 4:30
sat 8:00 - 12:00
sun closed




  











 

residential
  ·  
  commercial
  ·  
  request quote
  ·  
    faq
  ·  
    safety
  ·  
    locations
    ·  
  corporate

  

overhead door company of providence / new bedford™ incone overhead way, warwick, ri 028881 (877) 624-2724

 

overhead door company of southeastern massachusetts™ inc67 tosca drive, stoughton, ma 020721 (781) 828-4033

  © 2023 overhead door company of providence/new bedford™ inc. & overhead door company of southeastern massachusetts™, inc. 
  
all rights reserved. 
 
sitemap

garage doors - brookline, ma   — 

garage doors - dedham, ma   — 

garage doors - needham, ma   — 

garage doors - westwood, ma   — 

garage doors - dover, ma   — 

garage doors ma - massachusetts   — 

garage doors - wellesley, ma   — 

garage doors ri - rhode island   — 

garage doors - warwick, ri   — 

garage doors - new england   — 

garage door - providence, ri   — 

garage door - stoughton, ma   — 

garage door - pawtucket, ri   — 

garage door - new bedford, ma   — 

garage door - quincy, ma   — 

garage doors - canton, ma   — 

garage door - sharon, ma   — 

garage door - norfolk, ma   — 

garage door - noorwood, ma   — 

garage door - seekonk, ma   — 

won-door - massachusetts   — 

won-door - connecticut   — 

won-door - rhode island   — 

won-door - new hampshire   — 

won-door - maine   — 

won-door - vermont   — 

won-door - boston   — 

won-door - danvers   — 

manny's garage door






























