



















clinics of north texas | wichita falls, tx best doctors & physicians






































f






 




















find a doctor
patient portal
employment








													clinic office hours 8 - 5 m - f													
												

clinic care hours 8am -6:30pm


pediatric sick hours


lab hours


occupational medicine hours




the clinic 940.766.3551
new patient line 940.766.8888











 
home
about
our doctors
specialties/services
patient/visitors
walk-in clinic
employment
contact

employment opportunities


pay my bill
 











find a doctor
patient portal
employment






























search by specialty or services

please choose...


breast center

cardiology

family practice

general surgery

glow md

infusion center

internal medicine physician

lab

neurology

obstetrics/gynecology

occupational medicine

ophthalmology / optometry

pediatrics

podiatry

primary care

psychiatry

radiology

sleep medicine

spirometry

weight loss












patients & visitors 
main line: 940.766.3551
new patient info line: 940.766.8888
newpatientcare@cntllp.com
customer service: 940.716.5760
patient_feedback@cntllp.com
1.800.393.3551
 
view more










testimonials



just wanted to let clinic leadership know that dr. williams & his staff are wonderful. they removed my 14 year old’s ingrown toenails yesterday & did an awesome job! his lvn & rn were very nice and attentive. dr. williams did a great job explaining the procedure & with the procedure itself.
also, dr. peters is our pediatrician (she referred us). her staff is always wonderful & there when i need them! great patient care! april
- april of  wichita falls
















news
clinic care open everyday 8:00am – 6:30pm! no appointments needed.
3d mammograms with smart curve allowing a more comfortable exam!
mri with ambient experience!
new family practice physicians accepting patients now!  dr. ashlee gresham, dr. jacob heuring,  dr. chelsea shine, or dr. deanne wirth
dr. cephas mujuruki, sleep medicine! accepting new patients now!
botox and fillers now available! physician supervised nutrition and weight loss
occupational medicine at clinics of north texas
more news









looking for employment or recruitment? apply online today


contact us









learn more about the clinic

about: community

about: community
testimonials
media

learn more

today the clinics of north texas, l.l.p. (cnt) is able to combine the expertise of approximately 34 physicians in more than 15 medical specialties. we use the latest technology and have more than 200 employees, so that you will feel comfortable in knowing you’ve made the right choice in choosing a cnt physician to meet the healthcare needs for your entire family. with this combination of respected medical expertise and technology, patients throughout texoma can receive the same level of healthcare offered in large cities in a more convenient location, closer to home. at cnt, you’ll not only have easy access to your family physician, you’ll have an entire team of specialists ready to coordinate your care. from family medicine to specialty care, our physicians work as a team to preserve and protect the good health of our community.












where to find us
the clinics of north texas501 midwestern pkwy ewichita falls, tx 76302940.766.3551

get directions











home
about
find a doctor
patient/visitors
employee login
privacy policy
faq
sitemap
contact us
 






newpatientcare@cntllp.com
patient_feedback@cntllp.com



























skip navigation


