


accessallstate.com privacy statement
















































accessallstate.com privacy statement

california residents click here
all other states see privacy statement below.
revised february 27, 2015click here for information on new york domestic violence notice
thank you for choosing allstate. we respect your privacy and work hard to protect your personal information. this statement is provided on behalf of allstate life insurance company and the affiliates ("allstate") listed at the end of this notice. we would like to explain how we collect, use and share the information we obtain about you in the course of doing business.
our privacy assurance 
we do not sell your personal or medical information to anyone.
we do not share your information with non-affiliate companies that would use it to contact you about their own products and services, unless permitted pursuant to a joint marketing agreement.
we require persons or organizations that represent or assist us in servicing your policy and claims to keep your information confidential.
we require our employees to protect your personal information and keep it confidential.
as you can see, protecting your personal information is important to us. in addition to the practices described above, we use a variety of physical, technical and administrative security measures that help to safeguard your information. for social security numbers (ssn), this includes restricting access to our employees, agents and others who use your ssn only as permitted by law: to comply with the law, to provide you with products and services, and to handle your claims. also, our employees’ and agents’ access to and use of your ssn are limited by the law, our policies and standards, and our written agreements.
our privacy practices continue to apply to your information even if you cease to be an allstate customer.
what personal information do we have and where do we get it
we gather personal information from you and from outside sources for business purposes. some examples of the information we collect from you may include your name, phone number, home and e-mail addresses, driver's license number, social security number, marital status, family member information and healthcare information. also, we maintain records that include, but are not limited to, policy coverages, premiums, and payment history. we also collect information from outside sources that may include, but is not limited to, your driving record, claims history, medical information and credit information.
how we use and share your personal information
 in the course of normal business activities, we use and share your personal information with persons or organizations within and outside of allstate, for business purposes as permitted. for example, we may do this to:

fulfill a transaction you requested or service your policy
market our products to you
handle your claim
prevent fraud
comply with requests from regulatory and law enforcement authorities
participate in insurance support organizations
the persons or organizations with whom we may share your personal information may include, among others:
your agent, broker or allstate-affiliated companies
companies that perform services, such as marketing, credit card processing, and performing communication services on our behalf
business partners that assist us with tracking how visitors use allstate.com.
other financial institutions with whom we have a joint marketing agreement
other insurance companies that play a role in an insurance transaction with you
a business or businesses that conduct actuarial or research studies
those who request information pursuant to a subpoena or court order
the internet and your information security
our website, accessallstate.com provides information about us, our products, and the agencies and brokers that represent us. you may also perform some transactions on the website. this privacy statement applies to users of accessallstate.com regardless of whether the user is an allstate customer.
we use cookies, analytics and other technology to help us provide users with a better service and a more customized web experience. many commercial internet sites use cookies; a cookie enables the site to label you as a particular user, but it does not identify you by name or address unless you have provided us with such information (over the internet or otherwise) or set up preferences in your browser to do so automatically.
you may opt out of accepting cookies by changing the settings on your browser. however, rejecting cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and you may have to repeatedly enter information to take advantage of services or promotions.
cookies allow us to provide you with a more customized service and are used to track and measure website usage. this information may be used to manage and customize our website's content, layout, and services in order to improve our site, enhance customer service, and provide tailored messages.
how you can review and correct your personal information?
you can request to review your personal information contained in our records at any time. to do this, please send a letter to the address below requesting to see your information for the previous two years. please note we may not be able to provide information relating to investigations, claims, litigation, and other matters. we will be happy to make corrections whenever possible. please send requests to:
allstate customer privacy inquiriesp.o. box 660191dallas, tx 75266-0191
who should use our website?
our website is for insurance and financial products and services and is not intended for children; we do not market any products or services to children under the age of thirteen or knowingly collect any information from children under the age of thirteen. if we become aware that information is or has been submitted by or collected from a child under the age of thirteen, we will delete this information.
what security procedures do we use to guard against the loss, misuse, alteration, or theft of information while that information is being submitted to allstate over the internet?
to help ensure the security of your personal and financial information that you submit this site, (other than via an e-mail message), we use security software to encrypt the information before and during its transmission through the internet. we only allow information to be submitted for transmission if your browser is compatible with our security software. if your browser is not compatible, you will receive a message indicating your transaction can be completed but at a lower level of security. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
e-mail messages are not secure. our security software does not encrypt e-mail messages. e-mail messages traveling through the internet are subject to viewing, alteration, and copying by potentially anyone on the internet.
you should exercise discretion with respect to the submission of any personal or financial information via e-mail. if you are concerned about the security of your communication, we encourage you to send your correspondence through the postal service or use the telephone to speak directly to us. we are not responsible for the security or confidentiality of communications you send to us through the internet using e-mail messages.
what can you do as a customer to help maintain the security of information when accessing allstate over the internet? 
some steps you can take to maintain the security of your information include: 

utilize the latest, updated version of your web browser.
keep your user id and pin or password confidential.
utilize a pin or password unique to you and, if possible, change it frequently.
make sure others are not watching you enter your user id, pin or password on your keyboard when using the customer care center or when using other protected areas of accessallstate.com.
do not leave your computer unattended while logged onto our customer care center or other protected areas of accessallstate.com. after you've finished accessing your information, exit the customer care center or other protected area within accessallstate.com, and close your browser window.
whose privacy statement applies to links and co-branded sites?
allstate provides links to other sites as a convenience to persons who visit the allstate website. if you choose to use the services provided by those sites, you may be asked by those sites to provide certain personally identifiable information (some of which may be shared with allstate). please be aware that allstate is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of every website that you visit, as the privacy policies of those sites may differ from ours. our privacy statement applies solely to this website.
your preference for sharing personal information
we would like to share your personal information with one or more allstate affiliates in order to make you aware of different products, services and offers they can provide. you can request that allstate and its affiliate companies not share your personal information with our affiliates for marketing products and services by calling 1-800-856-2518 twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. please keep in mind that it may take up to four weeks to process your request. if you previously contacted us and asked us not to allow other allstate affiliates to use your personal information, your previous choice still applies and you do not need to contact us again. if you would like to change your previous choice please call the number above at any time.
we hope you have found this important notice helpful. if you are not comfortable with any of the terms or policies described in this privacy statement, we ask that you discontinue use of our site. please be aware that we may periodically update or revise this privacy statement. if we make a material change to our online privacy statement, we will post a notice on our homepage notifying users that the policy has been revised. if you have any questions or would like more information, please don't hesitate to call us at 1-800-allstate®.
we reserve the right to change our privacy practices, procedures, and terms.
allstate entities on which behalf this notice is provided and amongst which information may be shared: the allstate family of companies,lsa securities,deerbrook general agency, inc.,deerbrook insurance company,  north light specialty insurance company, northbrook indemnity company.
please note: allstate affiliates american heritage life insurance company, castle key insurance company and castle key indemnity company participate in information sharing with the affiliates listed above, but have a separate privacy notice for their customers.
for purchasers of sec-registered products: you may obtain information about the securities investor protection corporation, including the sipc brochure, by contacting sipc at (202) 371-8300 or www.sipc.org.
changes to the online privacy policy
we may modify our privacy policy from time to time. please take a look at the revised date at the top of this page to see when this privacy policy was last revised. each of our customers receives a copy of our privacy policy annually.
state specific information
california residents click here
for montana residents:pursuant to montana law, you may also request a record of any disclosure of your medical information during the preceding three years. please send requests to: allstate customer privacy inquiries, p.o. box 660191, dallas, tx 75266-0191.
for nevada residents:allstate is committed to serving you when and where you prefer as we help you protect what you have today and prepare you for the future. to that end, and as nevada law requires, if you do not want to receive sales calls from allstate, you have the option to be placed on our internal "do not call" list. (please disregard this notice if you have already been added to allstate's internal "do not call" list.) you may make this request in the following convenient ways:
contact your local allstate agency
call 1-800-allstate and speak with a customer representative
visit allstate.com, click on contact us and send us an e-mail
write to us at allstate customer privacy inquiries, p.o. box 660191, dallas, tx 75266-0191
in your discussion or correspondence with us, please be sure to provide us with your name, address and all telephone numbers you wish to include on our list. if you have questions about this notice, you may contact us at the address listed above or you may also contact the nevada attorney general's office at:
office of the nevada attorney generalbureau of consumer protection555 e.washington avenue.; suite 3900las vegas, nv 89101phone: (702) 486-3132email: aginfo@ag.nv.gov 
please note that allstate's "do not call" list is limited only to telephone solicitation calls. we may still contact you about your allstate policy, billing issues, claims and other service matters.
for new york residents:new york insurance law §2612 provides important protections for victims of domestic violence.  these protections include prohibiting insurers from taking certain actions against individuals based solely on their status as a current or former victim of domestic violence.  the law also establishes processes an insurer must follow to protect the confidentiality of a person covered under a policy of insurance when that person properly presents the insurer with a valid order of protection obtained against the policyholder as further explained below.
if a person covered by an insurance policy issued to another person as the policyholder delivers to the insurer a valid order of protection against the policyholder, the insurer is prohibited for the duration of the order from disclosing to the policyholder the address and telephone number of the insured, or of any person or entity providing covered services to the insured.  if a child is the covered person under the policy, this right extends to the child’s parent or guardian.
to initiate a request for confidentiality in connection with a valid order of protection, please contact us or send a copy of the valid order of protection to:
allstate life insurance company of new yorkp.o. box 660191dallas, tx 75266-0191phone: 1-800-268-5619fax: 1-866-525-5433
along with your request, you may provide us with an alternative address, telephone number or other method by which to contact you.  you may revoke your request at any time by sending a letter to the address above.  
we will implement your request within three (3) business days of our receipt.  once implemented we will not share your name, address, social security number or any other information from which there is a reasonable basis to believe the foregoing could be obtained, to the policyholder or other insured covered under the same policy against whom you have a valid order of protection, without your express consent.       
new york state domestic and sexual violence hotlineto obtain information on domestic violence resources in your community, call the nys domestic and sexual violence hotline at:  english:  1-800-942-6906    spanish:  1-800-942-6908in nyc:  1-800-621-hope (4673) or dial 311tty:  1-866-604-5350
for vermont residents:we won't share your personal information with allstate companies for marketing purposes except as allowed by vermont law.















contact us
				| 
legal statement
				| 
privacy policy
| 
website accessibility


























