



jokeattack.com

























3in1 cms












                                    



mon 17 feb 2025







where to ?

  home
  advertise
  links




contribute a joke 


send us your joke






 











subscribe


sign up for our email list and jokes in your email!
first name

last name

email

html-email
text-email







 welcome to jokeattack.com 
 



hello
erotik shop
erotik shop
erotik shop
erotik shop
erotik shop
erotik shop
erotik shop

iskenderun escort



 

picture of the week
the icar - contributor:
joke of the week
brooms & carrotsticks - contributor:bob was joining the army and they were handing out rifles when he arrived, so he got in line.  when it got to bob, they had run out of guns. the man issuing rifles gave him a broom
"this is a magic broom -- point it at anybody, say 'bangity bangity bang,' and they will die."  bob was really worried because he didn't think it would work, but he got in line for bayonets, thinking he might stand a chance if he could stab them to death. as luck would have it, bob's turn came and they had ran out.  
"don't worry."  said the man issuing them out. "i will give you this magic carrot -- point it at somebody, say 'stabbity stabbity stab,' and they will die."  now bob is terrified, going into battle with a broom and carrot, when the sirens go off, signaling invasion.  bob goes out, only to be laughed at by the enemy.  one enemy even comes up to him, hoping to get a good shot at him.  well, bob didn't have anything to lose so he pointed at him and said "bangity bangity bang!" and the guy fell down dead. he did the same thing with the magic carrot.  amazed at what was happening, he continued to fight.  then, a guy came slowly up to him and he would not die.  bob tried to shoot and stab him, but he wouldn't die.  the last words poor bob heard as he was being trampled over were "tankity tankity tank."





categories


top rated


top viewed by most




animal jokes   (123)


blonde jokes   (262)


computer jokes   (33)


funny pictures   (96)


lawyer jokes   (55)


medical jokes   (76)


misc. jokes   (499)


people jokes   (234)


political jokes   (97)


redneck jokes   (129)


relationship jokes   (36)


restaurant jokes   (2)


sports jokes   (56)


work jokes   (24)


yomama jokes   (298)



 












 



copyright © 
jokeattack.com    
webmaster@jokeattack.com

bookmark | set as home page 







