





domestic relations court of clermont county


































































skip to main content (press enter)











toggle navigation





                domestic relations court of clermont county            

domestic relations courtdomestic relations courtabout the court

can i talk to the judge?costs and filing feescourt information/hoursholiday schedule
faqsform libraryfun/free eventsresources

child support paymentscivil protection ordercommunity based support servicescourt based support serviceshealth insurance marketplacelaw cliniclegal aid society – legal help clinicneed a ride to court?ohio department of education programsohio department of job & family services  - office of child supportohio legal helprental/utility assistancetalbert housethe ohio justice busthe supreme court of ohio
local rulesparenting seminarscontact us
















 
costs and filing fees
this is a listing of the deposits required for court costs.  if your total court costs exceed the deposit, the balance will need to be paid before the final decree or entry can be filed.





 
faqs
frequently asked questions that revolve around all of the court proceedings can be found here.





 
forms library
unsure what to file? legal assistance through the monthly law clinic frequently asked questions ohio legal help website for domestic relations cases we periodically update our forms, to ensure you






 



 mission statement of the clermont county court of domestic relations
guided by the law and principles of equity, the court works:
to promote the care and support of children;
to protect with dignity the victims of domestic violence; 
to resolve property disputes justly; and
to serve respectfully, efficiently, ably and with compassion.
adopted january, 2021









 
 




domestic court law clinic clermont county domestic court is holding a monthly law clinic from 9 a.m. until noon at the clermont county library administration building located at 326 broadway street, batavia, ohio 45103.  a volunteer attorney will be at the clinic to assist self-represented litigants with reviewing legal documents before these documents are filed.

click here for more details


 





legal aid society – legal help clinic the clermont county domestic relations court will host the legal aid society of greater cincinnati and the volunteer lawyers in a legal help clinic at the domestic court, 2340 clermont center drive, batavia, ohio.
the volunteer attorney is able to help self-represented parties with divorce, dissolution or post decree matters.  the volunteer attorney cannot consult on civil protection order matters.
the legal aid clinic will be held the 3rd and 4th wednesday of each month between 9am and 12pm.
click here for more details

 


 


 










© 2025, domestic relations court of clermont county.  all rights reserved.



2340 clermont center drive, suite 200


batavia, oh 45103


513.732.7327


login























