




















old mission santa inés | founded 1804 - solvang, california



































skip to main content










bulletins
directions
contact
 





search form

search this site 





 




in englishen español 





old mission
founded 1804
capuchin franciscan


santa inés
solvang, california
sacred heart sisters

 

 
 







 




homeour parishwelcome from fr. mikeparish staff directoryour pastoral teamdeacon ancelmo aguirrecapuchin franciscanssacred heart sistersparish ongoing events and meetingsparish newsweekly bulletinsabout masscommunity involvementtogether in missionwine to gladden the heart eventblessing of animalschange your parish informationlas posadasimmaculate conception novenaparish events photo galleryst. patrick's day celebrationpalm sunday processionholy thursday - jueves santogood friday - viernes santostations of the cross - via crucisholy saturday - easter vigil - sabado de gloriaholy saturday - easter vigil 2018easter sunday - domingo de pascuaeaster egg huntdivine mercy sundaymass of santa inésour lady of guadalupeparish picnicelvira and solomon rojas and the guadalupanos celebrationst. joseph feast day celebration honoring joe and kathy aireyyouth day 20162016 solvang julefest parade - religious education4th of july paradeharvest dinner 2017our ministriesfaith formationproject pentecost storiesconfirmationreligious educationyouth ministrysacramental preparationgrupo de adolocentesyoung adults - jovenes adultosadult confirmationr.c.i.a. - rite of christian initiation for adultseagles wings1st holy communion 2017catechistscalendar - all classescalendar - year 1 - sundaycalendar - year 1 - wednesdaycalendar - year 2 - sundaycalendar - year 2 - wednesdayfamily life ministriesbaptismal preparationmarriages and weddingsbereavement and funeralssacramental recordsministry of community weddingssafeguard god's childrenprayer ministrieseucharistic adorationblessed sacrament adoration & benedictionhealing massrosary for liferosary for vocationsdivine mercy cenaclepastoral careministry for sick or homeboundprison ministriesother pastoral ministriesservice and community outreachhospitality & community careparish men's clubgrupo de parejassisters in spiritmission book clubsociety of st. vincent de paulchristmas basket programamig@s de los capuchinosmeals on wheels - solvangparish picnic and restoration raffleworship and liturgyacolyte altar serverschildren's liturgyeucharistic ministersgreeterslectorsmusic ministerssacristanushersadministrationparish office teamfacilities and grounds teamvolunteershispanic ministriesarmada blancacoro guadalupano - 7 pm saturday masscoro de la natividaddanza azteca y ballet folklorico xochiquetzaldivina misericordiaguadalupanosgrupo de oracióngrupo de parejasministerio de bodas comunitariasgrupo de adolocentesjovenes adultosprograma para quinceañerascomité organizardor de fiestasmission santa inésgift shop and mission tourssanta inésmission history in picturesmission historyhistory summarypre-mission historythe chumashthe new mission: site selectionconstructionearly history: 1804 to 1850the earthquake of 1812rebuilding: progress and productivityjoseph chapman and the pirateschumash revoltsecularizationcalifornia's first seminary and primary schoola new era: 1851 to the 1904father alexander bucklerthe capuchin franciscansa living traditionmission treasuresartwork and paintingsartifacts - the bellsmanuscriptsvestmentsarchival centermission restorationbuildingspaintings and artworkcmf conferencea walk with bill warwickour faithabout catholic massfaith formationsacramentsprayeradorationcatholics returning homecatholic news mediauseful linksdaily readings and prayersliturgical year - holy days of obligation, solemnities and feast dayssolemnity of the assumption of blessed virgin marysolemnity of the most holy body and blood of jesus - corpus christisolemnity of the most holy trinitysolemnity of the most sacred heart of jesusthe ascension of jesusways to giveways to get involvedopportunities for givingst. vincent de paul and amazonsmile foundationgivetake action - public advocacy 

 
















previous

pause

next






  



  



  



  



  



  



  





 

 
 












weekly mass schedule
daily mass 
monday to saturday, 8:00 am english
saturday vigil
5:00 pm - english
7:00 pm - spanish & livestream
sunday masses
8:00 am - english
  9:30 am - english & livestream
11:00 am - bilingual
12:30 pm - spanish
adoration chapel/capilla de adoración
monday thru friday, 7:00 am – 8:00 pm
lunes a viernes, 7:00 am – 8:00 pm
usccb daily mass readings








view: our facebook page news feed for announcements and livestreamed masses
weekly message from our pastor, fr. michael ronayne





are we salty? are we shining the light of our lord?
we can sometimes think of faith as a matter of going to church, praying for blessings, and being nice. they are parts of faith, but today's readings call us to do more. a christian brings the light of jesus' mercy and justice to the world. we have to be salty, too, purifying and giving a good flavor to the world. very challenging.
is the way we speak, act, what we do online or on the street shine with the goodness of christ?
apart from our rosary or religious articles we wear, would our lifestyle tell the world that we are christians?
do we purify and shine up our surroundings?
it is easy to blend into the background, to practice faith as a private matter. jesus says something different. let us pray that the lord will help us to be shiny and salty in a dark and challenging world.               
fr. mike ronayne




       

 

 



 

 




left notice 1








 





left side temp announcements





 





homepage upper left





 





general announcements










sign me up

 
 
 





from church leaders...




tweets by pope francis 

tweets by archbishop gomez 


 



 




daily readings








holy days of obligation 2025
the ascension of the lord*
			june 1st
the assumption of the blessed virgin mary
			 august 15th 
all saints’ day
			nov 1st
the immaculate conception of
			the blessed virgin mary
			december 8th
the nativity of the lord
			december 25th (christmas)
 *the solemnity of the ascension of the lord is transferred from may 29th (thurs) to sunday, june 1st .  








 





reconciliation *




the sacrament of reconciliation*
bilingual/bilingüe
saturdays
3pm - 5pm
back of church
* confession
 





blessed sacrament adoration & benediction




3rd thursday of each month
7:00 pm in the church
 





pope francis' intentions for february




for vocations to the priesthood and religious life - 
let us pray that the ecclesial community might welcome the desires and doubts of those young people who feel a call to serve christ’s mission in the priesthood and religious life.
read pope francis' monthly reflection...


instagram by pontifex

 
 





left side block




this year, as we celebrate the jubilee year of the catholic church, we invite you to make a special gift to together in mission to mark this sacred time of renewal and hope. together in mission 2025 “gifts of the heart” annual appeal launches with announcement weekend on february 1-2, commitment weekend on february 8-9, and follow-up weekend on february february 15-16, 2025.
as one catholic community of faith, rooted in prayer, let us reflect on how we can support our underserved parishes and schools in the archdiocese of los angeles. did you know that one in every five parishes and one in every four catholic schools rely on financial assistance to continue their vital ministries? your generosity directly impacts these communities, providing the resources they need to thrive. 
this year’s cumulative together in mission goal is $16.9 million, representing the collective efforts of our catholic family across all five regions. your parish’s goal and progress throughout the year can be tracked on the together in mission leaderboard at togetherinmission.org. let us come together to make a difference and bring the love of christ to those in need. please consider making a special jubilee year gift to together in mission today!  


 



 
 








mission statement




we the people of old mission santa inés, following the path of jesus christ,
are making his vision a reality through love, unity, justice, joy and hope.
 



 
 






bottom footer




old mission santa inés • 1760 mission drive • solvang, ca  93463 • (805) 688-4815 • fax (805) 686-4468 • office@missionsantaines.org
 






login 




designed by on fire media


 
 
  



homeour parishwelcome from fr. mikeparish staff directoryour pastoral teamdeacon ancelmo aguirrecapuchin franciscanssacred heart sistersparish ongoing events and meetingsparish newsweekly bulletinsabout masscommunity involvementtogether in missionwine to gladden the heart eventblessing of animalschange your parish informationlas posadasimmaculate conception novenaparish events photo galleryst. patrick's day celebrationpalm sunday processionholy thursday - jueves santogood friday - viernes santostations of the cross - via crucisholy saturday - easter vigil - sabado de gloriaholy saturday - easter vigil 2018easter sunday - domingo de pascuaeaster egg huntdivine mercy sundaymass of santa inésour lady of guadalupeour lady of guadalupe storyparish picnic2016 mission garden picnic and restoration raffle2015 parish picnicelvira and solomon rojas and the guadalupanos celebrationst. joseph feast day celebration honoring joe and kathy aireyyouth day 20162016 solvang julefest parade - religious education4th of july paradeharvest dinner 2017our ministriesfaith formationproject pentecost storiesconfirmationconfirmation sign up for service eventsconfirmation log service hours workedreligious educationyouth ministrysacramental preparationgrupo de adolocentesyoung adults - jovenes adultosadult confirmationr.c.i.a. - rite of christian initiation for adultseagles wings1st holy communion 2017catechistscalendar - all classescalendar - year 1 - sundaycalendar - year 1 - wednesdaycalendar - year 2 - sundaycalendar - year 2 - wednesdayfamily life ministriesbaptismal preparationmarriages and weddingsbereavement and funeralssacramental recordsministry of community weddingssafeguard god's childrenprayer ministrieseucharistic adorationblessed sacrament adoration & benedictionhealing massrosary for liferosary for vocationsdivine mercy cenaclepastoral careministry for sick or homeboundprison ministriesother pastoral ministriesservice and community outreachhospitality & community carest patrick's day celebration 2019harvest dinner 2017bell concertmarie tevis tributemass at the grottost. lawrence brindisi 8th grade retreat daywelcome new parishionerseaster sunrise masschristmas handbell concert 2019healing garden bricksparish men's clubparish men's club historymembership informationgrupo de parejassisters in spiritmission book clubsociety of st. vincent de paulcircle v ranch campamazonsmile programomsi parish community & pastor matthew elshoff honored by society of st. vincent de paul los angeleschristmas basket programamig@s de los capuchinosamigos and novices in 4th of july parademeals on wheels - solvangparish picnic and restoration raffleworship and liturgyacolyte altar serverschildren's liturgyeucharistic ministersgreeterslectorsmusic ministerssacristanushersadministrationparish office teamfacilities and grounds teamvolunteershispanic ministriesarmada blancacoro guadalupano - 7 pm saturday masscoro de la natividaddanza azteca y ballet folklorico xochiquetzaldivina misericordiaguadalupanosgrupo de oracióngrupo de parejasministerio de bodas comunitariasgrupo de adolocentesjovenes adultosprograma para quinceañerascomité organizardor de fiestasmission santa inésgift shop and mission tourssanta inésmission history in picturesmission historyhistory summarypre-mission historythe chumashthe new mission: site selectionconstructionearly history: 1804 to 1850the earthquake of 1812rebuilding: progress and productivityjoseph chapman and the pirateschumash revoltsecularizationcalifornia's first seminary and primary schoola new era: 1851 to the 1904father alexander bucklerthe capuchin franciscansa living traditionmission treasuresartwork and paintingsthe good shepherdartifacts - the bellsmanuscriptsvestmentsarchival centermission restorationbuildingspaintings and artworkcmf conferencea walk with bill warwickour faithabout catholic massfaith formationsacramentsprayeradorationcatholics returning homecatholic news mediauseful linksdaily readings and prayersliturgical year - holy days of obligation, solemnities and feast dayssolemnity of the assumption of blessed virgin marysolemnity of the most holy body and blood of jesus - corpus christisolemnity of the most holy trinitysolemnity of the most sacred heart of jesusthe ascension of jesusways to giveways to get involvedopportunities for givingst. vincent de paul and amazonsmile foundationgivetake action - public advocacy 







