

cgiscript.net :: automate your website for less!



























home :
                    visit our store
                    :
                    latest specials
                    :
                    recommend uscontact us
                    :
                  support forum :
                  multiple domain discount














ï¿½ cgi scriptsï¿½
                        php scriptsï¿½
                        free javascriptsï¿½
                        free softwareï¿½
                        free perl snippetsï¿½ website designï¿½
                        script/web hostingï¿½
                        custom programmingï¿½
                        articlesï¿½
                        tutorialsï¿½
                        affiliatesï¿½
                        industry newsï¿½
                        link to usï¿½
                        refund policy

testimonials....

                        "cgiscript.net has allowed our company to come to life
                        with original, innovative & interactive social community
                        features!" -
                        fitflex fitness

                        "in 2001 i purchased several scripts from cgiscript.net
                        and they worked flawlessly for years. then, in 2011, i
                        moved my site to a different server and, in the process,
                        one of the scripts wasn't being recognized anymore.
                        despite the fact that i had purchased the script 10
                        years earlier, andy and the cgiscript.net team worked
                        for more than an hour with me to get the cgi scripts
                        into the right location of my new server and working
                        properly. i consider this customer service well above
                        and beyond the call of duty and the fact that i
                        purchased the script 10 years ago and it is still
                        working great today is a testament to the quality of
                        their products."
                        
                        joe tracy
http://www.digitalmediafx.com


                        i spent 2 months with 2nd-level technicians on my
                        subscription membership solution and although they tried
                        very hard, we just couldn't get it to register members
                        on my website and have them log in successfully. so i
                        bought one of cgiscript.net's perl scripts and andy
                        installed it for me properly. then i needed some
                        extended features on it and andy gave me an affordable
                        price for the custom programming, which now works
                        flawlessly. andy stands 100% behind his products, so i
                        would not hesitate to turn to cgiscript.net again, if i
                        needed something.
                        
wildboar.net

sponsors....

                        in times when i need my
                        paper written
                        i seek help and never regret it.
                        you will get professionally written essays only at
                        usessaywriters.com.
                      















welcome to cgiscript.net,
                                    established in 1998 we pride ourselves on
                                    having the best customer service in the
                                    business. you will find our products to be
                                    user friendly and easy to learn. if you need
                                    to contact us for any reason, you will
                                    quickly learn that our high level of
                                    customer support is unmatched by anyone.
                                  

download a couple of our free programs
                                      and try our free online demos. once you
                                      see the ease in which the applications can
                                      be installed, configured, and integrated
                                      into your site you will feel comfortable
                                      buying our products. if you have any
                                      questions,
                                      just ask.





 csforum $49 csforum is a powerful, web based
                                    light-weight forum.  many forums on the
                                    market are very cumbersome and hard to
                                    understand.  there are so many settings
                                    on some of them that you never really know
                                    what you are doing.  many of the
                                    forums, in fact, are complete
                                    websites.  that is great if that is
                                    what you want.  but what if all you
                                    want is to add one or more forums to your
                                    existing website?  we have solved that
                                    problem for you by developing csforum!


cstell-a-friend $39increase traffic to your site - your web
                                    site visitors push traffic to your location
                                    and promote your site's unique qualities.
                                    cstell-a-friend's visitor-generated
                                    personalized email referrals create traffic
                                    on a daily basis. each time a user visits
                                    your website and tells a friend, your
                                    website traffic is increased. because the
                                    referral comes from a trusted friend the
                                    visitor arrives at the site in a good frame
                                    of mind.




csformbuilder $49csformbuilder is an extremely powerful and
                                    totally automated application that enables
                                    the user to build and manage multiple mailto
                                    forms and add them anywhere in a web site.
                                    no programming knowledge is required. you
                                    can build an unlimited number of forms.
                                    multi-page form capability. image upload and
                                    file transfers. select from a handful of
                                    predefined templates or create a form from
                                    scratch.
                                  




                                        cscalendar $49cscalendar is a web-based calendar
                                    program to help you keep track of your
                                    company events, meetings, appointments,
                                    birthdays, etc. easily display the calendar
                                    on your web site. you can call the calendar
                                    in using multiple formats. you can call the
                                    calendar in using server side includes (ssi)
                                    or javascript call codes.




csmaintain $49csmaintain is used to maintain the files on
                                    your server that you update on a regular
                                    basis. for example. if you are responsible
                                    for updating your department organization
                                    chart you can simply upload the latest file
                                    by clicking your mouse.



csarticles $99 :: free installationnot just another editor. this script
                                    has many industry first features that you
                                    simply have to see for yourself. update and
                                    maintain articles and news items on your web
                                    site with this full-featured and extremely
                                    flexible content management system.




csindex $49csindex is a completely automated system
                                    that allows you to easily display and track
                                    files available for download from your
                                    website. once you specify a directory to
                                    index using its web based browsing system,
                                    csindex will dynamically create a listing of
                                    files in that directory.
                                  


csblog $49csblog is a powerful blog (web log/journal)
                                    management tool. use the script to create
                                    ongoing news items or journal entries.
                                    csblog allows you to quickly and easily
                                    manage entries into your website with
                                    ease.






                                        csmailto
 $49an automated script that allows the
                                    user to build and manage multiple mailto
                                    forms within a web site. now you can use
                                    preexisting forms. forms created in
                                    frontpage, dreamweaver, and any other html
                                    editor. you can import them into
                                    csmailto!


cspost
freecspost easily allows you to add
                                    interactivity to your website by allowing
                                    visitors to post a comment or message. what
                                    the script allows you to do is add a very
                                    light forum-type script to a page in your
                                    website.





csdirectory $49csdirectory is a simple, yet flexible
                                    web-based address book system. it lets
                                    people search the address book, look up
                                    entries alphabetically, or add themselves to
                                    the directory (optional setting). the admin
                                    user may delete entries, and change the
                                    admin password.


csfileshare  $35with file sizes increasing each day
                                    and internet service suppliers restricted
                                    the size of files that can be sent via email
                                    it is more and more necessary to have a
                                    central location to share your files with
                                    fellow co-workers or clients.






cspoller $49creating, maintaining, and conducting
                                    online polls and surveys is now easier than
                                    ever. you can create polls and surveys that
                                    have expire on a specific date or have the
                                    run forever (until you stop it).




cspublisher 
                                        $99 :: free installationweb-based content management
                                      software for any level of user. create,
                                      edit, manage an entire website using our
                                      all-new wysiwyg html editor.







csnews professional $69 :: free installationupdate and maintain news items on
                                    your web site with this full-featured and
                                    extremely flexible news updating script. we
                                    have incorporated our powerful wysiwyg html
                                    editor.
                                  




csbanner $49csbanner is a comprehensive system
                                    for maintaining a set of rotating banner ads
                                    on your site. banners can be displayed on
                                    your pages via ssi or javascript tags.
                                    multiple groups can be created, this allows
                                    you to organize your banners rotations with
                                    ease.






                                        csfind-n-replace $39csfind-n_replace is designed to help
                                    webmasters make those very tedious edits in
                                    multiple pages all at once. add the text you
                                    want to replace in find field and the text
                                    you want to replace the original text with
                                    in the replace field and click change!



csclicktracker  $49csclicktracker is a powerful links
                                    management tool. use the script to create
                                    links for various areas of your site. when
                                    the link is clicked it is tracked by the
                                    script. you can later view the statistics of
                                    the link online using our friendly
                                    management screen.






                                        csgallery 

                                        $99 :: free installationbuild an image gallery with ease!
                                    csgallery is a web-based, software product
                                    suite that fully automates the process of
                                    viewing, publishing, maintaining,
                                    distributing, and marketing your web-based
                                    multimedia gallery.



csguest $49csguest is an automated application
                                    that allows the user to manage one or more
                                    guestbooks from one location. you can add as
                                    many guestbooks as you would like. many
                                    sites use a guestbook to get comments about
                                    their web site. this guestbook can double as
                                    a single thread forum as well.







                                          csdynamic $49csdynamic is designed to rotate
                                      content through your site automatically -
                                      dynamically. webmasters spend a lot of
                                      time updating content on their pages to
                                      make things look fresh and to keep
                                      information current. psdynamic allows you
                                      to do this automatically.





                                        csmembership
$99
                                      :: free installationcsmembership is a mysql driven user
                                    management program built around paypal's
                                    subscription services. csmembership
                                    interfaces with paypal to allow for
                                    automated user sign-up, cancellations, and
                                    reoccurring billing.






cscounter

                                            freecscounter is a simple, yet flexible
                                      web-based counter program. it allows you
                                      to easily add counters to any page on your
                                      website. very easy to install, like all of
                                      our scripts.





                                        cslivesupport $49now your web site visitors can
                                    contact you immediately, live, using only
                                    their web browser. if they have a question
                                    while they are looking over your site, all
                                    they have to do is click the image that says
                                    you are online.







cscreate professional $49cscreate pro offers team web site
                                      management capabilities. a single
                                      administrator sets up an unlimited amount
                                      of users. this allows you to setup
                                      different users for each area of your web
                                      site. the administrator also determines
                                      what pages can be edited by each
                                      user.





csnewsletter $49a robust, web based, newsletter
                                    management system. manage multiple email
                                    lists. send text or html emails, even add
                                    attachments.







                                          cspassword
                                        $35an automated system for creating
                                      and maintaining apache style .htaccess
                                      files to password protect website
                                      directories. easily setup password
                                      protection for many server directories.
                                      most modern
                                      web hosting
                                      companies will have a compatible
                                      server.





cschat-r-box 

                                      freea chat-r-box is a simple web based
                                    chat script that allows you to offer your
                                    web site visitors a place to go and chat
                                    with each other. each user can select their
                                    own nickname and text color. this script is
                                    very easy to install and it is very easy to
                                    use. download it today!







                                          csincludes
                                        $30manage server side includes (ssi)
                                      from one main area. add, modify, delete
                                      and even view your ssi files from one easy
                                      to understand management screen. 





                                        cssearch pro


                                      free/$25it is an excellent search script for
                                    web sites of all sizes. we have combined all
                                    the features you loved in the freeware
                                    scripts and added many more!







                                          csfaq
                                        $35an automated system for displaying
                                      faqs (frequently asked questions) on your
                                      website. easily create/edit/delete q&a
                                      categories & questions





                                        csupload
                                      $30an automated script that allows the
                                    user to upload files to your server (any
                                    modern web hosting solution will most likely
                                    have a compatible server) and have them
                                    automatically added to an html file for
                                    viewing from a web site.
note: a free security patch is
                                    available for current users of csupload.
                                    please fill out our
                                    contact
                                    form to receive a copy.
                                  







                                          csgridview
                                        $35an automated script that allows the
                                      user to manage flat file databases with
                                      very little effort. import existing
                                      databases (tab, comma or pipe
                                      delimited).





                                        cscreate


                                      freeedit and manage web pages using your
                                    web browser! cruise your server directories
                                    and select files you want to edit. it also
                                    allows you to create new files on the
                                    fly.







                                          csdownload
                                        $35manage file downloads using custom
                                      forms. build your own download 'mailto'
                                      forms without having to learn perl. manage
                                      all your file download forms from one
                                      location.





                                        csrandomtext $20a content management system for
                                    displaying text/html in random order, in
                                    true order, or refreshed every 'n' days.
                                    joke of the day, recipes, daily scriptures,
                                    etc.



refund policy: please
                              take time and evaluate the scripts using our
                              demos. before you buy the script, read the
                              'requirements' written in each script listing.
                              refunds will not be given for reasons surrounding
                              the users lack of knowledge of the scripts
                              functionality, restrictions, or restrictions. if
                              you have a question, ask before making your
                              purchase. since the source code is shipped with
                              each script, all sales are final.














home |
              legal stuff |
              recommend us |
              
                contact us copyright ï¿½ 
               www.cgiscript.net, llc. -
              medidal corporation






