

















home - james river cellars winery


















































































 






















 












james river cellars



home
about

our story
our team


wine

our wines
wine club
gift certificates


visit
events

calendar
weddings
private events
tickets & gift cards


calendar
contact

contact us
faqs


 










proudly serving richmond since 2001. 
							visit our winery for a refreshing change from the ordinary. 
							
plan your visit 
							 


100% virginia wines 
							our variety of white, red, dry, and sweet, allows every palate to find something enjoyable! 
							
discover our wines 
							 


we like to party!  
							make memories with us here at james river cellars. 
							
plan your next event 
							 














welcome to james river cellars winery
a blend of urban convenience and quaint rural appeal, james river cellars is a perfect location to stop by and enjoy a picnic on our beautifully landscaped patio or capture the view from our terrace. conveniently accessible to major highways, it is the perfect stop on your way to or from the city. enjoy an experience that is a refreshing change from the ordinary. 
visit us









pioneers of virginia wine
we are a bit spicy here at jrc. it’s in our dna. while on the hunt for the perfect virginia gewürztraminer (gewürz means spicy), ray lazarchic decided that it may be easier to just make his own! he planted the vineyard on 20 acres of his farm in montpelier, virginia. the winery first opened to the public in 2001 and is now owned and operated by ray's daughter, mitzi, and her husband, james. learn more about how gewürztraminer has become our most acclaimed and well-known wines despite us being one of the only virginia wineries to plant this storied varietal.
our story
















our events
we host fun-filled activities throughout the year! kick off the weekend with a live band at our "fridays at the pavilion" concert series. explore various food and wine pairings. check our calendar for yoga classes and creating your own fairy garden or making a chunky blanket. we invite you to take part in all our family and pet-friendly offerings!
view calendar of events










tasting room



                        monday-thursday
12 pm - 6 pm 


                        friday-saturday
11 am - 7 pm 


                        sunday 
11 am - 6 pm 

the tasting room at james river cellars is open 7 days a week!
join us for a casual wine flight or guided tasting and relax for an afternoon on our expansive patios and covered pavilion.








guided wine tastings
enjoy a guided tasting of eight curated wines by our tasting room team. tastings are offered at the bar on a first come first serve basis. if you have a large group, call or email us in advance to make sure we can accommodate you! fee: $16 and includes a souvenir wine glass.



wine tasting flights
flights are available daily. you can choose from our themed-flights or create your own from our wine list. flights are self-guided tastings that you take to your table. fee: $16 for a flight of four wines. wine glasses are sold separately.






















 



 









 



 









 



 





 









james river cellars winery
11008 washington hwy
							glen allen, va 23059
804-550-7516





search
search for:search button
newsletter
sign up here



						copyright © 2025 james river cellars - website by consociate media













 
















































