


foxglove tonic - digital digitalis for heart-pumping web design














































 


large 
              websites...

lemoncholys.com
                i redesiged multi-media artist kecia deveney's website, though 
                she now focuses on other media outlets. the base artwork, which 
                i tweaked a bit, was generated by an art template designer. i 
                also wrote/edited a lot of textual content.
 
                floatingglassballs.com
                band website for the floating glass balls, from cannon beach, 
                or, launched january 1st of '06. the members have changed over 
                the years, with spud, joel, and bill forming a portland-based 
                band, the columbians (hear them the 1st saturday of every month 
                in the edgefield wine bar).
joycemaynard.com
                as joyce maynard's webmistress from june, '98 to september, '09, 
                i generated dozens of pages for her website.
revwriter.com
                i developed and managed the revwriter website from 2002-2008. 
                the only thing left now is the logo i designed.

josephdobrian.com


a website for another talented writer, iowa-based joseph dobrian. 
                we launched a complete redesign in february of 2010. with more 
                books published, he has moved to a more local designer.
bondstreetblues.com
                the bond street blues band site is now defunct, though the band 
                lives on, performing roughly once a year. all members are busy 
                with other projects, together and separately.
upperleftedge.com
                the new version of the upper left edge is not as homemade-looking 
                as it originally was when liz lynch and i started it in '96-'97. 
                editor billy hults achieved the speed of light in 2009, with uncle 
                mike burgess following in 2010. they are very much missed. watt 
                childress, the new owner of jupiter's books, has taken over the 
                paper and the website.

heather 
                christie band 
                - (click for webshots.)
disbanded, 
                though heather still performs. look for her in "one 
                night in frogtown" productions, as well as on the recording 
                which accompanies the book, written by emmy-winning author/composer 
                philip pelletier.



  

these 
              are smaller, 1- to 2-page websites...

tolovanaartscolony.org
                michael burgess and reverend billy hult's last project, the non-profit 
                tolovana arts colony carries on, and is doing very well. they 
                provide low-cost classes and workshops on a variety of artful 
                subjects. this site was launched on january 1st, 2006, though 
                all remnants of my design are gone.
suelang.com
                a companion site to revwriter.com.



allowyourbodytoheal.com
                isa haverlan's massage therapy website, done in 2004.

 










copyright 
        2005-20 - foxglovetonic 
        - myrna uhlig   




