





maxforceracing









 follow max force racing on facebook and twitter!



pictures 
		on this site are the sole property of max force racing, tommy praytor 
		and thomas praytor. pictures may be used with the free license 
		cc-by-sa 4.0.




 


		mobile, alabama

		winner's don't use drugs!
this site powered by 
praytor properites 
		"we put the petal to the metal"







home


thomas "moose" praytor

2021 thomas recaps


click here for copy of fan guide

sponsors



thomas career stats


thomas arca stats racing reference 



tommy praytor bio
 



final destination 4

racing for 
ronald mcdonald house


sponsors

crew
showcar

media

2005 hawaiian international billfish tournament

my home is 
in alabama tour

thomas praytor 
news & photo's

2021 photo gallery

2020 photo gallery

2019 photo gallery

2018 photo gallery

2017 photo gallery

2016 photo gallery

2015 photo gallery

2014 photo gallery

2013 photo gallery
2012 photo 
gallery

2011 photo gallery

2010 photo gallery

2009 
photo gallery

2008 photo gallery

2007 photo gallery
2006 photo gallery
2005 photo gallery
2004 photo gallery
2003 photo gallery
2001& 2002 photo
2000 photo gallery
1999 photo gallery
tommy praytor photo's
2012 
photo gallery

2011 photo gallery

2009 photo gallery

2008 photo gallery

2007 photo gallery
2006 photo gallery
2005 photo gallery
2004 photo gallery
2003 photo gallery
2002 photo gallery
2001 photo gallery
2000 photo gallery
1999 photo gallery


1998 photo gallery 


cup
sponsorship  

tribute pages

jamie c. praytor

h.t. "tommy" praytor
gene tapia
links to alabama tracks

montgomery speedway

south ala speedway (opp)

mobile intl speedway

pensacola speedway
sunny 
south raceway

send mail to:tpraytor@aol.com
 









	 


	 



latest news


praytor diagnosed with rhabdomyolysis



after suffering through several days of flu like 
	symptoms, thomas praytor loss the use of his left arm and left leg on lap 5 
	of the general tire 200 at talladega super speedway. driving with his right 
	hand only praytor continued to compete until a red flag allowed for a driver 
	change with sean corr with 10 laps to go.

 

the medical team at talladega superspeedway 
	removed the ailing praytor from his aidb chevy and began treatment in the 
	infield care center. a heavy dose of iv fluids and oxygen patched up the 
	moose enough to send him back home. 

 

back in mobile the doctors began a regimen of 
	testing producing a diagnosis of rare rhabdomyolysis or commonly called 
	“rhabdo” (less than 26,000 cases in us). rhabdo occurs when damaged muscle 
	tissue releases its proteins and electrolytes into the blood. these 
	substances then damage the heart and kidneys reeking havoc with the body’s 
	ability to use it’s muscles and kidneys.

 

rhabdo normally happens during extreme exertion 
	with, endurance runners, firefighters working in hot environments and 
	members of the military involved in heavy duty exercises in a hot 
	environment. 

 

in mid-april cnn anchor john berman awoke a day 
	after the boston marathon in the hospital. the last thing he remembered he 
	was on mile 24 of the race. after a rhabdo diagnosis and three days of ivs 
	and hospital care he was released. in february, seal team trainee kyle 
	mullen was diagnosed, post mortem, with rhabdo as a cause of his early 
	demise. if not caught in time rhabdo can be real trouble. 

 

“i really appreciate my doctors in talladega and 
	mobile working hard on getting this deal figured out. i’ve raced with 
	concussions, broken bones, flu, kidney stones, you name it but nothing like 
	this. i’m glad we know what it is and what we have to do to get me back 
	100%,” said praytor. “since i stopped competing full time and i’m not the 
	ironman of the series anymore, my dad and i have had a lot of conversations 
	about some things i maybe shouldn’t have done to stay in the race car. i 
	think dale (earnhardt) jr talking about his issues with concussions and 
	other stuff have made that conversation possible. in hind sight i pushed it 
	too far at talladega but at the end of the day was able to get out of the 
	car knowing i had made the right decision.”

 

while rare, rhabdo is treatable and can be kept in 
	check which will allow praytor to completely recover and compete again.
	

 
praytor-corr combine 
	for wild top 20
 
thomas “moose 
	praytor returned to arca action at talladega superspeedway for the general 
	tire 200 and ended up needing a little help from his friends. praytor went 
	into the weekend suffering with flu type symptoms, fever, shakes and body 
	pain. the moose didn’t become the ironman of the series without playing 
	through pain and he pressed forward even after losing feeling in the left 
	side of the body forcing him to steer with his right hand only. a red flag 
	gave the team an opportunity to replace praytor and the medical staff pulled 
	the ailing driver out of the car taking him to the infield care center. sean 
	corr stepped in soldiering home the aidb chevy to a 19th place finish. read 
	for complete recap.
 
our max force racing 
	team spent the last year doing a complete makeover of our superspeedway car 
	including a visit with thomas’s brother-in-law, mike abram and the gang at 
	venturini motorsports. “mike and the guys did a great job on fixing some of 
	the issues that have plagued us the last couple of races,” said praytor. 
	“our guys got it back to mobile and had a month to work on it and we felt 
	like we were taking our best piece to talladega.”
 
the schedule for the 
	weekend allowed for 5 laps of practice, no qualifying, lining up the cars by 
	owner’s points (which the team had none) starting the aidb chevy deep in the 
	field in the 30th position. practice went to plan but still left our team 
	with a lot of unanswered questions without having experienced drafting in a 
	large. having one of the most experienced arca drafters as the driver was a 
	big plus.
 
on the way to 
	talladega praytor starting feeling bad, bad moved to really bad and 
	shivering under stacks of blankets, a flu bug had gotten a hold of the 
	mobile, alabama driver and it was ugly. the former series ironman, praytor 
	had competed under adversity before, feeling like crap at the race track is 
	nothing new, he soldiered through inspection and practice.
 
on race day the 
	symptoms had not subsided and in some ways were worse than the day before 
	but when you only race a time or two a year you keep digging. with the drop 
	of the green flag the moose used his years of experience and quickly marched 
	his aidb chevy to the front of the field. long time spotter tab boyd was 
	calling the shots in the first 10 laps the moose had turned the fastest lap 
	of the race. 
 
even a fast race car 
	couldn’t hold off the sickness and praytor reported he was losing feeling 
	and strength in his left arm and leg. if you’ve never driven a race car at 
	180mph your left arm is important to turn the steering wheel to make left 
	turns. after a couple of cautions the moose set a faster lap of the race and 
	was rumbling to the front. under caution praytor reported he had lost all 
	use of his left arm completely and asked spotter tab boyd to put him in the 
	high lane only because he could no longer hold the car on the bottom. 

 
back under green 
	praytor was now driving with one hand. the moose proceeded to put the aidb 
	chevy in the top 10 turning a lap over 183 miles per hour setting a new 
	fastest time of the race for the third time and was half a second faster 
	than the leaders drafting his way to the front, right handed. 
 
“thomas was having a 
	great day and i’m use to him driving with all sorts of problems, kidney 
	stones, viruses, concussion, broken body parts, he just has no quit in him. 
	i was getting worried about losing the use of his left hand and if he was 
	admitting to that he was probably a whole lot worse,” said dad, tommy 
	praytor. “i felt like he would only get out of the car is if we had a 
	replacement he would be happy with. i thought about our friends in the 
	xfinity garage that would come down and started looking down the list of 
	arca drivers who were already out of the race, sean corr. thomas and sean 
	have drafted together for years and he is one of the only people who has as 
	much experience as thomas on restrictor plate tracks. i texted grumpy 
	(corr’s crew chief) and arca telling them i needed sean as a standby,” corr 
	quickly made his way to the pit box.
 
while the 
	replacement hunt was going on, praytor was still in the hunt working in and 
	out of the top 10. the race got to the halfway point and a controlled 
	caution allowed the team to get moose fluids and a little rest. from the 
	grandstands it looked the moose was having a great day wheeling the aidb 
	chevy to the front and turning fast times. inside the car was a different 
	story, down to one arm it was all praytor could do to keep his chevy pointed 
	in the right direction not to mention the ac hose that was providing a 
	little relief came loose and the effects of the flu was wreaking havoc with 
	the rest of his body in the 140 degree cockpit. 
 
a red flag for a big 
	wreck on the front stretch gave the team the perfect opportunity to swap 
	drivers and praytor was called to the garage for the swap. the medical staff 
	pulled thomas out of the car taking him to the infield care center while 
	corr strapped in.
 
corr was handicapped 
	by having to take up the tail of the longest line for pitting during the red 
	flag and it didn’t take him long to get up to speed and he was picking up 
	spots on the track. corr quickly made his way to the lead draft until a cut 
	right front tire sent him hurtling to the wall. “i felt it shutter just a 
	little bit and it gave me a chance to check up and save the car before it 
	hit the wall,” said corr. the aidb chevy came back to pit road and the team 
	changed the tire but the blown tire took out the fender and part of the 
	nose. 
 
corr went back on 
	track and with a non-drafting car picked off a couple of spots and rolled 
	the aidb chevy to the back of the hauler in the 19th position. while corr 
	finished the race praytor spent the afternoon in the infield care center 
	getting an iv and oxygen for elevated carbon monoxide levels.
 
“we are grateful for 
	all the work mike and the guys at venturini put in on our car. can’t thank 
	sean corr enough for filling in, not too many other people thomas would have 
	given his car too. really appreciate the doctors and nurses in infield care 
	taking care of thomas. he is on the mend but is still stiff, sore and sick 
	but he’ll get better. we had a good effort this weekend and overcame a lot 
	of adversity, we’ll get our driver healed up and get ready to go again,” 
	offered tommy praytor.
 
picture: the moose 
	and his expanding herd, beau’s first trip to talladega superspeedway.
 
alabama’s praytor back 
	in the saddle 
 
general 
	tire 200 at talladega speedway: mobile, alabama’s thomas “moose” praytor 
	will be back in the saddle this weekend at talladega superspeedway. “a lot 
	of energy has gone into our car heading for talladega, fresh ilmore motor 
	and mike (abram) and the guys at venturini have really worked hard to give 
	us our best car for dega,” said praytor. the “moose” is continuing his long 
	standing relationship with the alabama institute of deaf and blind (aidb) 
	this weekend at talladega. “we are proud of our partnership with one of 
	alabama’s great institutions, alabama institute of deaf and blind. the work 
	they do is changing lives and we are happy to help them get their message 
	out.”
new 
	addition to the herd: this weekend will be the first track visit for the 
	newest member of the moose’s herd, beau praytor. beau made last year’s race, 
	kinda, in his mom’s tummy. this year beau beau (not a typo) will be in full 
	attendance.
brother in 
	law love: in the off season, the moose’s superspeedway car was delivered to 
	his brother in law mike abram and the gang at venturini motorsports for a 
	facelift and makeover. mike, shannon (rursch) and kevin (reid) have made a 
	lot of changes to what was already a pretty good car, raising the 
	expectation levels even further for talladega. 
spotter: 
	since 2014 praytor has used pensacola native tab boyd. when he is not 
	moonlighting for praytor, boyd is ricky stenhouse jr’s spotter in the nascar 
	cup series.
the general 
	tire 200 is a 2-day event starting with technical inspection and practice 
	friday. the green flag will fly at noon cst on saturday.  live timing and 
	scoring for practice, qualifying and the race will be on arcaracing.com. the 
	race will be broadcast live on fox sports 1. you can follow the team on 
	twitter (@dklokracing), and facebook (max force racing) for live trackside 
	updates. 
primary 
	sponsor: alabama institute for deaf and blind (aidb) aidb.org.
associate 
	sponsors: golden flake, the official chip of talladega supespeedway, wade 
	distributors, aps-automotive painters supply, dueitt’s battery supply, 
	airgas, judy’s place, ainsworth racing (in memory of our friend randy 
	ainsworth), greer’s food market, rapid repair, haul it off and american 
	legion post 88.
car: mf002 
	the team has been working on this chassis for the last 10 seasons for 
	exclusive use at daytona and talladega. it’s paid off with the car and 
	praytor drafting to their way into the top 10 in the last 6 plate races with 
	a disappointing 17th place finish at talladega last year after a late race 
	incident.
what to 
	look for this weekend: the moose!!! 
talladega 
	speedway: 2.66 miles  
alabama 
	institute for deaf and blind: the alabama institute for deaf and blind (aidb) 
	is the world’s most comprehensive education, rehabilitation and service 
	program serving individuals of all ages who are deaf, blind, deaf-blind and 
	multidisabled. founded in 1858 by a young medical doctor who wanted to 
	educate his deaf brother, aidb now serves more than 22,500 infants, 
	toddlers, children, adults and seniors with hearing and vision loss 
	throughout alabama each year. www.aidb.org
max force 
	racing: max force racing is based out of mobile, alabama and is fielding 
	cars in its 24th season of competition.

	 


moose expands 
	praytor herd



the moose, thomas praytor 
	added to his expanding herd on wednesday, may 19th, 2021
	 at 12:09 pm when william beauregard (beau) praytor was born at 
	7 pounds 14 ounces. baby and mom are resting well while dad is out looking 
	for sponsorships. 

	praytor rumbles, wrecks and rallies at talladega


after a 
	year off thomas “moose” praytor was itching to get back behind the wheel of 
	his alabama institute of deaf and blind (aidb) chevy at talladega 
	superspeedway and with the drop of the green flag the moose was putting on a 
	show in the general tire 200.
with 
	tab boyd calling the shots from the roof, the moose quickly moved from 20th 
	to 13th before the first competition caution at lap 10. 
“with 
	no practice we really had a lot of unanswered questions about what our car 
	was going to be like, not to mention it had been a year since i was in race 
	car. all the work we’d done to the car really paid off and with tab’s help 
	it didn’t take long for me to be comfortable in the draft making moves,” 
	said praytor.
back 
	under green the moose rumbled his way in to the top 10. “most of the time 
	the race settles down after the first 20 laps but that didn’t happen at 
	talladega. the racing was 2 wide, 3 wide and i loved every minute of it. i 
	tried a lot of moves, some worked some didn’t and i was reminded why i 
	needed to listen to tab a couple of times.”
while 
	racing hard in the draft praytor was knocked out of the draft and settled 
	back to 15th until getting to the halfway break. at the break the team 
	filled up the aidb chevy with sunoco fuel and an adjustment to help free up 
	his aidb chevy.
from 
	the beginning of the second half of the race business was picking up on the 
	track with everyone now racing to the finish. the moose quickly inserted 
	himself back in the top 10 and was slicing and dicing, angling for a big 
	finish. with all the hard racing a wreck was inevitable and when it finally 
	happened praytor was ready. “i missed the wreck and the second wreck then i 
	got hammered from behind.”
the 
	moose was turned head first towards the wall, some quick driving kept him 
	out of the wall but spinning to the infield.
“i got 
	it gathered up and was able to keep from hitting anything or anybody hitting 
	me. i knew i had some flat tires so i had to take it easy getting back to 
	the pits so the tires coming apart didn’t tear the car apart.”
taking 
	it slow to the pits paid off on keeping the car together but would cost 
	praytor a lap. the crew gave him some fresh general tire rubber and sent him 
	back out.
being a 
	lap down the moose needed a caution to get back to the lead pack. back under 
	green he bided his time and was making sure his chevy would be good to go if 
	given the opportunity. a fiery wreck with 10 to go would get praytor his lap 
	back but there would only be a single lap under green to the finish.
“tab 
	and i worked on timing so we could hit the start finish line wide open. we 
	hit it perfect and picked off 4 cars finishing 17th.”
“all in 
	all it was a solid weekend on the track for our first time back in over a 
	year. it was a great weekend for our race team and family. the support we’ve 
	received from everyone in mobile, the local businesses and people that 
	support our race team is incredible. wish we were lining up and racing again 
	this weekend.”


the 
	moose returns to talladega


general 
	tire 200 at talladega speedway: thomas “moose” praytor returns to racing on 
	saturday after a year long break because of the covid virus. the “moose” and 
	his mobile, alabama crew are continuing their long standing relationship 
	with the alabama institute of deaf and blind (aidb) this weekend at 
	talladega. “really pumped up about this weekend, we’ve been working on this 
	car for a couple of months in the shop. brad (wallace), craig (pickering) 
	dink (stevens) have been in the shop since february. the last week we’ve had 
	our old late model guys and local racers in the shop helping us finish up, 
	we’ve had a lot of fun. all of which we hope will turn in to having fun on 
	track at talladega.

	talladega will be the second talladega visit for praytor’s newest family 
	member, hugh thomas praytor v, (five) and the first visit for praytor’s next 
	son due in the summer (still waiting on name) and for their older sister 
	elizabeth, she’s been so many times she’s part of the regular team. 


	spotter: since 2014 praytor has used pensacola native tab boyd. when he is 
	not moonlighting for praytor, boyd is william byron’s spotter in the nascar 
	cup series.
the 
	general tire 200 is a 2-day event starting with technical inspection friday. 
	saturday begins with an early practice, and the green flag flying at noon 
	cst.  live timing and scoring for practice, qualifying and the race will be 
	on arcaracing.com. the race will be broadcast live on fox sports 1. you can 
	follow the team on twitter (@dklokracing), and facebook (max force racing) 
	for live trackside updates. 
primary 
	sponsor: alabama institute for deaf and blind (aidb) aidb.org.

	associate sponsors: golden flake, the official chip of talladega 
	supespeedway, wade distributors, aps-automotive painters supply, dueitt’s 
	battery supply, airgas, judy’s place, ainsworth racing, greer’s food market, 
	and american legion post 88.
car: 
	mf002 the team has been working on this chassis for the last 9 seasons for 
	exclusive use at daytona and talladega. it’s paid off with the car and 
	praytor drafting to their way into the top 5 in the last 5 plate races with 
	an 11th place finish in it’s last outing daytona. expect more bold moves at 
	talladega.
what to 
	look for this weekend: the moose!!! 

	talladega speedway: 2.66 miles  
alabama 
	institute for deaf and blind: the alabama institute for deaf and blind (aidb) 
	is the world’s most comprehensive education, rehabilitation and service 
	program serving individuals of all ages who are deaf, blind, deaf-blind and 
	multidisabled. founded in 1858 by a young medical doctor who wanted to 
	educate his deaf brother, aidb now serves more than 22,500 infants, 
	toddlers, children, adults and seniors with hearing and vision loss 
	throughout alabama each year. www.aidb.org
max 
	force racing: max force racing is based out of mobile, alabama and is 
	fielding cars in its 23rd season of competition.
 

	praytor renews support of aidb at talladega


in what has 
	become an alabama tradition, thomas “moose” praytor is teaming up with the 
	alabama institute of deaf and blind (aidb) for the general tire 200 at 
	talladega superspeedway. praytor’s support of aidb dates back to 2013 when 
	he and former teammate aj mccarron created special race used helmets for 
	aidb’s charity auction race fever. (praytor/mccarron 2014 picture above)
“we 
	consider moose and his family part of the aidb family,” said dr. john mascia, 
	president, aidb. “for many years moose has visited with our kids and 
	supported aidb. while he is an awesome driver, his caring heart is what 
	makes him a remarkable man and our champion. we are grateful for all he does 
	for our children who are deaf and blind.”
with the 
	main campus located in talladega, alabama, the alabama institute for deaf 
	and blind (aidb) is the nation’s most comprehensive education, 
	rehabilitation and employment system serving children and adults who are 
	deaf, blind and multidisabled with a myriad of programs designed just for 
	them.
“being from 
	alabama we take a lot of pride in our home state success stories and there 
	isn’t a bigger success story than aidb,” said praytor. “we say we support 
	them but the reality is the teachers and students have made talladega a 
	special event for us for years.”
arca’s 
	general tire 200 race at talladega is part of a triple header weekend with 
	the arca and xfinity race on saturday and the cup geico 500 on sunday. the 
	general tire 200 will be broadcast live on fs1 at noon cst on saturday, 
	april 24th.
“the best 
	part of racing with aidb is the kids. covid has changed everything in having 
	kids at the track but we are hoping with changes made in alabama between now 
	and race time we can make that happen again.”
hang on, 
	it’s time to turn the moose loose!
 

	praytor returning to action at talladega


mobile, 
	alabama’s thomas “moose” praytor will return to arca competition in the 
	general tire 200 at talladega superspeedway. after missing the 2020 
	talladega race because of the corona virus, pappa moose and his expanding 
	heard are ready to go back racing in alabama!
“it was 
	really tough last year to not race at talladega, with everything that was 
	going on we felt like as a family it was better to miss the race than it was 
	to try and force it,” offered praytor. “everybody knows how much i enjoy 
	racing at talladega!”
praytor is 
	the former arca series ironman and is also one of the series most prolific 
	restrictor plate racers. the moose has competed in 15 restrictor plate races 
	logging over 3,000 miles in plate competition. only two active drivers have 
	more restrictor miles than the moose.
talladega 
	will be praytor’s 112th arca series start ranking him second in career 
	starts amongst drivers and his 9th at talladega superspeedway.
the general 
	tire 200 will take the green flag at noon cst on april 24th from talladega 
	superspeedway with tv coverage on fox sports 1 (fs1).
 



	praytor wrestles aidb chevy to a disappointing 11th




thomas “moose” praytor’s return to 
	daytona was text book until something broke under the car on lap 6 of the 
	lucas oil 200 and what had been a near perfect weekend got ugly in a hurry. 
	after pitting during every caution praytor was able to hang on to an 11th 
	place lead lap finish.

having missed the lucas oil 200 at 
	daytona in 2019, to make sure he was in mobile for the birth of his son, 
	hugh thomas praytor the 5th (five), praytor was itching to get 
	back to the world center of speed for the 2020 edition.

“our guys in mobile have been working 
	on one car since october, we felt like we were taking the best car we’ve 
	ever taken to the race track,” said praytor.

the team eased through technical 
	inspection with no major issues on thursday and prepped for practice on 
	friday. the first practice went as planned with the moose posting a16th 
	place time in the first session.

“car was really good in practice we 
	tried a couple of different setup changes and our aidb chevy really 
	responded well. we broke a shifter at the end of the first practice, parked 
	it for the day and started getting ready for qualifying.”

the parts of the weekend the team had 
	control over went well, the things they didn’t, not so much. another 
	competitors tear off blew on to the nose of praytor’s chevy and ended up 
	with a disappointing qualifying effort, 23rd.

“we didn’t get to start where we 
	wanted to, but we knew we had a fast car and some fast friends close by and 
	we were ready to race.”

with the drop of the green flag 
	praytor hooked up with sean corr and in the first half of the first lap the 
	duo drafted from 23rd to 16th. 

“the car we started the race with was 
	incredible, i just knew we were going to have a good day.”

back under green praytor was able to 
	hold the draft but the car started to “tighten” up, by lap 10 it just simply 
	didn’t want to turn at all and the moose started to lose the lead draft.
	

“so frustrating, we were awesome and 
	within 10 laps we were junk.”

with every caution praytor brought his 
	aidb chevy to pit road for service. the team changed tires, rounds in rounds 
	out, you name it they tried it but to no avail.

“the car just kept getting tighter and 
	by lap 20 i was having to let off the gas to make it turn. the guys kept 
	working under caution but nothing helped it. most likely a piece of the 
	suspension is broken or bent not allowing it to travel and let the car 
	turn.”

200 miles later praytor wrestled home 
	his aidb chevy to an 11th place finish.

“it was a good finish but not how we 
	would have liked to gotten there. the guys really worked their butts off on 
	pit road but it just wasn’t meant to be today. great to be back at the 
	track, we’ll get her fixed for talladega”.

picture: praytor coming off pit road 
	during lucas oil 200 driven by general tire at daytona international 
	speedway.

	 
 


praytor(s) ready for daytona


just a year ago, the collective 
	praytor clan was waiting on the arrival of hugh thomas praytor the fifth 
	(five) and opted to miss the daytona race in 2019. no waiting around in 
	2020, five is here and ready to race in 2020! 

thomas “moose” praytor (papa moose) 
	has become one of the arca menards series most prolific restrictor plate 
	racers. over the last decade, praytor has logged over a 1,000 laps and 2,700 
	miles, more than any other active arca driver during the same period. 


“it hurt just a little not to be in 
	daytona last year but i wasn’t going to miss hugh being born for anything. 
	hugh got here in time for us to go to talladega and he made his first race 
	at talladega, i’m looking forward to him making his first trip to daytona 
	this year.”

praytor’s mobile, alabama based team 
	has been preparing his favorite super speedway chassis for the 2020 edition 
	of the lucas oil 200 driven by general tire. 

“the guys have been working hard on 
	getting us ready to go. we got sidetracked in december with my sister, 
	hayley, getting married and of course christmas was big with the kids but 
	i’m really happy with the car we’re bringing to daytona.”

the green flag for the lucas oil 200 
	driven by general tire is slated for february 8th at 3:45 cst 
	with live tv coverage on fs1. 

	 

lets talk racing!
 


















2020 is our 22nd year! listen to inside alabama racing live at 6:00 pm cst on wednesday
	 on
  wnsp 105.5
  or click below to listen on your computer-

wnsp
  105.5
this site and our team are
  dedicated to winning and having fun.  each week during the season we will update this
  site with a report of racing action from the previous week.  we will also be posting
  pictures of the team and scenes from the track.  originally this site was designed
  for tommy praytor and his fat boy racing team.  over the last few years tommy's son
  thomas has been making a mark on the racing scene and  thomas's or thomoose's  
  racing has been added to our site.  on june 4th, 2001 the praytor family lost their
  third child, max.  in 2002 we changed the name of our combined racing efforts to max
  force racing in his memory.  
this page was last
  updated on 05/09/22.
  








