


behavior genetics association - behavior genetics association




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenumeetings current meeting future meetings past meetingsmembership directory (members only) forums (members only) awards membership information new member signupcareers & education job listings workshops & seminars graduate programs resourcesdiversity & inclusion principles idea committee code of conduct conduct claims action planpublic science public science committeejournal access (members only)about by-laws executive committee awards donate faq contact us donate






55th annual bga meeting in atlanta, georgiathank you for a terrific 54th annual meeting of the behavior genetics association in london! please join us for the 55th annual meeting in atlanta, georgia in june 2025learn morestudent travel fund
bga student travel awards help offset the cost for predoctoral trainees to attend our annual meeting.donate nowresources
find books recently published by members, educational materials, and links to societies with similar focus.
view resourcesbehavior geneticsan international journal devoted to research in the inheritance of behavior

submit your best work to the society's journal.
visit journal websiteideainclusion, diversity, equity, and accessibility in behavior genetics and genomics research are scientific and community imperatives. learn morekeyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right••••••founded in 1970, the behavior genetics association (bga) is an international society. behavior genetics has a strong tradition in twin and family study designs, and more recently gene-finding studies.the purpose of the bga is to promote the scientific study of the interrelationship of genetic mechanisms and behavior, both human and animal; to encourage and aid the education and training of research workers in the field of behavior genetics; and to aid in the dissemination and interpretation to the general public of knowledge concerning the interrelationship of genetics and behavior, and its implications for health and human development and education.we welcome scientists who share our interest in the interrelationships between genes and traits/behavior, both in humans and non-human animals.bga banquet, london, england, 29 june 2024 recent articlesannouncements** in memoriam of professor peter mcguffin cbe fmedsci **


dear bga colleagues,

it is with a heavy heart that we share news of the passing of professor peter mcguffin (1949-2024). peter was a world-renowned scientist and scholar whose work had a profound impact on the field of psychiatric genetics. as many of you may know, peter was awarded the bga dobzhansky award for lifetime achievement at last summer’s meeting in murcia, spain. this award will be posthumously bestowed later this year at the annual behavior genetics association conference in london.

alongside this award, there will be a special tribute to peter at our upcoming annual meeting. unbeknownst to many, in addition to his scholarly work, peter was an accomplished musician. this tribute will include the world premiere of a string quartet composition which he wrote last year, featuring the renowned heath quartet. this will be followed by a eulogy by one of peter's phd students, professor anita thapar.

we share here the kings college announcement about professor mcguffin's death as well as this 5-minute tribute to peter from his retirement event in 2013.

with best wishes,

valerie knopik, president
chandra reynolds, president-elect
lisabeth dilalla, past president









home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









