



bcp home page





























  helping cocker spaniels find 
			forever homes











want to help a cocker in need? 100% of your donations 
			go directly to the care of cockers in need. we are an irs 501(c)3 
			corporation, and your donations are totally tax deductible.
			 



























to make a 
donation in  memory of one of our departed beloveds now romping at the bridge, 
be they fur or skin, we suggest you make your donations through the "network for 
good" button below.  through the network for good donation program, you can send 
an e-card of sympathy and advise those grieving of your donation  to our charity 
in memory of their dearly departed loved one.




view our
		

		guide star report.
federal tax i.d. no. 
		30-0258310
 






a message from jane and betsy to all.
thank you for all of your support of our 
			organization over the years.  due to personal issues and 
			obligations, we are temporarily closing and not taking in any 
			more dogs.
any and all donations received will go to support 
			our dogs in foster care, and our elderly "permanent fosters."
we are  temporarily closing betsy's store 
			also.  so, for all of your
			belly band 
			and panties/britches needs, please go to
			designer doggie where 
			laura morrisey  will prepare your belly bands and bitches 
			britches.  her work is beautiful, and she has been helping us 
			with our orders for years when we have been too busy with the rescue 
			dogs.  
if you have ordered bitches britches through bcp 
			before, let laura know the bcp size you had ordered.  laura has 
			all of the patterns and sizes for the cockers and larger dogs and we 
			call them the "bcp" sizes.  
we are happy to announce that we now have laura on 
			board making 
			snoods--be sure to order your
			snoods from 
			laura!   same sizing and quality as we have been making at 
			bcp for years.
please continue your support of cocker rescue 
			through the other wonderful cocker rescue groups in your local 
			areas.
jane and betsy

please visit 
			our petfinder's page 





we are proud to be members of the
nycacc new hope program as well 
as the
			
			mayor's alliance for new york city animals.

			copyright 2011 betsy's cocker place, inc. 
			we are an irs 501(c)3 public charity


			betsy's cocker place, inc. 
			24 east avenue 
			new canaan, ct 06840 
			



			info@betsyscockerplace.com 





			 










how you can help 
			us and our cocker spaniels at no cost to you
do you search on-line? 
			every time you search the web through
			goodsearch.com, our rescue 
			group receives a donation.  please type in "cocker" in the "i'm 
			supporting" box, choose betsy's cocker place in the 
			drop down list as your charity, and search often!  you can also 
			download their 
toolbar to 
			make searching through them even easier.





do you shop on-line?  we
are an  i-give charity--please sign up through the "i-give.com"
link below--up
to 26% of the proceeds from your shopping at places like e-bay, barnes &
noble, land's
end, dell computer, 1-800-flowers, best buy, shutterfly, and many others,
will be donated to
betsy's cocker place as your chosen charity.   click
			
here for a list of all
participating merchants and the percentage they will donate to us if you
become
a free member and shop on our behalf.  we did not believe it either,
but its
true--please help us  help the dogs!



shop amazon.com through our link below and up to 10% of the 
proceeds will be donated to betsy's cocker place, inc.



 







copyright © 2009  | 
contact us






