






st. cloud state university















weather alert

due to hazardous weather on monday, february 17, all classes will be delivered remotely. offices will be closed for the presidents' day holiday.
more information















bold journeys start here.explore our programsundergraduate programs  graduate programs




your community is calling15% housing rate reduction for 2023-2024learn more and sign up today >


cheer on the huskieshuskies headquarters:saturday, march 25, 2:30pmbulldog tap4265 45th street south, unit 165, fargo, mnjoin us in fargo >


it's timeredefining st. cloud state university.learn more >










vibrant campus life

apply now
request information
academic programs
campus experience

vibrant campus life












95%

huskies employed in their fields within one year of graduation.






in-demand programs to launch your career.



2k+

internship opportunities nationwide.



131k

alumni here and around the world to build your network. 


find out more



focused on your future
at st. cloud state university, we are a community of bold thinkers, learning together at our campus locations in st. cloud, plymouth, alnwick castle, and in the online environment. huskies innovate alongside expert faculty, in professional settings, or in the service of others.
we are a welcoming community who values the differences all of us bring to our learning experiences and our husky life. whether an undergraduate, transfer, or graduate student, a returning adult learner, from the region or around the globe, our husky experience builds toward your future.
find out more
university awards and highlights





carnegiefoundation





carnegiefoundation





college of disctinction2021-2022





carnegiefoundation





be bold. be you. be a husky.
huskies take bold steps to explore novel ideas, discover the unknown, and invent the unexpected.




our husky compact
our mutual commitment to your educational and personal growth that prepares every student for life, work and citizenship in the 21st century.
learn about our husky compact >





student success advisors
with your first steps on campus through graduation, your individual student success advisors will help you navigate any challenges you may face as a husky.
learn about our student success advisors >





huskies advance
get paired with a mentor to design a personalized plan that connects your academic major with your passions through curricular, co-curricular, and real-world experiences.
learn about huskies advance >









meet our faculty
st. cloud state university faculty are top-notch educators and renowned researchers in their fields. they invite students into the research process to create new knowledge, make discoveries, and solve problems.
learn about our faculty >









our husky experience offers a quality education with a portfolio of programs in high-demand careers. graduating huskies are competitive in the job market through a variety of experiences in field research, clinical or internship placements, and the support of a network of industry experts and alumni.


what kind of husky will you be?




admissions
what kind of husky will you be?

first-year
transfer
graduate
international
military/veteran
online/distance
returning






apply now!









business
creative and performing arts
education
engineering and applied science
health and wellness
public service
science and mathematics
social sciences and humanities



build toward your future.
now is your time to explore new interests, pursue your dreams, and advance your career. take the next bold step and learn more about our programs. meet our world-class faculty — the game changers that will help you develop the knowledge, skills, and networks you need to make your next move.




view our programs


view our programs








featured news




scsu professor uses comics to help youth see themselves as assets to the community

mike dando, associate professor of english, is mastering the trifecta of pop culture, civic engagement and literacy development in his community-based research.
he is using comics and pop culture to connect with you and help them see themselves as assets to their community.







recent scsu graduate nominated for prestigious pushcart prize





st. cloud state history professor publishes first book





scsu engineering management programs earn top honor at international conference





scsu is one of nation’s top destinations for international students





scsu student discovers career passion by working for public safety




view all news >


featured events

02/20mba information sessions02/27spring break national parks road trip - viva las vegas!04/08one-day trip to washington, dc (ushmm)

view all events >















daily campus visits
featured visits
virtual tour




















