



home































office 972.484.5225      fax 972.484.6960      email dale@libertyexchange.com



contact us





toggle navigation













homeselling a businessbusinesses for salefeatured businessautomotivedistributionrestaurant-barse-commercemanufacturingtechnologypublishingconstructionluxuryretailfranchise confectionary store - extremely profitable el pasoprofessionalrelocatable businessunique establishedentertainmentmiddle markethealth carefranchiseb2bcoin laundry dry cleanercommercial real estateservice - low techfind a business brokerbusiness valuationcommercial real estatejoin our team


























selling a business?
liberty exchange with hundreds of business transactions successfully concluded
 
 
more info 















liberty exchange services













sell a business

hundreds of business transactions successfully concluded in the areas of: manufacturing, distribution, b2b, retail chains, coin laundries, medical/healthcare, software/technology, construction, hvac, b2b services, industrial, accounting, and food services to name a few.
more 













businesses for sale

manufacturing companies, distribution concerns, b2b service businesses, retail businesses and small chains, daycare centers, coin laundries, healthcare, technology and food service businesses to name a few business categories sold.
more 













find a business broker

libertyexchange.com is a membership-based marketing/advertising network of independent business brokers, and a few real estate brokers/agents. they either have years/decades of experience in the industry or in their particular field(s) of concentration. each network business broker is a principal and/or agent for their own independent business brokerage firm.
more 













business valuations

if you need to know the value of a business, you can depend on the professionals at liberty business evaluation group. for over 30 years the professionals at liberty business evaluation group have been assisting sba lenders, lending institutions and business owners with business evaluation reports.   
more 













commercial real estate

if you cannot find the right opportunity and want to find an upscale retail space, a restaurant space, or warehouse space if you are a distribution company and want to expand not through acquisition but through internal growth, brokers below can represent you as the tenant.
more 













join our team

would you like to consider being a part of the liberty business exchange broker team?  we are always looking for passionate exceptional people to join our group and be a part of our success!
more 
















liberty exchange is a network of independent mergers & acquisitions agents & business brokers



















areas of expertise
look to the professional expertise of liberty exchange marketing/advertising network members who have extensive track records of success in confidentially selling businesses so that owners can retire in style or move on to their next venture – they have aided sellers and buyers in literally hundreds of successful business exits, purchases and closings. many of the broker members have been in the industry for decades. experience is everything when the seller and buyer desire a smooth transaction resulting in a win-win for all parties. 
• m & a transaction consulting, advisory & intermediary services
• confidential business brokerage – main street and lower middle market 
• exit strategy consulting 
• business owner representation or buyer representation 
• business valuations 
• selling commercial real estate (see commercial real estate page)
• the team’s industry expertise ranges from manufacturing, industrial concerns, wholesale distribution, b2b services, retail, franchises, b2c services – including hvac/ plumbing, coin laundries, home healthcare, medical practices, accounting practices, msoftware and security technologies, construction related, and food service businesses. these are just a few of the specific business industry categories sold.
look to the professional expertise of liberty exchange marketing/advertising network members who have extensive track records of success in confidentially selling businesses so that owners can retire in style or move on to their next venture – they have aided sellers and buyers in literally hundreds of successful business exits, purchases and closings. many of the broker members have been in the industry for decades. experience is everything when the seller and buyer desire a smooth transaction resulting in a win-win for all parties 






















"i made the decision to sell my practice but had no idea how to go about it. dale, president of liberty business exchange met with me to explain the process. i found him and his company to be extremely professional and knowledgeable. i listed my practice with liberty business exchange and within a short period of time there were several potential buyers interested in my practice. liberty business exchange found the perfect buyer for my practice and guided us through the entire process. i am so glad i used the professional services of liberty business exchange.  if you are wanting to sell your practice or business, i highly recommend dale and his company liberty business exchange."
 
dr carl naehritz dc




"i wanted to thank you again for your diligent efforts in helping us sell our business. it was a privilege to work with a professional who was so accessible and so attentive in helping us close the deal. i greatly appreciate all you have done and wish you continued success, both personally and professionally."
heather davis, elizabeth quinn enterprises




“liberty business exchange helped me to facilitate the acquisition of a publishing venue in a most expeditious and professional manner; forwarding seller information, responding quickly - even on weekends - to arrange appointments, due diligence, the offer presentation, etc. for any buyer searching for a business, i would highly recommend liberty".
ted paff, california




"this letter is a little late but gini and i were very impressed with liberty business exchange and your personal efforts to sell the outback pub in dallas. you certainly found a qualified buyer very quickly, and your tenacity in staying on top of all the problems that arose during the period after a sale agreement was signed enabled us to proceed to a successful closing. we certainly recommend you and your company to any small business owners looking to sell their business... we will keep in touch and thank you once again for the professional manner in which you handled the sale".
craig g.




dear erin -
"we are very pleased to learn that you are being recognized professionally for your many successes as a business broker; identifying qualified buyers for profitable businesses. under your direction, the speed and fluidity of the selling of our business, the tiecoon, was truly impressive.  if we ever chose to sell another business, we will certainly choose you again.  your ability to facilitate the sale of any business is an excellent example to all of us; on both sides of the transaction table.  as always, our very best regards for the holiday season and the new year". 

leon & pamela morrison




"erin bonner was the broker for the sale of my business … i’d built from scratch and operated for 29 years. i had an obligation to myself, but more importantly to my employees and my customers, to find a reputable firm that would maintain the high standards of ethics and professionalism i’d worked so hard to implement in our organization.  erin handled our transaction as if it were her own business; at no time did i ever feel like she was simply trying to close a deal.  i highly recommend erin to any individual that is thinking of selling their business. she is a most trusted, valued and professional person you need to have on your side".
christine thomason, former president of metro environmental  {a dfw hvac co.}




"i believe that a broker like erin is rare in today’s market.  most brokers just want to make a deal and get a commission. erin’s focus, from my perspective and experience, is on making the right deal.  i highly recommend erin to any individual that is even thinking of selling their business. whether an owner is ready to sell today or simply one day in the future, erin is the guide for that journey.  she can help navigate that course – ensuring guidance, education and insight along the way".
robin bohbot, former  president  of your sales leads, inc.
 




"stocker helped me understand the business selling process and knew how to effectively deal with all of the unknown moving parts that exist in that process that i had no idea existed. realized early on that doing it myself would have been extremely difficult without that guidance. highly recommend his expertise, resources and knowledge to anyone thinking about an exit strategy".  
van perry




"erin ‐ i want to thank you for everything you have done to help us close this deal i really appreciate you, your time, and your patience it means so much to me. i wish you the very best! thank you!!!!"
aubrey turnbow




"i would personally like to recommend erin bonner as a business broker. my business was a manufacturing company specializing in custom made products for businesses and major corporations. erin was most helpful in the following - excellent detailed preliminary work that went into positioning the company in the best light before going to market, including detailed help with the financials [recasting], branding… she found the perfect strategic buyer for a complex deal with lots of moving parts. this is a win/win deal – the buyer kept all the current employees and will be able to take the business to the next level of both sales and financials. she was very reliable and adhered to the strict confidentiality agreements we had in place. please use erin and all her years of experience to help with the simplest to the most complex deals".
best regards, brad lott




"the synergies between my business and the buyer’s existing business are phenomenal. the buyer will be able to take my well-established business and catapult it to the next level with additional resources at his disposal, not to mention the business acumen and personality to do so. this was extremely important to me. as most of my contractors were family members or related to family members. i wanted to make sure they would all be well taken care of well into the future under the new ownership. when the process began, i hadn’t realized how much detail and work went into the marketing and the entire sale process for the transaction broker. luckily, she had the years of experience, knowledge, and perseverance to make it happen. her consistent diligent follow up with the buyer made all the difference, as well as her coordination of all the parties involved and keeping the deal on track. for anyone who is ready to sell and exit their business, i would highly recommend the professional services of erin bonner. she not only found a buyer for my business that was more difficult to sell than the average b2b company, as it was outside the norm in terms of client base and seasonality, but erin found the absolute perfect strategic buyer".
sincerely, steve sennikoff, sr
































contact us









call: 972.484.5225
monday-friday (9am - 5pm) 







email: dale@libertyexchange.com
web: www.libertyexchange.com 







location: the madison building
15851 dallas parkway suite 600
addison, texas 75001 







 






 







privacy policy | agreement to view site

















