





norwest designs - graphic and website design development

































































affordable graphic & web design services by norwest designs 



website design, social media marketing, graphic design, branding & ebook formatting services 











 



your project is in good hands!army veteran, experienced tech company administrator, graphic design and web developer 



 



call today (425) 998-7457‬ 







benefit from partnering with an affordable & experienced team with a wide range of skills & resources. 



our focus is on creating long term support relationships that fit any budget. our hourly rates range from $45hr - $65hr, and many projects are done via flat rate. 



specialties include; wordpress design and management, marketing services including seo and social media content creation and posting. 



work with us as much or as little as you need! one time, temp fill in support or ongoing services. 



view our most common client services below - contact us if you don't see your project type listed. 











website design, graphic design, marketing & maintenance services 
our goal is to create long term relationships with our clients. we're focused on helping you reach your goals and providing you affordable design and marketing services.

 













 



									starcrossroads.com									

website design





 









 


 

starcrossroads.com
website design

									we designed a dynamic astrological themed video landing page and ecommerce services booking website. using only images we had access to via the clients social media account and our extensive stock imagery library. all images and designs created are unique to this website.  the store is appointment/time cost focused.								



 







 









 



									lbhn.org									

website design, print collateral





 









 


 

lbhn.org
website design, print collateral

									[lbhn.org] the loudon breast health network website project was an excellent example of taking a diy website (built originally in wix) and redesigning it professionally to better present the charitable organization and it's events.								



 







 









 



									cleo, inc.									

website design, social media marketing, print collateral





 









 


 

cleo, inc.
website design, social media marketing, print collateral

									cleo (council on legal education opportunity, inc.) is a recent and wonderful addition to our active website updates and marketing services list of clients. we are helping manage several websites under the cleo network and have recently designed an active social media campaign for them.								



 







 









 



									hwc&l cpas									

website design, print collateral





 









 


 

hwc&l cpas
website design, print collateral

									hicks, williams, crawford & lynch cpas

offices located in rancho cucamonga serving the greater inland empire area. we provide tax, planning and consulting services for all individuals and businesses and offer specialized expertise in the agribusiness and farming industries.
								



 







 











design & marketing services we offer 
we pretty much do it all! print & digital design services. any project you're working on or even just thinking about give us a call or send email below and let's chat!

 







 





 










website services
 



our specialty is in building cross device/platform responsive websites using the popular cms platform wordpress. we help with the entire process from assisting you with setting up your hosting account – site design and development – all the way through to seo services and post launch marketing services. we offer our clients ongoing as needed maintenance services and discounted new project services. we can help you build or manage any type of website including multimedia and ecommerce sites. 











graphic design
 



we offer a full complement of graphic design services both for physical collateral and merchandise as well as digital multimedia use designs.we have a long history in the entertainment industry and niche expertise in event, pr, and merchandise design.  we also have a wonderful stable of suppliers that have proven to provide quality services to our clients that we can work with directly to process your design order from concept to in-hand delivery.we do it all: business collateral pieces, signage, logo design, event flyers, posters and packaging design. 







 











 







social media marketing & management 



we can assist you or your team members in setting up and managing the appropriate social media accounts for your specific business and target audience.we can craft customized content posting schedules (and content), as well as, ad design and implementation.we offer daily & weekly content and ad creation and marketing services at a discounted rates for clients who subscribe to our quarterly marketing program otherwise all ‘as needed’ or requested marketing work is completed at our standard hourly rate. 











misc support & design services 



i’ve assisted clients with designing everything from company power point presentations to business start up pitch decks, pta banners, video intro/outros, holiday & wedding collateral, customized merchandise and even wrapping paper. i can provide computer/web training (live-by-phone and remote desktop sessions).in short if you need help… just reach out to me! 







 















what clients are saying... 











 

curtis aikens
celebrity chef




 
i've been working with misha for over 20 years now she’s seen me through several publishing projects over the course of my career and she has never let me down. she’s great at what she does and i can’t imagine working with anyone else. 
















 

derek s. williams, cpa
hicks, williams, crawford & lynch llp




 
misha designed our niche cpa services brand as well as our building signage, website and print collateral. anytime we need something she is quick to respond and deliver. we wouldn’t use anyone else!
















 

julie cheli
purchasing director




 
i am always impressed by misha’s work. she has consistently met our frequently tight deadlines with quick turnarounds and always with her energetic and positive attitude. i can highly recommend her to anyone. 













 











no sales pressure – call anytime! 



please feel perfectly comfortable contacting me anytime with any questions, no matter where you are at in terms of readiness to start your project!it’s quite common to spend time over the course of several calls and emails discussing your project goals and collecting content elements before getting started.please be aware that calls generally go to voicemail – please leave a message and i’ll call you back within 2-3 hours (during weekdays/business hours).michelle “misha” macenorwest design servicesofc/text: (425) 998-7457‬misha@norwestdesigns.com 








	notice: javascript is required for this content.


















copyright 2024, all rights reserved. norwest design services  






 








































 

