

philadelphia online taxi service, better choice for your cab ride












































home
                          
                    

fares
                             
                    

reservations
                                
                    

get quote
                                      
                    

contact us               
                                   













                                                welcome to the philly-taxi.com
                                                better choice for your cab ride




                                            about us:



                                            philly-taxi.com is the online service of the liat taxi cab company.
                                            liat taxi cab company is a family owned and operated philadelphia taxi service that has been providing
                                            dependable, courteous taxi service to the greater philadelphia area customers since
                                            1990. we aim to deliver a fast, reliable, efficient and friendly service to all
                                            of our customers. it is our mission to ensure that you enjoy traveling in our taxis
                                            to the extent that we can enjoy your repeat business.
                                        




                                            philly limo service:




philadelphia limo services
								are at their finest with us. we offer an exclusive selection of luxury
                                                vehicles, service in a class of its own and a dedication to excellence that makes
                                                luxury travel into an event to be remembered. the primary goal of our philadelphia
                                                limo professionals is to provide service of premier quality from the beginning to
                                                the end of your journey. business travel and other special occasions deserve more
                                                than just a trip in a beautiful car. with us, philly limo services are delivered
                                                with elegance, style and class. as our guest, we make it our priority to meet your
                                                needs, which is why we are philadelphia’s preferred business limo service. turn
                                                to us for luxury travel done right.
click here and
                                                    get a quote for your next philadelphia limo ride.





                                            commitment to our riders:



we are committed to providing prompt, reliable, safe
                                                        service.
our vehicles will always be clean and mechanically
                                                        sound.
our drivers will be polite, honest, and knowledgeable.
we will do our best to make your riding experience
                                                        a pleasant one. 





                                            online reservations:



planning a long trip? need a ride to or from the airport?
                                                can't depend or don't want to impose on friends or family?
                                                click here and make your reservation.
please make your online reservations at least 3 hours in advance.

10% discount on any online reservation for us military personnel





                                            get a quote:




                                                flying out of the new-york jfk, lga or newark int’l airports?
                                                
                                                visiting your friends or relatives at the area military bases?
                                                let us take the hassle and worry out of your travel plans.
                                                click here and get a quote.
                                                we would provide you with the lowest possible price.
                                                

 




























philadelphia limousine, 
                            philadelphia limousine service





                            copyright © 2004-2023 philadelphia
                                taxi - liat taxicab inc.









