dallas restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in dallas by diningguide
homeaboutcontactdallas restaurantsmobile versionen españolwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > dallas home pagedallas restaurantsrestaurant posts“chalo india”“indian restaurants in frisco offers a vibrant dining experience with real indian cuisine.…”posted by: chalo india“food like the photos”“food like the photos! daddy's chicken shack is a one-of-a-kind culinary destination that …”posted by: daddy's chicken shack“karaoke bar, cricket play, food & fun”“full bar/restaurant with cricket play and karaoke room.…”posted by: sixes social cricketrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“excellent seafood”member, nicole, dallas - “i have been here multiple times and the food is always …”said about: pappadeaux“excellent salmon and catering”member, nicole, dallas - “i've eaten here once or twice but have had their cateri…”said about: blue mesa grill“crowded at lunch, fresh food”member, nicole, dallas - “this is a great place to go for a quick lunch but it ge…”said about: corner bakerywe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)


welcome to metroguide.network's dallas diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan dallas, texas.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find dallas restaurants by location or cuisine.  for a dallas dining overview, click here.

taste sensations seem bigger, bolder and more robust in dallas, where sizzling cuts of tender beef and accompanying sauces are a menu staple. high-end steak houses are as common as cactus plants, yet dallas has a bountiful share of enclaves catering to demand for asian, chinese, french, japanese and other cuisines along with plenty of seafood. dallas restaurants are especially plentiful in the west end historic district and deep ellum. in fort worth, sundance square, exchange avenue and stockyard station have become restaurant and nightlife magnets. among culinary standouts are the mansion on turtle creek (once a cotton magnate's residence), where the hotel dining room tantalizes with a signature tortilla soup and crème brulee. in deep ellum, options range from barbeque and upscale mexican to cajun and american brewfood. 




diningguide dallas is part of metroguide dallas, 
offering guides to events, shopping, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

dallas dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan dallas 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown dallas
downtown dallas dining options including the business district, market center and theater center areas

·deep elum
dining options in the area of deep ellum, located just blocks from downtown dallas

·dallas north
restaurant options in areas such as addison, plano, and others in the northern section of dallas

·dallas east
restaurants in communities east of downtown dallas, such as garland and mesquite

·dallas west
restaurants in cities such as arlington and grand prairie, close to the six flags parks

·dallas - fort worth airport
dining options near the dallas - fort worth international airport, in cities such as irving, euless and grapevine

·fort worth
fort worth, a major metro area in its own right, is host to many restaurants

·dallas
dallas restaurants within the loop formed by i-635, the lbj freeway

dallas dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican casualasianbarbequebraziliancafecajunchinesecoffeecontinentaldelicatessenfine diningfrenchfusionhealthy - naturalinternationalirishitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicanmiddle easternnew worldnorthern italianpizzeriaseafoodsouthernsouthwesternsteakthai
to return to the diningguide dallas home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at dallas restaurantshouse of blues gospel brunch every sunday… dining - dining specials house of blues dallasevery sun saint motel alternative music performance… music - alternative rock house of blues dallassun 3/9/25 arizona - band alternative music performance… music - alternative rock house of blues dallastue 3/4/25 nocap rap / hip hop music performance… music - hip hop & rap house of blues dallassun 2/16/25 urzila carlson comedic performance live… performance - comedic house of blues dallaswed 6/4/25 death from above 1979 pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal ferris wheelers backyard and bbqthu 1/30/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide austindiningguide houston diningguide shreveportrelated links:diningguide harlingendiningguide san antonioother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide alexandriadiningguide monroediningguide new orleansdiningguide oklahoma citydiningguide tulsametroguide.network > diningguide > dallas home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide dallas are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsdirectory more locations...full map



dallas restaurants:our readers'5 smile favoritespo' melvin'saurora maison de cuisinedallas restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoriteslolaferrari's italian villaarthur'sle rendezvousmustang cafecatalina roomscene dallasthe rose tattoo grille and wineruth's chris steak housejason's delioutback steakhousejason's delicowboys sports cafe


