


hyperhidrosis, excessive sweating






























    






   français                 
															

www.hyperhidrosis.ca

 






  home |



															contact 
															| 
links | 
publications | 





															use of the gel,
															






															instructions





















 

 

 

 

 

 



onabotulinum 
toxin a injections       



 


 


 
treatment
 algorithm for

 



 



															 



 

 



 



															 



 



 
  

 > 
															






 



															 



 



 
 

 > 
															






 



															 




 




 

 

 > 
															
































 excessive sweating, known under its medical term hyperhidrosis (hh), is a topic which is rarely thought about. it is an embarrassing condition for many people and sometimes even disabling and could easily ruin one’s social and professional life. a long time neglected subject in the medical literature, it is starting to gain awareness among the health professionals as well as the public thanks to the discovery of botulinum toxin a which came as a breakthrough in the treatment of hh. [botox® and dysport® are not bioequivalent. one unit of botulinum toxin type a (botox® allergan irvine ca) is equivalent to approximatly to 2.5 units of botulinum toxin type a (dysport® ipsen limited uk)].
following a rare opportunity of treating more than 7000 patients affected with hh in the last 30 years, i came to the conclusion that information regarding this disorder is still inadequate and many people still undergo needless surgeries to stop sweating when simpler solutions are available. the therapeutic options vary according to the age of the patient, the area involved, the severity of the disease and the patient’s own tolerance to previous medications. 


 





.










ideally, extemporaneous formulations, tailored to the patient’s need, could be compounded by knowledgeable pharmacists. 












definition

																					the purpose of sweating is to keep a constant body temperature around 37°c through evaporative cooling. we speak of hh when the amount of sweat largely exceeds the quantity required for thermoregulation.







prevalence

the popular belief is that sweating is a physiological phenomenon that should be respected even when it causes physical and psychological discomfort. more...










     [hyperhidrose = hyper + hidrôs (sweat)]


 



                       excessive sweating

                      more...















home
| contact | 
links | 
publications | privacy policy






									revision date: 
							07/25/2012
















																		the mission													of this website is to assist patients suffering from excessive sweating (hyperhidrosis) in canada to find an appropriate solution to their problem. the purpose of this website is to rather enlighten a person to chose among the available therapeutic options the one that suits best to his / her  condition, at a minimal possible cost in collaboration with his / her dermatologist or treating physician. this site does not accept any advertising. 




																		 






« the information provided on this website is designed to support, and not to replace, the relationship that exists between a patient / site visitor and his / her dermatologist or treating physician » 


conflict of interest 
																		antranik benohanian md is the owner of the following websites: 
																		www.benohanian.com, 
																		www.hyperhidrosis.ca  & 
																		www.hyperhidrose.ca.  dr. benohanian has received financial compensation from the following companies: allergan and valeopharma for talks given on hyperhidrosis. there are no agreements to promote any of their products mentioned on this website.







												 





































site design by: 

johnklor.com




















