




illinois society of professional farm managers and rural appraisers – ispfmra



















































































 






 



skip to content





find a member
become a member

membership classifications
accredited members
accredited rural appraisers
accredited & certified agricultural consultants
real property review appraisers


land value reports
video series










open mobile menuclose mobile menu 


home
about us

contact us
officers & board
committees and chairs
our bylaws
scholarships
awards
partners in illinois agriculture
past presidents
a brief history of the ispfmra


news & info

land value reports
newsletters
news stories
land values
presentations
employment
partners in illinois agriculture 

for members 

directory updates






sponsors
become a sponsor
search


search












 






latest news 










				new leadership at ispfmra			


			read more »		



			february 14, 2025		









				register now! 2025 land values conference and continuing education opportunities			


			read more »		



			february 5, 2025		









				2025 land values report to be free			


			read more »		



			december 10, 2024		









				fall 2024 newsletter — annual meeting preview and more			


			read more »		



			december 2, 2024		











view archived articles


















member spotlight 











				member spotlight: rob brimes			


background: i grew up north of hudson, in mclean county, which is where i live today with my wife heidi and daughter charleigh. my dad was a grain farmer in


			read more »		


























 
order a printed land values report













2024 land values report
 1 file(s)  2.04 mb


download












advertise in our land values report










linkedin
 



facebook
 



x-twitter
 



youtube
 






who are we? 



the ispfmra is an organization of professional men and women engaged in the management of farms and the appraisal of rural property. the society was founded in 1928 and has grown to a membership of over 350 active members and “friends.” members of the society manage the production and marketing of nearly 10 percent of the corn and soybeans produced in illinois. 






renew friends membership






















find an ispfmra member 



we’ve made it easy to connect with a professional farm manager or rural appraiser, no matter where you are in illinois. you can search by name or keyword, or you can open a list of cities and find someone near you. 







find an ispfmra member
 



to search by city, go here. 


















land values and lease trends report 


















every year, the ispfmra conducts a survey of farmland values and lease trends in illinois. you can see an archive of all our land values reports going back to 2005, including our 2022 report. 










see the archive















ispfmra mission statement
the purpose of the illinois society of professional farm managers and rural appraisers is to serve and promote professionalism of those who provide management, consultation services, valuation, and marketing of agricultural resources. we provide our members with quality education, an exacting code of business ethics, and opportunity for interaction with professional peers in agriculture. 




























copyright illinois society of farm managers & rural appraisers 2025 - all rights reserved




back to top


search






































