



































    camper shells hilo, hi - hawaii campers
  












               


        

 

 





 (808) 935-8349



address:
670 pi`ilani st hilo, hi 96720
    home



  about us



  catalog


   trailers & hitches



  windows/rain guards



  floor liners/mats



  truck bed liners



  campers



  commercial campers



  garages



  seat covers



  truck/car racks



  reverse cameras & backup sensors



  ramps & scooter/wheelchair carriers



  tool boxes & transfer tanks



  performance tires



  exhaust systems



  tonneau covers



  ez dumper



  grill inserts



  tommy lift gates



  generators & inverters





  customer service



  contact











    
 





       



      

full-service 
accessory & camper store
  

contact us today




   







    your one-stop-shop
for camper shells and more in hilo, hi

from camper shells to trailers to racing parts, we have it all!
established in 1978, hawaii campers was the first camper shell company in hawaii and has grown into a full service truck & car camping accessory store. today we do business on all of the islands. rest assured that you will find the highest quality products at the best prices available. our business has sustained itself for over 40 years due to the loyalty and trust of our customers. contact us when it comes to vehicle accessories in hilo, hi! 



      




    parts & accessories
for all budgets

not sure which camper shell is best for you, or which accessories to choose for your vehicle? our camper shells, tonneau covers, and other parts and accessories range in price to suit all kinds of budgets. we offer: camper shellsthule rackswet okole seat coversbed linerstonneau coverscar and truck accessoriesperformance partstrailers and dumpersdumper transformationgrills, wheels and carbon fiber parts

we invite you to look around our website for additional information. or, come and see us in hilo to view our complete selection of camper shells and more. we look forward to seeing you!




   







    we carry the following brands
& more!

 
      




    




    




    




    




    





     




    




    




    




    




    










      




    need help with shipping?
give us a call!




   







    covid-19
updates

our team at hawaii campers is committed to servicing our customers. 
starting monday, august 3rd, we will be open monday-friday 8:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. and every other saturday 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. 
to adhere to covid-19 guidelines, we ask that you wear a face mask and practice social distancing while shopping. we also encourage you to call us in advance at
(808) 935-8349 to schedule service or to ask about our inventory. 
mahalo for understanding.







         




    browse 
our website

    home



  about us



  catalog



  customer service



  contact






  contact
information

phone:
(808) 935-8349
email:
info@hawaiicampers.com
address: 670 pi`ilani st hilo, hi 96720
    

 

 





  business
hours

monday - friday: 8:00 am - 3:00 pm
every other saturday: 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
  










   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy























































































































  
  share by:























