







springfield country club - springfield, pa



















































 400 w sproul rd, springfield, pa 19064 | reservations: 610.543.9860|  










homecourse
course detailscourse tourratesgolf policiesevents
events informationoutingsupcoming eventsweddings & banquetsfacilities
golf facilitiesrestaurantprograms
leagues schoolscontact
contact usemployment opportunitiesbuy gift cards online


























                            redefining public golf
                            
                        
course is snow covered

												book a tee time






 











course info

springfield country club is situated on a property which was of a tract of land deeded in 1681 deeded by william penn to a surveyor, robert taylor.







eat, drink, relax

tavola restaurant + bar offers a unique, upscale casual al fresco dining experience, open to the public daily. 







golf rates

browse our inventory and book your next round of golf online. it's fast and easy!







outings

our experienced event specialists will make your golf tournament a total success.  shotgun outings and groups are hosted monday through thursday.














welcome to springfield country club






 
  looking for a part time position?  the course is hiring!  easy to apply online!  apply online!
  
springfield country club located in delaware county just outside the philadelphia area and only 10 minutes from the airport. open to the public 7 days a week, tee times may be booked up to 7 days in advance.
outings! looking for a great place to host your corporate, charitable or other special event? our 18 hole golf course and expansive clubhouse serve as a picturesque locale for events of all types!. shotgun outings and groups are hosted monday thru thursday only.  
our course is challenging and beautifully landscaped (6018 yard, par 70). our clubhouse has banquet rooms capable of seating over 1,000 plus guests, full restaurant with outside bar and restaurant, a hotel on premises and a day spa!










course status

 
course is closed
 
upcoming events



17mar

saint patricks daymore info mon, mar. 17  |   all day





31oct

halloweenmore info fri, oct. 31  |   all day





26dec

christmas (course & shop closed)more info fri, dec. 26  |   all day





01jan

new year's daymore info thu, jan.  1  |   all day




view full calendar
receive exclusive deals
join our mailing list and​ be the first to receive golf updates and tee time deals.
please complete all required fields!



full name(*)

 please let us know your name.



email address(*)

 please let us know your email address.



validation

 invalid input





send 














© 2022 springfield country club | 400 w sproul rd, springfield, pa 19064 | reservations: 610.543.9860designed and hosted by 121 marketingcontact us | site map





close 







home








tee times








food








contact







homecourse
course detailscourse tourratesgolf policiesevents
events informationoutingsupcoming eventsweddings & banquetsfacilities
golf facilitiesrestaurantprograms
leagues schoolscontact
contact usemployment opportunitiesbuy gift cards online


 400 w sproul rd, springfield, pa 19064 | reservations: 610.543.9860|   




