


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





diagon alley - for all your harry potter needs!





























diagon alley


home

meet harry


harry potter books


about

book covers

book 5

rumours


the films



philosopher's stone



chamber of secrets



prisoner of azkaban



ps picture gallery


cos picture gallery



computer games


philosopher's stone

chamber of secrets

quidditch world cup


trading card game



what's a tcg?



rules



card lists



building a deck



flourish & blotts


encyclopedia

recommended reading


misc.


puzzles

wallpaper


contact info


links

























welcome todiagon alley

well, this is it. diagon alley has finally closed and been replaced with the new site pottertastic.com. i'll be sad to see the end of diagon alley but look forward to working on pottertastic and hope that everyone will visit the new site.

thanks to everyone for visiting and i hope you all like the new site.

jenny

xox





http://www.pottertastic.com


dont't forget to update you favourites!

the links on this page will now take you directly to the relevant page on the new site as all the other pages on this site have been disabled. happy browsing!













harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban - released in cinemas 4th june 2004







fave characterwho is your favourite new character from ootp?tonks
luna lovegood
amelia bones
kreacher
professor umbridge(!)
view current results


view previous poll results







if you'd like to link to this site, simply copy and paste the code below into your webpage.




























all trademarks and names used on this site are acknowledged as the property of their respective owners. this includes, but is not limited to, jk rowling, warner brothers, bloomsbury publishing, scholastic books. all original material is copyright j. odell and may not be copied or reproduced without permission. j. odell is not associated with or affiliated with wizards of the coast or warner brothers. this web site is not endorsed by any of the aforementioned parties. rights to the characters and their likenesses are neither claimed nor implied.
































