

















who has time for this?





































































who has time for this?



a blog about science, superstition, startups, security and singing.




















pages



home


science


startups


security


ted talks


personal


books










































































saturday, february 23, 2019





space is open for business













space is no longer the exclusive domain of engineering behemoths
with a “monumental mission” mindset, as a new ecosystem of technology
innovators democratizes extra-terrestrial commerce.  



--



for fifty
years, space innovation meant scaling apollo-era technologies into ever larger,
more durable satellites parked above their terrestrial clients in
geo-synchronous orbit. exotic space-ready parts, militarized defenses, and
layered redundancies ballooned into multi-billion dollar systems designed to
last 40 years or more beyond their conceptions. only vast organizations with
thousands of aerospace engineers could participate.

by the turn
of the century, it didn’t matter that geo-synchronous orbit resembled a stadium
parking lot on super bowl sunday. the internet had upended and bankrupted the
commercial space industry, whose expensive, decades-old satellites could no
longer compete with terrestrial means of moving information. and when a financial
crisis gripped the global economy one decade ago, constricting the government
budgets that funded most space exploration, nasa’s cancellation of its flagship
programs seemed to ring the death knell for our colonization of the cosmos.

the space
community was dispirited; no one expected an imminent, explosive emergence of a
new entrepreneurial ecosystem that now promises unprecedented opportunities in
space and vanishing barriers to extra-terrestrial commerce. the prospect of
colonizing the moon, mars and beyond now seems likely and even palpable.  

the new mindset

space colonization
began in 1957 with the launch of sputnik, followed by the monumental apollo
program that landed humans on the moon. both sputnik and apollo had to develop
their entire missions and supply chains from scratch: rocket engines,
spacecraft, avionics software, space suits, ground stations, mission control software,
and more.

this monolithic
approach dominated space missions until recently. in 2010, brooklynite luke
geissbuhler and his son max heralded a new model for space exploration when
their amateur weather balloon ferried an iphone 19 miles above the surface of
the earth, capturing beautiful space images
as expensive satellites do. luke and max’s fun experiment exploited the low
cost of mass-produced cell phones, whose batteries, antennas, radios,
accelerometers and cameras constitute the most common components of commercial
satellites.

meanwhile, students at cal poly and
stanford were using those same cell phone components to assemble what they
called cubesats – 10x10x10 cm buses designed to cheaply ferry their science
experiments on low earth orbit. (in loe, where satellites naturally de-orbit within
five years due to drag from atmospheric particles, they don’t need exotic
radiation-proof parts.) standard modules for diy cubesats can now be procured
on hobbyist sites as easily as buying a book on amazon.

like the darpa engineers who coded the
internet protocol, these students hadn’t appreciated the impact of their invention.
cubesats sparked a realization that true scalability comes not from bigger
satellites, but many cheap small ones, and suddenly five accumulated decades of
moore’s law turned the space industry upside down. venture-backed startups like
planet labs
and skybox (now merged) developed constellations of micro-satellites to image
the earth far faster than enormous, lumbering incumbents.  other ventures like spacex and oneweb are deploying
massive constellations to serve the planet with internet and iot
communications. the silicon valley teams behind all these constellations
naturally focus on software-driven designs with commodity hardware, enabling
satellite operators to quickly launch new apps as we do on our smartphones. the
largest general purpose cubesat constellation – roughly 60 “lemurs” operated by
spire global –
already monitor ships, planes and weather. 

the new mindset that space is best
colonized by smaller, cheaper, faster computers not only admits entrepreneurial
engineering teams – it favors them. hundreds of other startups are now
exploiting the 100x cost savings of microsat constellations to colonize space.

a new ecosystem

the microsat revolution demands a new
ecosystem to support the operators of these constellations. by far the most
important and difficult input to procure is launch, since all mature rocket
programs were designed long ago to carry enormous, expensive payloads to
geosynchronous orbit with 5-10 years of advanced notice; new players like
virgin orbit, firefly and rocket lab promise cheap and frequent carriage to low
earth orbit. next-gen operators also need ground stations, mission control
software, satellite tracking, data analysis, life support systems, human
habitats, robotic mining systems, space wifi, and more. sat and rocket
manufacturers in turn need specialized software, subsystems, amplifiers, phased
array antennas, miniaturized propulsion, materials, extensible solar panels,
and batteries. and innovators in additive manufacturing like velo3d enable spacex
and rocket lab to design and 3d print far more efficient engines.

space companies now assemble cheaper,
better, faster constellations by mixing and matching off-the-shelf elements
from this emerging fragmented ecosystem. this new space stack (see illustration)
promises a virtuous cycle of innovation, diversity and growth akin to the explosion
of datacom startups sparked in the 1980s when the osi 7-layer internetworking
similarly disrupted an oligopoly of proprietary networks from ibm, digital hp
and sun. 

atop the space stack sit the microsat
operators who create value for people on earth. they are extraterrestrial
mining companies, agricultural intelligence businesses, pharma manufacturers,
internet service providers, weather forecasters, marine tracking companies, and
new ones every month.  as the space stack
grows, these companies look less like scientific research labs, and more like their
terrestrial competitors.



in other words, space is open for
business. entrepreneurs are flocking to the final frontier, where moore’s law
has unleashed massive, enduring opportunities. this is how humanity will
colonize low earth orbit, the moon, the asteroids, mars and beyond – through the
emergence of a distributed, commercial ecosystem infinitely more powerful than
any single company or government.







posted by
david cowan


at
4:38 pm


0
comments














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, december 04, 2016





donald trump jeopardizes cyber privacy and national security










president-elect donald trump recently released a video in which he promised to work with the department of defense and joint chiefs of staff on a “plan to protect americas’ vital infrastructure from cyber attacks.” this promise reflects trump’s ignorance of how cyber warfare works — calling in the marines to secure the nation’s computers is about as effective as exterminating cockroaches with a shotgun.

on the vast, interdependent internet, evolving technologies and best practices must be adopted across the ecosystem for anyone to be secure. an effective cyber defense requires long, hard years of continued investment in research, education, strong encryption, standards, regulations, enforcement, and global cooperation. unfortunately, trump’s stated policy goals promise to halt and even reverse the hard-fought progress made in recent years defining and enforcing new cyber standards. the impact on national security will be dire.

furthermore, trump’s call to boycott apple for refusing to break their iphone encryption and his plan for “closing that internet up” expose a disregard for cyber privacy and freedom of expression that threatens to undermine our rights and our prosperity.

stop-and-frisk in cyberspace

the us is a cyber superpower, alongside china, england, israel and russia. while edward snowden’s revelations suggest that the u.s. likely harbors the most potent cyber weapons, the agencies that develop and wield them have a clear mandate to use them only on foreign targets — for example, to retaliate against russia’s repeated pattern of cyber aggression.

to trump, however, vladimir putin is a friend — the nation’s true enemies lurk within the american homeland: illegal mexican immigrants, muslim jihadist refugees, obstructive protesters, and conspiring journalists. echoing rudolph giuliani, trump has touted stop-and-frisk as a legitimate exercise of “law and order” so we should expect the same in cyberspace, as federal agencies redirect their formidable arsenals away from foreign and toward domestic surveillance. no wonder peter thiel supported and now advises trump — his company palantir sells the software used by intelligence agencies to monitor large populations; investors plowed another $20 million into the palantir just last week.



peter thiel, co-founder of palantir
judicial and legislative oversight bodies normally protect us citizens from mass domestic surveillance. but trump’s tweets and campaign rally warnings about isis have escalated american fear of the terrorist threat to the highest point since 9–11, when congress passed the patriot act. the republican congress and trump-appointed judges may give the president broad leeway.the danger of deregulationpreventing cyber attacks is impossible without regulation, because cyber neglect is like polluting, drunk driving, or refusing to vaccinate — it endangers not only the reckless, but everyone else as well. the security of every online transaction depends upon the integrity of all the vendors in the ecosystem who handle payments, network traffic, email delivery, cloud servers, and more. furthermore, any infected computer or device can be used to attack others (as we saw in the october ddos attack that caused massive internet outages). without broad regulations and enforcement, internet commerce cannot be secured.donald trump’s campaign speeches and web site have consistently promised to reduce the rules, headcount, and overall spending in the sec, ftc, cfpb, fcc and is oversight office — the very federal regulatory agencies that have taken the lead in defining and enforcing cyber standards. (his adviser mark jamison openly plans to nearly eliminate the fcc.) in addition to the budget savings, trump sees this as a key element in his plan to promote business and increase jobs. by design, these cuts will relax the rules and enforcement of cyber standards for the public companies, banks, consumer-facing merchants, and network carriers that these agencies regulate. we should expect similar cuts in other regulatory authorities such as the center for medicare and medicaid services (which enforces hipaa rules for the healthcare industry) and the federal energy regulatory commission (which oversees nerc standards for the power grid).cyber deregulation will empower american businesses to sell our data to anyone collecting profiles of us citizens. meanwhile, with a u.s. president who actually invited and benefited from russia’s intervention in the election, russian cyber attackers feel they enjoy free rein in american cyberspace. with the rollback of cyber regulations, consumer-facing businesses will slash their own cyber security budgets, leading to weaker systems that further accelerate the growth and severity of information breaches. with our private information exposed, brace for a dramatic rise in identity theft and cyber stalking.in contrast, the european union has set the standard for privacy laws that limit how businesses and government agencies can use our information. once disdained by the business community, these laws now give europe the competitive advantage. in the wake of snowden’s revelations, mistrustful europeans moved their data from us clouds and services to eu alternatives — during trump’s presidency, americans will join them. while some americans look to switzerland as a safe haven for money, and canada as a safe haven for our families, many will look to germany as a safe haven for data.cyber 9–11president trump’s deregulatory policies will jeopardize not only privacy, but also national security. our homeland’s greatest vulnerability may well be the cyber threat to our critical infrastructure, potentially disrupting life-support services like power and water. furthermore, a single breach of a water treatment facility, dam, or nuclear reactor can directly kill millions of people — a cyber 9–11. and yet today most of the nation’s utilities run unpatched software on industrial control systems that remain defenseless, awaiting nerc cyber regulations to kick in next year. a four-year reprieve from these rules by trump’s administration will expose the u.s. to a massive terrorist attack, and open the door for russia or other nations to embed cyber bombs in our machinery for future activation. even if the defense department can accurately attribute such attacks, they can only retaliate — they cannot prevent them.the election of donald trump has profound implications for the security of cyberspace. unless trump reverses his positions on deregulation, government surveillance, and the russian threat, his administration will dismantle the safeguards of cyberspace, threatening america’s commercial prosperity, individual privacy, and national security.




posted by
david cowan


at
3:02 pm


0
comments














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, september 13, 2016





investment recommendation: claroty series a






today, claroty came out of stealth, announcing a series a financing led by bessemer. $32 million is  is a lot for series a, but this is an important company for our nation and our planet. to explain why, i thought i'd share this excerpt from our internal investment memo.




excerpt from april 2016:





the need for industrial security








the physical infrastructure of modern civilization runs on
machinery: traffic lights, railroad switches, nuclear reactors, water
treatment, electricity distribution, dams, ship engines, draw bridges, oil
rigs, hospitals, gas pipelines, and factories depend upon mechanical elements
such as pressure valves, turbines, motors, and pumps. these actuators (like the
ones in the original bessemer steel smelting process) were once manually
configured, but today these machines are controlled by software running on
directly-attached, single-purpose computers known as programmable logic
controllers (plc). plcs, in turn, are connected in aggregate to computers
running human management interfaces (hmi) through closed, vendor-proprietary supervisory
control & data acquisition (scada) protocols like dnp3 and profibus.
industrial manufacturers provide the machines, the plcs, and the hmis, and so
operations technology (ot) teams typically need to use a mix of controllers and
interfaces. this is collectively known as an ics. 

















during the pc revolution, many of these ics components migrated
to cheap, standard pcs, and their scada connections migrated to lan switches and
routers that leveraged the connectivity benefits of those pcs’ standard ethernet
ports. the security implications were relatively minor until the internet came
along; but now, if any computer in the building is connected to the internet,
all the machines are potentially exposed. ics security had once depended upon
an air-gap between it and ot networks, and where absolutely necessary devices
like one-way diodes were used to send data out of the ot network to the outside
world. however, trends like remote management, cloud, iot, and the adoption of
open standards are eroding the network segmentation and creating new attack
vectors.



the threat of ics attacks is very different from threats
plaguing other computer networks. first, there is little valuable data to steal
from a plc (with the theoretical exception of pharmaceuticals), and yet the
consequences of an attack are potentially catastrophic; the worst doomsday
scenarios of cyber warfare arise from compromised machinery such as gas relays,
dams, reactors, and water treatment facilities that can kill millions of people
when they malfunction. to get a taste of the kind of damage we’re talking
about, watch this video
from 2007, where members of the idaho national laboratory hacked some of
its own machinery.





second, the fear of unexpected downtime also makes ot teams
less willing to experiment with new hardware and software updates. these
factors create an environment of older computers running older software that is
never patched despite the accumulation of known vulnerabilities.



finally, ot teams will not run encryption or conventional
cybersecurity software on their computers, lest the security processes
interfere with the precise and fragile timing of their network; they would
rather be infected than incur downtime. and evidence of infections is mounting:



•     
the stuxnet worm,
allegedly developed jointly by nsa and the israeli army’s intelligence arm
(unit 8200), crippled the iranian nuclear program by destroying their
centrifuges;

•     
iran
crippled the operations of the most valuable company on earth, saudi
aramco;

•     
according to bvp-funded isight partners, the
russia-based sandstone team developed the blackworm
malware that shut down power for 700k ukrainians;

•     
for two years, an iranian group controlled
malware inside a dam in rye, new york (near bvp’s  larchmont office).



the malware behind these attacks likely lay dormant for some
time, and there is no comprehensive way to know how much more already lurks in
critical ics just waiting to be activated. according to the ics-cert,
we discover more and more infections every year in us infrastructure. so, at
a time when nation-states, terrorists, and criminal organizations are
scrambling for an advantage in cyberspace, society’s most critical
infrastructure remains exposed and undefended.



claroty’s origin



although our small investment in cyber foundry team8 is gaining market value, we originally
invested for more strategic reasons. following our roadmap principle of
“following the attackers,” we have long known that ics would develop into a
significant target, and hoped team8 would provide us the best opportunity to
invest in this market. they did just this with claroty (fka team 82), which is
the second spin-out. claroty is one of two dozen companies addressing cyber
attacks on ics. while claroty is a newer entrant in this relatively nascent space,
we believe deep the experience of its team makes it the likely winner.



recall that retired israeli general nadav zafrir had founded
team8 to focus the world’s best nation-state cyber warriors on the biggest
challenges of cyber security. zafrir recently commanded unit 8200, considered
israel’s equivalent to the us national security agency (nsa). but unlike the
nsa, which employs career-minded employees, unit 8200 draws and trains the
smartest draftees from the israeli population, who, like everyone else,
typically resign their military commission after three years. naturally,
several of them founded cybersecurity companies like check point, palo alto
networks, and nice. but now zafrir, along with the unit’s former head of cyber
(israel grimberg) and former chief technology officer (assaf mischari), recruit
and commercially train the top 1% of those graduates, re-purposing them in
cybersecurity startups.



a principal skill set attributed to unit 8200 is blind protocol
analysis. if, for example, you wished to hack a siemens centrifuge, you’d need
to deconstruct the packets sent back and forth between the hmi and the plc, or
between the plc and the actuator. most protocols were cobbled together decades
ago and were rarely well documented, and in some cases the vendors themselves
treat them as holy writ. unit 8200 is reputedly the best in the world at
quickly and accurately understanding and parsing them down to the individual
bit level. team8 recruited the best, most experienced ics thought leaders in
unit 8200, led by their team leader benny porat (cs phd), to staff claroty.



when team8 starts a new company, it marries a technical team
with an entrepreneurial founder. in the case of claroty, team8 recruited amir
zilberstein, who founded the successful waterfall
security and gita technologies. waterfall develops ics security products
(unrelated to claroty’s product); gita’s technology remains undisclosed. team8
also recruited galina antova, the former head of siemens’ industrial security
services division, to run business development. antova is a super impressive
executive - highly connected, brilliant, and fast-moving. [see appendix: due
diligence for summaries of the team reference calls.] next step is to recruit a
cmo – we hope to get patrick mcbride, who was a star at isight.



beyond security 
















with meaningful operations technology (ot) experience on
the team, claroty is taking a different approach to the market than its
competitors who generally come from cybersecurity backgrounds. rather than lead
with the cybersecurity benefits of their product, claroty has developed an ot
visibility platform that first and foremost surfaces operational issues. by
deconstructing the proprietary vendor protocols, claroty has delivered the
first heterogeneous hmi with analytics that span an ics network. seeing as how
most ot teams today care more about downtime than infection, we believe this
approach will enjoy a far better reception in the near-term.









posted by
david cowan


at
5:00 am


0
comments














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)









science, scams & superstition


created by a school teacher!
at the foot of the mount
more articles -->




space ventures


dinosaurs in space
google buys skybox
asteroid mining




security & trust


is america a cyber bully?
is id theft a hoax?
internet: threat level red
too many startups
more security -->




for entrepreneurs


best startup advice i've heard
the art of pitchcraft
how to not write a business plan
more articles -->




book reviews


thinking without thinking
gladwell's igon value problem
a graphic search for truth
more reviews -->




ted talk reviews


ted 2013
ted 2012
ted 2011
more ted talks -->




singing


the admin day song
hereby chants
liquidity crisis: who will buy?
five foot two
you are my sunshine
russia: palaces & polyushkes
keep the whole world singing
i am t-pain!
performing with manhattan transfer





     good old acappella by david-cowan




     let me call you sweetheart by melodie cowan



bessemer


putting my mouth where my money is
carbon reduction plan
bessemer tops midas list
more bessemer -->











sharethis





search this blog




















about me





david cowan


i'm a venture capital investor at bessemer venture partners, a father, an atheist, and a performing member of voices in harmony.also a trustee of the richard dawkins foundation for reason and science.


view my complete profile



personal stories


heracles' marathon
a sky spectacle
phone call from census
my benign addiction
a child shall lead them
more stories -->




@davidcowan

tweets by @davidcowan





do you have time for this?







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments











cool new stuff


eyephones will replace iphones
a sinfully joyful shave
favorite gadgets
how i lost 160 lb.
it's a smule world
cyber street-walkers
crashed your car?





























fine print

the thoughts and opinions expressed herein belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect those of bessemer venture partners or any of its affiliates (“bessemer”). the material here is written on the author’s own time for his own reasons, and bessemer has not reviewed or approved the information herein. any discussion of topics related to bessemer or its investment activities should not be construed as an official comment of bessemer.


















simple theme. powered by blogger.
























