




casahome
































skip to main content












who we are


board of directors


casa annual report




what we do


mission and vision




how to help


change a child's story!


become a casa


casa annual report


contact us




news and events


upcoming events


past events


light of hope









search

















menu






















              2025 light of hope sponsorships & tickets
            

thursday, april 10th, 2025






            click here for light of hope tickets & sponsorships!
          





 













              light of hope nomination link 2025
            

nominations being accepted now!






            nominate here
          





 













              become a casa!
            

are you interested in learning more about volunteering as a casa? drop us your info and we'll reach out!






            click here
          





 













              1,900 children are victims of abuse or neglect every day.
            

your donation will provide a safer atmosphere for children in need.






            give hope
          





 













              you have the power to make all the difference.
            

attend one of our upcoming events and get involved with casa today.






            view events
          





 












              we've moved!
            

133 samaritan drive, cumming, ga 30040





 





go to previous slide


go to next slide










donate now




get involved




get our newsletter




upcoming events




advocate login










this is casaour mission is simple, yet powerful: we empower children and families in crisis to change their narrative forever.


















events


















heidi snarey * executive director, casa forsyth county
our volunteers work diligently to be “the eyes and ears of the court,” and take advocating for these children very seriously.

















our impact this yearyou can help provide children with safety and stability. by donating to casa, you will help us recruit, train, and support volunteers who advocate for the best interest of children and ensure their needs are being met. our hope is that we can depend on you and the generosity of business and community leaders like you to help us achieve our vision of serving 100% of children in the child welfare system in forsyth county. with your help, we can meet our vision of a trained volunteer advocate, a safe home and a promising future for every child in need in our community.
 












donations 
$182,922




annual expenses
$565,500




children served
127




open cases
77




volunteers 
62










from the blog










february 17, 2025




                    finding the right fit for volunteering
                    














february 10, 2025




                    give love this valentine’s day
                    














february 3, 2025




                    commemorating black history month
                    






        
        view all blogs
        
      















our contributors







automation direct







choa







rotary club

















































beaver toyota







bagwell insurance 





















billy howell ford lincoln














bragg dental







banks septic







hansard insurance







handy hero







bryan properties







united way







acopia home loans







advanced dental







sawnee electric







advanced embroidery







kohl's cares







carper wealth management







mark heard fuel







stars and strikes







improving atl







troncalli







cumming rheumatology 







cmc trucking cindy mills







mellow mushroom 







jim n' nicks







fred's beds







southern oak provisions







cl burks







piedmont bank







northpoint mortgage







northside hospital







eat the frog







ingram funeral home







my forsyth 







corner farms





































casa of forsyth county




                  133 samaritan drive
                

                  suite 107
                

                  cumming, ga 30040
                



(678) 679-3838


fax
(678) 648-9486



8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
monday - friday by appointment only



 



volunteer links









optima




cprs login










follow us









facebook























          ©
          2025
           – 
          casa of forsyth county, inc.
           –
        

  crafted by firespring




privacy policy


privacy policy



what information do we collect?
when you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website.
personal information you choose to provide
we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your email address, postal address, home or work telephone number and other personal information for such purposes as correspondence, placing an order, requesting an estimate, or participating in online surveys.
if you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. we provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
website use information
similar to other websites, our site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "what are cookies?") and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the sites visited just before and just after ours. this information is collected on an aggregate basis. none of this information is associated with you as an individual.
how do we use the information that you provide to us?
broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing service and support and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. the lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of all personal information provided by our users. you may at any time to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
what are cookies?
cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. this makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the internet. cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
how do we use information collected from cookies?
we use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our users. this information assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our website to better meet the needs of our users and prospective users.
cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. the information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our website as they move from one page to another. web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our website and evaluate our website's visitor capacity. we do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you.
notice of new services and changes
occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. as a user of our website, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
how do we secure information transmissions?
when you send confidential personal information to us on our website, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. the information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our website.
other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. for that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as social security, credit card, or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
how do we protect your information?
information security -- we utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
evaluation of information protection practices -- periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with organization policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
employee access, training and expectations -- our organization values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of user information. in general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
how can you access and correct your information?
you may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us using the contact form provided to you within the site structure of our website.
do we disclose information to outside parties?
we may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
what about legally compelled disclosure of information?
we may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
permission to use of materials
the right to download and store or output the materials in our website is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without our express written permission is strictly prohibited. users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us directly.







terms & conditions


terms & conditions


donation refund policy

we are grateful for your donation and support of our organization. if you have made an error in making your donation or change your mind about contributing to our organization please contact us.  refunds are returned using the original method of payment. if you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.

automated recurring donation cancellation

ongoing support is important to enabling projects to continue their work, so we encourage donors to continue to contribute to projects over time. but if you must cancel your recurring donation, please notify us.
            



















who we are


board of directors


casa annual report




what we do


mission and vision




how to help


change a child's story!


become a casa


casa annual report


contact us




news and events


upcoming events


past events


light of hope












donate now




get involved




get our newsletter




upcoming events




advocate login







follow us









facebook






















menu close










