




markle associates


 markle
              associates  
  irish railway books and videos
          french narrow gauge railway videos
          site last updated 10 january 2024


  markle associates make and
            sell a range of books and videos on irish and french subjects.
 

dvds - click the page you wish
            to see from the table below.
irish railway archive series - 6 dvds covering
              cié, ir & ié from 1970s to around 2010
northern ireland railways archive - 4 dvds
              covering 1970s to around 2010
irish railway review series - 11 dvds, one a year
              2000 to 2011.
french narrow gauge - 2 dvds, one on public lines,
              one on 3 tourist lines.
how to order and where to buy 




book available now - 
 
irish railways line by
              line
volume 3 -
              dublin and the south east

          
railway photographer jim edgar has
            put together in this book a collection of his photos of irish
            railways between 1973 and 2012. volume three covers dublin and the
            south eest of ireland. starting in the dublin area at heuston
            station  and inchicore
            works, this volume covers the cork main line as far as ballybrophy
            before venturing to waterford via kilkenny. next the “south wexford”
            line between waterford and rosslare is visited, followed by a return
            to dublin, this time arriving at connolly station. the former sugar
            beet traffic along the south wexford line is featured. to show the
            development of the railway system over the years covered, there is
            also a short feature showing scenes from the start and end of the
            period. 
 
for all the changes we can see during the years covered
            by this book, some parts of the railway maintained the feel of a
            bygone era throughout the period. a wide range of passenger and
            goods trains feature, ranging from wooden bodied stock to modern air
            braked and air conditioned trains, and from loose coupled sugar beet
            wagons to container “liner” bogie freight trains. 
 
locos include the classes a (001), b (sulzer, 121
            141,181 and the first 201 class), 071 and the second 201 class.
 
103 photographs. includes a sketch map.
available now, price £11.50.

 
  
        to order by post or to find stockists, click
          on "how to order and where to buy" link above.
 





book available now (low stock) - 
 
irish railways line by
              line
volume 2 -
              the south west




railway
        photographer jim edgar has put together in this book a collection of his
        photos of irish railways between 1974 and 2008. volume two covers the
        south west of ireland, mainly counties cork, kerry, limerick and
        tipperary. for all the changes we can see during the years covered by
        this book, some parts of the railway maintained the feel of a bygone era
        throughout the period. a wide range of passenger and goods trains
        feature, ranging from wooden bodied stock to modern air braked and air
        conditioned trains, and from loose coupled goods wagons to bogie liner
        freight trains. 

        locos include the classes a (001), b (121 141,and 181), g and the second
        201 class.

        lines covered include the limerick to foynes route, the “north kerry”
        and “south kerry” lines on either side of tralee, limerick to waterford,
        the cork main line from ballybrophy to cork, cork to cobh and cobh
        junction to youghal.  

        104 colour photographs.

        includes a sketch map and a diagram of limerick junction.

        available now, price £11.50.

to order by post or to find stockists, click
          on "how to order and where to buy" link above.
 





book
            available now - 
 
irish railways line by line
volume 1 -
          dundalk to dublin and the west of ireland



railway photographer jim edgar has put together in this
        book a collection of his photos of irish railways between 1974 and 2008.
        volume one covers the dundalk line and its branches, plus the west of
        ireland. for all the changes we can see during the years covered by this
        book, some parts of the railway maintained the feel of a bygone era
        throughout the period. a wide range of passenger and goods trains
        feature, ranging from wooden bodied stock to modern air braked and air
        conditioned trains, and from loose coupled wagons to bogie liner freight
        trains. locos include the classes a (001), b (121 141,and 181), c (first
        201 class), e and the second 201 class.


locations covered include:- ardee, ardrahan, attymon,
        attymon junction, balbriggan, balla, ballina, ballyhaunis, 
          ballymote, beauparc, birdhill, boyle, castlerea, castletown,
        clara, claremorris, clonmel, clonsilla, collooney, donabate, drogheda,
        dromin junction, dromod, dublin, dundalk, dunsandle, enfield, 
          ennis, foxford, galway, geashill, gormanston, hill of down,
        killucan, kilmastulla, kiltimagh, kingscourt, knockcroghery, liffey
        junction, loughrea, manulla junction, maynooth, mostrim, mullingar,
        navan, nenagh, nobber, oranmore, roscommon, roscrea, silvermines, sligo,
        swinford, tuam and tullamore.  


99 photographs, 97 in colour and two in black and white.
includes a sketch map.

volume 1 now sold out. 




dvd available now -
 irish archive volume 8 - tara to clara

 this dvd is yet
          another delve into the recordings made by irish railway enthusiasts.  
 
 this time it
          covers the period 1987 to 2012.
 with most irish
          passenger trains now in the hands of railcars, we thought it would be
          the right time to savour an era when the locomotive was king.
  there is a
          major feature on the   tara mines trains, ireland’s only remaining mineral traffic
          carried by rail. we also see, coverage of our exploits recording
          trains in the twilight “the starburst years”, views of   cement traffic, now lost to rail. the ie  
          relaying trains 
using donelli system are put under the microscope, both
          in detail in their latest version and back in 1987 when we found an
          earlier version in operation on the cork main line. we also pay a
          visit to   attymon and dunsandle  in county galway,
          where the latter now hosts a small collection of railway exhibits, and
          finally we look in at   clara, where freight and passenger trains still
          pound past the single platform.  
 this video
          features coverage of the following locations - alexandra road tramway
          in dublin, attymon, beauparc, birdhill, buttevant, cherryville
          junction, clara, drogheda, duleek, dundrum, dunsandle, east wall
          junction, howth junction, kilsheelan, limerick junction, navan, port
          laoise, rush and lusk, sallins and naas, and tara mines.
 
 this dvd is made in widescreen (16 x 9 or 14 x 9)
        format.
 

        running time about 69 minutes approx. price £16.95. available now.
 

price £16.95. post and packing £1 per order
        (uk) £3 per order (outside uk)

       



to order by post or to find stockists, click
        on "how to order and where to buy" link above.
 

 latest
 1. price and postage
all books are £1.50 postage to uk and £4.00 outside
        uk.
if you are in ireland you may wish to consider buying
        the books from the railway preservation society of ireland shop. you can
        find that at www.steamtrainsireland.com/shop where the books
        will be added as they are available in the shop. by doing this you will
        be making a contribution to the rpsi's funds.

all dvds are now £16.95 (except narrow gauge france
        and corsica 1&2 which is £18.95 for a double dvd). uk dvd postage
        currently £1.00. we now have to pay £3.00 for dvd postage to europe and
        £3.50 for north america and australia. note that this is still per
        order, and not per dvd, so the more you buy in one order, the less the
        postage cost for each one.

 2. payments

you can browse this site without buying anything. if
        you wish to buy, please e-mail
        us with what you want. then we send you an e-mail with a link to pay by
        credit card, bank transfer, or by "paypal". or, you can order by post
        and enclose a cheque in £ sterling - overseas customers can buy a
        sterling cheque at many post offices.

you do not need a "paypal" account to pay online by
        credit card. if you do have a paypal account you can use the "send
        money" option instead. this allows you to order and pay in one operation
        - this is the quickest method to use. remember to indicate exactly which
        items you require. they will be sent to your address as soon as
        possible.
 
      clicking the link above marked "how to order and where
        to buy" gives a list of stores and mail order outlets in various
        locations.

  if you wish to contact markle
          associates video:  
 we are not a
        big company, there is really just one person and we are happy to talk
        about things, so do not be put off. sometimes you may get the answering
        machine when you phone but keep on and leave a message. often i will
        pick up if i am here.
 send
          us an email using this link or
          if you are having problems with that e-mail address send a message
          to:- marklejim&aol.com  (replacing
          the &
          symbol with the usual symbol for at - 
          @ - we have to write it this way
          on the website because of spam problems), making it clear please in
          the message title that you are responding from this web page. another
          address is
            jim&markle.co.uk. replace the & with an @ if you are
          entering that address by hand.

or
          write to:  
 markle associates,
          7 welltower park,
          ayton,
          berwickshire, scotland,
          td14 5rr
          telephone: 0189 07 81991  
 we are usually able to answer the phone between
        10:00 and 19:00, monday to friday. if you get an answering machine just
        leave a message and we will ring you back soon.
 spam - we have confused the e-mail address above to
        avoid spam, please put in an @ if you wish to e-mail us.
 we use an anti-spam system. if we have not replied
        to your e-mail within a reasonable time, please keep up the fight and
        send a simple e-mail with a railway title and a few words of text in it.
        we will e-mail you back asap. if all else fails you can phone us on 0189 07 81991. from outside
        the uk the number is +44 189 07 81991. 


