





shinglerecycling.org – from rooftops to roadways

























































skip to content






 







resources
end markets
find a recycler
join us

events

shingle recycling forum
c&d world


cdra


contact us
 

 

resources
end markets
find a recycler
join us

events

shingle recycling forum
c&d world


cdra


contact us
 






 





















 








from rooftops to roadways 



how shingle recycling is 
redefining an industry 






learn more












who we are 



shinglerecycling.org: the most comprehensive online resource for asphalt shingle recycling 



millions of tons of asphalt shingle waste end up in our landfills every year, where they can take up to 400 years to decompose.beyond the wasteful environmental impacts, this represents an economic opportunity waiting to be seized.shinglerecycling.org aims to increase north america’s asphalt shingle recycling rate and to be at the forefront of an industry with significant growth potential.shinglerecycling.org is a resource created by the construction & demolition recycling association (cdra) aimed at promoting the responsible recycling of recycled asphalt shingles (ras). 






 learn more 










since 2009, over 16 million tons of shingle waste have been recycled into asphalt roads. at 1.067 million tons per year, this is only a fraction of the shingle waste generated.with your help, we intend to change that.as a member of the cdra, you’ll gain access to exclusive resources, industry insights, and a network of experts committed to advancing shingle recycling. 






join the cdra today





























 









 





learn more about cdra events and expert committees and build connections that will empower you to make a real impact in the industry. 






become a member













why does it matter 



the market for recycled asphalt shingles is growing 



ras represents an emerging market that satisfies the increasing demand for environmentally-friendly solutions.market participants who start now will position themselves as leaders and change-makers. 






 learn more 










the epa estimates 15.1 million tons of shingle waste is generated annually in the u.s, contributing to environmental challenges and carbon emission reduction opportunities:asphalt shingles don’t biodegrade and can persist in landfills for centuries.the carbon emissions reduction potential through asphalt shingle recycling is equivalent to removing over 327,000 vehicles from our roads annually.shingle recycling reduces the need for virgin materials like asphalt and aggregate in roadways, lowering greenhouse gas emissions equal to nearly 375,000 homes.take the next step by joining the cdra, where you’ll collaborate with industry leaders, access cutting-edge research, and be recognized for your contributions to a greener future. 


































industry giants pushing this initiative 



it takes a community to make this happen, from contractor to homeowner to hot mix asphalt plants (hma).by joining forces with industry leaders, you can be part of a movement by driving sustainability one roof at a time.connect with top manufacturers, stay ahead of industry trends, and position your business at the forefront of innovation. 






join the movement












what it means for you 



as demand for sustainable solutions grows, so does the opportunity to make a lasting impact. 








 
enhance brand reputation: position your business as a leader in sustainability, appealing to environmentally conscious clients and partners.



 
increase profit margins: tap into a growing market for recycled materials and create new revenue streams.



 
stay ahead of regulations: gain insider knowledge on emerging regulations and industry trends, ensuring compliance and avoiding costly penalties.











 
access exclusive resources: leverage specialized tools, research, and networking opportunities available only to cdra members, driving innovation and growth.



 
expand your network connect with industry leaders, innovators, and potential partners who are shaping the future of construction and demolition recycling.






 









 



find a recycler near you 






click to find a recycler













contact us today 



shinglerecycling.org is your online resource for all aspects of asphalt shingle recycling.your cdra membership connects you with an expert community dedicated to building a legacy of sustainability and innovation.don’t miss out on the chance to be part of a community that’s driving change in the construction and demolition industry.join the cdra today and start making a difference. 





please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form. 
phone email layout


name *phone *email *message *submit 











sponsors: 





 





 












 




									* this website was created through the collaborative efforts of the cdra’s shingle recycling committee, with invaluable support from our contributing members, including certainteed and dan horton, asr systems. thank you to dem-con and a1 service group for generously providing images and video for the website.								





contact 



phone: 866.758.4721 
fax: 312.644.8557 
info@shinglerecycling.org
 





navigate 



resourcesend marketsfind a recyclerjoin usshingle recycling forumc&d worldcdracontact us 









© 2004-2025 construction & demolition recycling association. all rights reserved. 





powered by paradigm creative group 














































