






nationwide event management - metroconnections



































































homecapabilitiesstrategic planningcreative servicesevent managementstage productionincentive programsexperiencesin-personhybridvirtualworkin-person eventshybrid + virtual eventsaboutour teamblogcareersconnect




 



nationwide event managementpremier experiences. exceptional service.see hownationwide event managementpremier experiences. exceptional service.see howways we connect.conference and event experiencesexecution is the difference. in today's landscape, hosting a high-profile conference or event can be daunting and complex. we'll work with your team from start to finish, analyzing every detail to coordinate and execute a plan that delivers maximum impact while leaving nothing to chance. 01 / 04make a connectionsetting the stagereach your audience. our unparalleled stage production and creative content services will help your brand make a dynamic impression. we have the tools and expertise to ensure you create lasting connections with your audience at your next user conference, executive summit, or star-studded gala. 02 / 04make a connectioninnovative technologyweb based solutions that drive results. take your products and services to the next level of engagement by leveraging our vex pro™ virtual environments solution. we bring a customized experience to deliver your products and services through digital connections while tracking the results.
03 / 04make a connectionvirtual destinationsconnect your audience from anywhere.we take the confusion and complication out of virtual platforms. our solutions will help you eliminate malfunctioning videos, frozen slides, or "you're on mute" moments. 04 / 04 make a connectionget the latest news, insights, and tools from the metroconnections community.metroc blogbringing brands and audiences together.we immerse ourselves in your brand to strategically craft in-person, hybrid , and virtual event experiences that connect you with your audience.a diverse team of 
event specialists.from event production and collateral, all the way to stage design and transportation — our award-winning team of planners, designers, and producers has you covered every step of the way.




see what we do


























nationwide event management401 cliff road e
burnsville, mn 55337email newsletter

email


 













connect with usinfo@metroconnections.com
1.800.747.8687workaboutcareersblogsearchsubmitclear


























401 cliff road e
burnsville, mn 55337connect with usinfo@metroconnections.com
1.800.747.8687workaboutcareersblog© 2022 metroconnectionsprivacy policyterms and conditionsdesign by alc · development by hafiprivacy policyterms and conditions© 2022 metroconnectionsdesign by alc · development by hafi




























homecapabilitiesoverviewstrategic planningcreative servicesevent managementstage productionincentive programsexperiencesoverviewin-personhybridvirtualworkin-person eventshybrid + virtual eventsaboutoverviewteamblogcareersconnect with uscall1.800.747.8687emailinfo@metroconnections.comconnect
 
 
































