























homepage | discovery museum













































    skip to main content
  

























visit


 





plan your visit




events & programs




exhibits




exhibit guides




ways to save




accessibility




especially for me




discovery store




gift passes and memberships







education


 





traveling science workshops




field trips




student activity supplements




discovery soundbites—coming soon!




discovery at home




discover da vinci




grandparent discoveries blog




video series: ready to play







about


 





mission & philosophy




access for all: open door connections




newsroom




board of directors & advisory committees




contact & staff directory




annual reports




jobs & volunteer opportunities




plans & progress: sustainability, strategic plan, deai







support us


 





how to give




business & corporate




planned giving




discover what's next!












calendar


parties & rentals


visitor photos






become a member







selectlanguage




















search




















homepage









we will be open on monday, feb 17 for presidents' day and throughout vacation week from 9am to 4:30pm. reservations are no longer required nor accepted, thank you. 










 








discovery museum awarded the nation's highest museum honor


this prestigious award honors institutions that make significant and exceptional contributions to their communities. we are deeply honored and very proud!


read the announcement










 








free friday nights!


visit the first friday night of each month—every friday night in summer!—with free admission 4:30 to 8:00pm. we gladly accept non-perishable food donations for local pantries.










 








especially for me!


we offer special free admission hours for families with children with an asd, hearing or vision loss, sensory sensitivities and more, because we want every child to be able to visit.


it's for me!










 








play and explore in discovery woods


our 550-square foot, fully accessible treehouse and surrounding nature playscape will get you playing outside—12 months a year!


let's explore










 








play matters


great play is what every kid needs, and every kid deserves.


learn why










 








science | nature | play


the museum combines the best steam exhibits from our original two museums—for little kids, big kids, and adults—and much more!


see what's here










play matters

our philosophy starts with the simple belief that kids are capable of incredible things. our job is to nurture that ability; our goal is to support kids’ healthy development. play is how kids learn—here, it is in both a steam-rich environment and inviting outdoor experience.

 our mission



today’s hours



9:00am to 4:30pmreservations no longer accepted





 plan your visit








 







visit for just $13 after 1pm on most weekday afternoons!


now through march 28, visit the museum after 1:00pm and pay just $13! holidays and school vacation weeks excluded. 


ways to save







 







host your party with us!


birthday parties are back at discovery museum! host your child's birthday party or other special event in the museum and our newly renovated and expanded community building for a fun and memorable event! 


learn more







 







discover what's next!


select a date to join us at a reception with our ceo to learn about the results of our community research and our vision for the future as we launch our 2025-2027 strategic plan. 


learn more









events & programs
seecalendar









 







be a data scientist


sunday, february 16 through wednesday, february 19 | 10:00am to 2:00pm


 how tall are discovery museum visitors? what kind of pets do they have? learn the answers to these questions and more as we play with data. we’ll use. . .



















mon
feb
17




be a data scientist


10:00am
 to 2:00pm













tue
feb
18




be a data scientist


10:00am
 to 2:00pm













wed
feb
19




be a data scientist


10:00am
 to 2:00pm













thu
feb
20




dream city


10:00am
 to 2:00pm

















latest news
see allnews









 






discovery museum announces 2025 scholarship program


 open to high school juniors and seniors in ma, funds can be used for any educational or developmental experience





















 







grandparent discoveries blog

how to read to your grandchildren


cheryl beaudoin



 educators are always looking for the best ways to support learning for a wide range of students. currently there is a great deal of focus in the literacy space about how best to teach children to read. there is a “science of reading” approach that supports a phonics and cognitive-based instructional. . .













an award-winning destination


 



 



 



 



 

























                  177 main street (route 27)
                  acton, massachusetts 01720
phone: 978-264-4200
fun@discoveryacton.org

©2025 discovery museum | site credits

                  discovery museum is a community-supported nonprofit organization.
                

website accessibility





stay in touch



facebook




instagram




youtube




linkedin







email address












support thediscovery museum


become a member

request passes for your fundraiser



                  we appreciate the support of our work by the institute for museum and library services and cummings foundation. thank you!
                
































