





















home | delaware dems



















      skip to main content
    



















main navigation


dsc 2025


store


news/events



press releases


blog


upcoming events


submit an event


1st state dinner




our party



our platform



working class economics


economic fairness


removing barriers to opportunity


government transparency


climate change and environmental justice


provide quality affordable education


health and safety of delawareans


making delaware a safe place for all its residents


support troops and care for veterans




state party leadership


county parties


caucuses & clubs


votebuilder faq


chair's club members


jobs & internships


deldems abroad




our democrats



federal elected officials


statewide elected officials


state senate


state house


2024 candidates




get involved


party documents




header buttons


donate




social menu


facebook


instagram


twitter








home
















state senate special electionslearn more about the february 15th special elections in districts 1 and 5







register to vote


registration lookup, vote by mail ballot & absentee requests









volunteer


volunteers win elections. can you pick up the phone and call your neighbor, knock on doors, educate your community about issues that matter?










sign up for email updates






welcome to the delaware democratic party


we, the democratic party of delaware, dedicate ourselves to maintaining and improving our leadership in government. we encourage participation of all delawareans - those in our party, those seeking affiliation, and those who have a broad thirst for ensuring equality for all. we support candidates that promote personal freedom, economic and educational opportunity, efficient and effective government, and justice for all. we believe that cooperation is better than conflict, unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls. through these principles, we can preserve and create a stable and thriving delaware.our platformmembershipdelegate selectioncontribute








get involved


sign up to volunteer with delaware democrats


register to vote


shop the official dedp store







upcoming events





saturday, february 15, 2025
 10:30
 - 11:30am
wilmington 3rd ward committee meeting
monday, february 17, 2025
 7
 - 8pm
8th ward committee 2025 reorganization meeting
monday, february 17, 2025
 7
 - 8pm
31st rep district democratic committee meeting




view more events | submit an event











in the news













press release

delaware democratic party names 2025 party platform committee
delaware democratic party names 2025 party platform committeenew castle - in the lead-up to the 2025 democratic state convention state party rules require the appointment of a platform drafting committee. earlier today state party chair, betsy maron, named the co-chairs and members of the party's 2025 platform committee. the committee is made up of delaware democrats from across the first state and reflects the diverse tapestry of those who call delaware home.

     
				february 01, 2025 
	






press release

in memory of john d. daniello
 

a statement on the passing of former delaware democratic party chair john daniello.

     
				january 09, 2025 
	





media center

















support delaware democrats!


donate to defeat trump and elect democrats across delaware

$5
$25
$50
$100
$250
other







sign up for our email list


 









action menu


volunteer


register to vote


donate





 



main navigation


dsc 2025


store


news/events


our party


our democrats


get involved


party documents






delaware state democratic party 

p.o. box 2065 | wilmington, de 19899

(302) 328-9036 - new castle office
delaware@deldems.org






paid for by the delaware democratic party
not authorized by any candidate or candidate committee www.deldems.org
© all rights reserved.












