


montreal yoga studio - yogaspace | kripalu, pregnancy, mom and baby yoga



















































mindful yoga &  yoga nidra and mamabe® pregnancy yoga, childbirth preparation, and mama baby yoga... classes and workshops taught by clearlight gerald, ma, c-iayt, e-ryt500, rpyt, a professional-level, certified  yoga therapist who specializes in women's health and wellbeing, and founder of mamabe. notre site est aussi offert en français.

welcome to  the winter 2025 practices and workshops
enjoy both studio and livestream classes, as well as a full library of on-demand practices.














pregnancy yoga classes will help you meet the challenges of pregnancy and birth with strength, confidence and calm, and are open to women in their second and third trimesters. 

												join the next, in-studio series of mamabe pregnancy yoga  classes starting on january 19, 2025. learn more and register here.

												you can practice mamabe pregnancy yoga from the comfort of your own home with a wide selection of on-demand practices. gain unlimited access and practice today. don't miss the specialized video series of practices, one for second trimester, and the other series for third trimester, as well as prenatal breathing practices, meditations and more! transform your experience of pregnancy and birth.

online article — barrie risman recently interviewed clearlight and asked her which yoga practices are most beneficial in pregnancy, which should be avoided, and more... read the interview here.


in this program couples workshop: preparing for childbirth with movement & breath, expectant couples learn and practice breathing and movement specifically for labour and childbirth to encourage a supportive and positive childbirth experience.      

												mark your calendar! stay tuned for the next in-person childbirth preparation workshop.
 
													visit yogaspace's very own collection of birth stories written by women who have taken our prenatal yoga classes, and who have generously shared the details of their unique labours and delivery experiences with us.


mama and baby yoga provides an opportunity to regain core strength and flexibility, to practice baby massage, and to meet other moms and babies! fun, informal, the babies are the 'bosses' in this class!

												enjoy a library of over one hundred on-demand mama & baby yoga classes, with specialized intruction in how to safely and effectively navigate the postpartum period.  practices for your wellbeing, physically and emotionally.

										      the yogaspace prenatal & postnatal resources page has a selective listing of montreal groups and health resources for expectant and new moms.


read our growing collection of fascinating, gripping and beautiful birth stories written by montreal mothers and fathers.

									        these stories illustrate how each labour and childbirth is truly unique – and also provide a forum in which we learn from each other.
 

specialized private sessions in fertility yoga to support your overall wellbeing, to reduce stress and to help create favorable circumstances to invite pregnancy  with or without reproductive assistance.

fertility yoga is offered as a series of private meetings with each session being tailored to your own individual needs and circumstances. these sessions include dialogue, breathing exercises, gentle yoga (accessible and adaptable to all bodies), and guided meditation. your unique needs are first assessed in order to provide you with specific, personalized yoga and meditation practices that will vary each week, depending where you are in your cycle. in addition, each session always includes practices to directly improve your overall felt sense of wellbeing.
   



                                            come practice together at the new location on the corner of monkland and girouard in ndg/montréal. 

                                            join clearlight for in-studio classes that begin on january 19, 2025. choose from a 6-class series of pregnancy yoga or a 6-class series of mindful yoga practices. learn more and register here.

                                            weekly live, online yoga and meditation classes are  ongoing this winter 2025.  experience these special gatherings for yourself. read more and sign-up on the clearlight.ca website. 


clearlight’s mindful yoga classes offer a mindful approach to asanas (postures), practical core-strengthening work, balancing breathing exercises, and relaxation with meditation, all to cultivate the many benefits of yoga - including strength, flexibility, calm and overall well-being. 

these classes are a synthesis of kripalu hatha yoga, pilates-inspired bodywork, and nondual wisdom teachings as embodied by bodysensing and yoga nidra meditation.


join the 2025 mindful yoga livestream weekly classes. practice in community in the comfort of your own home, we meet each monday at 7:45 pm and friday at 12 noon. 

join the winter 2025 series of in-studio classes, beginning january 19th! 




clearlight's yoga nidra is an accessible form of meditation for those seeking deep relaxation and wellbeing, and an effective way to cope with everyday stress.


								              the practice of yoga nidra and the nondual wisdom teachings inform and inspire clearlight's teachings, and all of the classes she offers at yogaspace. 

								              we gather monthly to talk a bit about a specific theme , and then explore that theme in a new irest yoga nidra meditation. meditations are added to the practice library, and include meditations to reduce stress and anxiety, tor sleep better, to improve emotional resilience and to access innate wisdom and insight. 


 join us for live, monthly yoga nidra gatherings and receive unlimited access to the growing library of yoga nidra practices.


								              you can view the class calendar on the classes page and learn more about  registration on our rates page.



								              read more about clearlight gerald. she has been teaching these classes and  private sessions since 1999. for any questions, please call or contact us.



									          receive news of special events and new classes by joining the yogaspace newsletter. the newsletter is sent out approximately 4 times annually. 


• on the resources page for pregnancy & new moms you will find an extensive list of contacts including montreal doulas, montreal massage therapists, montreal breast feeding support groups, and many more.
• visit our west island perinatal resource page for expectant and new mamas on the west island and in the vaudreuil area.
 


 

 










main   |   classes   |   workshops  |   resources   |   site map   |   contact





























visit our sister site - clearlight.ca
featuring monthly memberships for online yoga classes

new — get free yoga online with a free 10-day  trial at clearlight.ca
 
© 1999 - 2024 yogaspace.com / yogaspace.ca

											all rights reserved - drawing © 2001, by julie maas
yogaspace studio - montreal yoga studio
site by futura studios































