



	construction staffing agency for skilled tradesmen - grus personnel



















grus personnel





about
employment
contractors
testimonials

job search

search all jobs
boilermaker jobs
carpenter jobs
crane operator jobs
electrician jobs
equipment operator jobs
hvac jobs
instrumentation tech jobs
ironworker jobs
millwright jobs
pipefitter jobs
plumbing jobs
welder jobs



resources

employment notices
skilled tradesmen
how to become an electrician


blogs


register
log in






construction personnel by grus
commercial and industrial contractors nationwide are benefiting from the convenience and expertise of the recruiting service provided by grus. grus interviews, hires and employs skilled craftsmen for both commercial and industrial contractors.
learn more about grus »
















why choose grus construction personnel?
why choose grus construction personnel?
grus is succeeding as the #1 construction staffing firm in the country. grus interviews qualified tradesmen all day, every day. visit our choose personnel page to read and choose profiles of available craftsmen with the skill set to match your needs. sort the list of available personnel by distance to your jobsite. our skilled tradesmen have years of experience in commercial and industrial construction. telephone us now or request a quote and let us start working for you.
grus is succeeding as the #1 construction staffing firm in the country. grus interviews qualified tradesmen all day, every day. visit our choose personnel page to read and choose profiles of available craftsmen with the skill set to match your needs. sort the list of available personnel by distance to your jobsite or by years of experience. telephone us now or request a quote and let us start working for you.





why is grus #1 in construction staffing?
grus has the ability to notify hundreds, even thousands of skilled craftsmen immediately with the skills matching your current commercial and industrial labor needs. telephone us now or request a quote and let us start working for you.





industrial and commercial construction
industrial and commercial construction
for over 25 years industrial and commercial construction and manufacturing companies have relied on grus construction personnel. grus can send you proven craftsmen with outstanding performance evaluations or recruit and dispatch new hires with the skills you need for your temp to perm or permanent positions.





the grus workforce
commercial and industrial contractors nationwide are benefiting from the convenience and expertise of the recruiting service provided by grus. grus interviews, hires and employs skilled craftsmen for both commercial and industrial contractors.





let us work for you!
grus maintains a large, full-time work force and a continuous stream of skilled applicants to staff your positions. we have personnel who will travel to out-of-town job sites. workers are billed at varied wage levels to reflect their current abilities and to complete your project without unnecessary expense. grus is an active member of the associated builder & contractors association (abc). we are committed to the success of the construction industry. telephone us now or request a quote and let us start working for you.
grus maintains a large, full-time work force and a continuous stream of skilled applicants to staff your positions. we have personnel who will travel to out-of-town job sites. workers are billed at varied wage levels to reflect their current abilities and to complete your project without unnecessary expense. grus is an active member of the associated builder & contractors association (abc). telephone us now or request a quote and let us work for you.





previous



next








employment

apply now
view jobs
what can registered applicants do on the grus website?


                        we are accepting applications for a wide variety of trades. apply now and then choose from our available jobs for immediate consideration. creating your own login with your own username and password will allow you ongoing access to update your availability and contact information.
                    

learn more »








grus hot job alert

                        once a position is posted that fits your profile, a hot job alert text message will be automatically sent to your phone and/or email account. sign up for these alerts and be the first to get the best jobs. many of our positions are paying overtime and perdiem with long duration. you find better jobs when you get job offers from the top contractors in the country. grus clients frequently offer permanent positions with good pay and benefits.
                    


signup now »








contractors

get quotes
choose personnel
what can contractors do on the grus website?


                        join forces with a construction recruitment firm that was formed by journeymen who have experienced first hand your circumstances and jobsite conditions. give us the opportunity to demonstrate a more successful experience staffing your jobs. grus works hard to be the country's premier construction staffing company.
                    

learn more »








view construction jobs



check back frequently if you don't see your trade listed here. we are adding new jobs daily. sign up for grus hot job alerts to receive job notifications via email and/or text message.






















































© 2025 - grus personnel v2.6.5


unsubscribe


site map














