






cfms – california federation of mineralogical societies – california lapidary and rockhounding clubs


















































skip to content




cfms – california federation of mineralogical societies
california lapidary and rockhounding clubs













cfms home 

welcome to the california federation of mineralogical societies website. as a 501(3)(c) non-profit organization we represent mineralogical and lapidary clubs in california, nevada, and hawaii. we are affiliated with the a.f.m.s. – the american federation of mineralogical societies


the objective and purpose of the federation is to disseminate knowledge of mineralogy and the earth sciences and to encourage study in these subjects. to achieve that objective, we:

represent associations of mineralogical societies, incorporated and unincorporated and their members as a means of encouraging further knowledge of geology, mineralogy, and rocks.
provide exhibits with samples of rocks and minerals from various locations within california, nevada, and hawaii.
provide educational video programs that can be requested by societies to supplement their educational monthly programs.
provide a list of educational speakers on lapidary and mineralogical topics for societies to draw on to provide programs via zoom or other presentation platforms.
provide field trips for all societies to attend for exploration, study, and collection of specimens.
provide a monthly newsletter to the societies with information about the ongoing activities and services available for member societies.
maintain a scholarship program which provides financial assistance to qualified students majoring in the earth sciences or lapidary and jewelry arts.
provide classes in lapidary and jewelry arts.
encourage fostering the interest of geology, mineralogy among young people.
hold an annual gem and mineral show for the public to promote knowledge of rocks, gems, and minerals.
support public museums with displays of minerals and lapidary arts.
provide to the california federation of mineralogical societies member societies a public liability insurance program for its members covering field trips, shows, meetings, etc.

upcoming cfms club shows and are listed in the shows tab.

our officers for 2025!

susan chaisson-walblom – president
diane cook – 1st vice president
frank van hecke – 2nd vice president
bob papac – treasurer
laura driskell- secretary


 
 
 


 
rock & gem magazine is offering a special subscription discount deal to any and all members of clubs and societies affiliated with afms, with a portion of the subscription income to be sent to the afms endowment fund. 


a win-win-win with rock & gem
subscribe & support both r&g & afms—& get a discount for yourself!by jim brace-thompson, afms 4th vp & public relations chair
rock & gem has long been recognized as the officially endorsed hobby magazine of afms and,by extension, the seven regional federations and their member clubs. the editor there, pam freeman, isoffering a special deal to members of local gem and mineral societies affiliated with afms. it’s a win-win-win deal in that rock & gem gets subscribers, we subscribers get a 61% discount, and afms gets a15% commission on each subscription that will go into the endowment fund. this deal applies to bothnew and renewing subscriptions and has been approved and endorsed by the afms executive board,who designated me to serve as the liaison between afms and rock & gem.rock & gem has produced a “rock & gem/afms subscription” flyer/order form (link below) to ensure that a portion of your payment goes to afms. those preferring to order online can use the qr code included on the flyer that can be scanned with your cell phone. by the way, the same deal applies to any subscriptions you might sell to members of the general public by having copies of the flyer/order form at, say, a take-one table at your annual club show. i can also send this form in pdf format as an attachment; email me at jbraceth@roadrunner.com. 
here’s to supporting our official hobby magazine as it, in turn, supports us as individuals and as afederation!
r&g-flyer afms subscription program-revised


 
mailing address: cfms, p.o. box 1657, rialto, ca 92377-1657







cfms member clubs list
shows
newsletters
cfms history
insurance forms
cfms show and forms
forms and cfms documents
roster (password protected)
cfms bylaws (password protected)
program speakers available for zoom meetings
submit a show
cfms bulletin contest
rockhound of the year
camp zzyzx
camp paradise
cfms website contest
cfms field trips (password protected)
fra / youth home

join the fra
starting a youth program
fra badge program
resources for youth materials
kids show activities
organization of youth programs
fra rock stars
fra honor roll
juniors achievement award


chairman’s manual
opregs
all-american & website contest forms
visual programs
program speakers and resources
 



cfms – california federation of mineralogical societies
privacy policy 
					proudly powered by wordpress				










