






mary sheedy kurcinka, parenting advice, author of raising your spirited child 



































home


about

about mary
her education
her books
speaking & private consults
media appearances & articles
other websites feature



books

overview
raising your spirited baby
raising your spirited child
raising your spirited child workbook
kids, parents and power struggles
sleepless in america



consults


speaking


resources

videos & podcasts
recommended products



blog


contact




















new and fully revised
latest stories & tools to empower you to stop meltdowns, bedtime & other daily battles.  










now available!
a breakthrough guide to thriving when your baby is alert, intense and struggles to sleep.  order today!










you are not alone
over 35 years helping families, dr. mary can help yours.  you are not alone.  sign up for free parenting tips!












mary's books








"new, fully updated! after 25 years helping families just like yours, i am able to give you the most empowering tools ever." -dr. mary read more









"dr. mary's latest research and strategies will allow me to provide clear, useful guidance."  —marjorie hogan, md, professor of pediatrics, university of minnesota read more









"due to your book alone, we were able to eliminate 90% of the length of time of temper tantrums, and we are very close to preventing the tantrums completely." -ann read more









"i have given copies of your book to any parent that confides in me that they are at their wit's end. i tell them, 'it will change your life,' because that's what it did for me and my family." -jennifer read more









"my eight-year-old is sleeping probably the best he ever has in his life."  -cindy read more








welcome


dr. mary is an internationally recognized parent educator, and best-selling author with over one million books in print. her work has been translated into 24 languages. she holds a doctorate in education focusing her research on spirited infants and children, sleep, and family systems.  she also graduated with honors with a master’s degree in family social science and a bachelor’s degree in child development and early childhood education.
now she is delighted to announce the publication of her new book, raising your spirited baby: a breakthrough guide to thriving when your baby is more... alert and intense and struggles to sleep. (see my 90 second, announcement video)
it joins her previous best sellers raising your spirited child, now in its third edition, kids, parents and power struggles, sleepless in america, is your child misbehaving or missing sleep and the raising your spirited child workbook. all can be purchased from local bookstores and on-line at amazon.
raising your spirited baby is a gentle and encouraging guide to communicating with and supporting your baby. if you have ever been told or considered your baby to be "fussy" or "high need", this is a must have book for you.  it is helpful to all parents. you will love this breakthrough guide to thriving with your baby. it respects and cares for both of you. you are not alone!
licensed as a parent educator by the state of minnesota, dr. mary’s has been providing parents private behavior and sleep consultations, teaching classes and keynoting conferences for over 35 years. her “progress not perfection” philosophy and practical parent-tested approach have soundly stood the test of time and helped millions of families thrive.  
dr. mary’s work has also been recognized by national and international media sources. she has been a guest and contributor to good morning america, good morning canada, the new york times, parents magazine, usa weekend, working mother and american baby to name just a few.




news and information



resources



learn more

a breakthrough guide to thriving when your baby is alert, intense and struggles to sleep.
  
   read more





revised!

 "raising your spirited child” has now been fully revised with even more helpful insights, stories, heartfelt support and tools to empower you. read more





                          parenting tips! 
                        
every week we post parenting tips on either our facebook page or our blog. check out the latest tips on children's sleep, tantrums, power struggles, discipline, child development, temperament, spirited children and keeping your cool when your child is losing theirs. we're always open for more suggestions, so feel free to send them our way using our contact page.
weekly parenting tips!
get dr. mary’s and lynn’s free, weekly, parenting tips in your email. 
signup here





follow us on facebook

...and receive bi-weekly parenting tips! or visit our facebook site. read more





                          parent support group 
                        
in addition, facebook has a group page started by and for the parents of "spirited children".  the group is a closed group (but still accepting new members) where parents look for advice and support from other parents.  feel free to check it out using the link below.
spirited child parent support group




consultations & classes






private baby and child behavior and sleep consultations

dr. mary has helped hundreds of families just like yours.  she provides private consultations on both infant and child behavior and sleep issues.  a one-hour personal session, via phone or zoom, gives your family an opportunity to discuss the specific issues you are facing.  you will work directly with dr. mary to develop a targeted plan that works for your family. within 24 hours you will receive a written summary of your discussion and your plan.  if you have ever been told or considered your baby to be "fussy" or "high need", dr. mary can help you.
"in just one hour on the phone, we were able to gain an entirely new perspective on the issues we were having. you gave us real tools and ideas that we could apply immediately."  -jason
read more








classes, webinars and workshops

for over 35 years dr. mary has provided parenting workshops and keynotes throughout the world.  she has a large number of offerings and customizes or creates each session so that it meets the specifics needs of her audience.   dr. mary’s speaking style brings audiences to life as they laugh and learn the essentials for effective parenting.
“mary, i am so appreciative of how you customized your information and remarks to our audience.  you brought important information to the group with humor and poise.  the audience was mesmerized and we got excellent feedback.”  -merri
read more




blog highlights






parenting questions fordr. mary & lynn






february 8, 2025



happy valentines week!!

 
nurture the "roses" in your life.  with your care and support, they can achieve their full potential and become the kind of people our world needs. 
 dr. mary
more info





february 4, 2025



why is my child suddenly clingy?

what’s happening? why children suddenly cling, don’t want to be alone, or refuse to dress, walk or feed themselves.
more info





january 29, 2025



why you should respond fast to your spirited baby

search the internet and you’ll repeatedly find the advice; babies must learn to self soothe. to teach self-soothing skills the advisers insist you must wait before responding to your infant’s cries. you on the other hand know from experience that if you wait to respond to your spirited baby, she becomes so upset she remains awake for the next hour or more! your instinct is to respond quickly. let me explain why your instinct is right on! 
more info


view more









dr. mary's appearances include: 




















website links

home
about
books
consults

speaking
resources
blog
contact us
 
            

affiliate websites


spirited baby
spirited child
spirited baby sleep consultant
parent child help















contact us
				  
                   phone: 651-452-4771 
				 
                sign up for weekly parenting tips!











             
                 




      	parent child help © 2025
      

      	raising your spirited child™  
      	 | 
      	raising your spirited baby™
         | 
        spirited infant™
      

developed by icbits







