



	welcome to the ctsu website







































            {1}
            



##loc[ok]##







                {1}
                





##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##





            {1}
            

##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##


























home
            | contact the ctsu



 
            


version: 2024.2.0














                google search


























skip directly to "about ctsu" section.
skip login prompt, directly go to "about ctsu" section.



sso lign window for ctep login









 



 






        ctsu members



          need help?

        go to the login page.


ctsu registration procedures
the ctsu registration page 
contains detailed information and links for investigators and associates to obtain access to the ctsu members' website.




protocol list 

the protocol list contains information on nci clinical trials including accrual information, and provides links to study abstracts and clinical sites that have the trial open.



pediatric match 

nci-cog pediatric molecular analysis for therapy choice (pediatric match) is a nationwide trial to explore whether targeted therapies can be effective for children and adolescents with solid tumors that harbor specific genetic mutations and have progressed during or after standard therapy. for more information, click here.



resources


ctsu overview presentation

instructions for getting started with the ctsu




 - download adobe acrobat reader for free

external resources page

ctsu website accessibility















linking practice
    to progress





 
    integration
    collaboration
    research 




today’s clinical trials for
    tomorrow’s cancer treatments 




connecting investigators 
    to nci cancer research











purpose of the cancer trials support unit


the cancer trials support unit (ctsu) is a service of the national cancer institute (nci) designed to facilitate access to nci-funded clinical trials for qualified clinical sites and to support the management and conduct of those clinical trials. ctsu membership provides access to a wide range of information and support services for qualified investigators and research staff.  the ctsu registration page provides additional details regarding member access. for those who are not ctsu members this website provides a listing of active protocols that the ctsu supports along with links to resources for additional information on nci-funded clinical trials.


more about the cancer trials support unit




the nci launched the ctsu in 1999 to streamline and harmonize support services for phase three cooperative group cancer clinical trials funded by the nci.  since that time the scope of the ctsu has expanded to include support of multiple nci-funded networks and clinical trials of all phases and types including cancer treatment, prevention and control, advanced imaging and correlative science studies.  the ctsu collaborates with the nci and its funded organizations to develop and support operational processes and informatics solutions leading to cost-effective solutions that reduce administrative burden on the clinical sites.


under guidance of the nci, the ctsu provides centralized services to support the following goals and objectives:



facilitate investigator and research staff participation in selected nci multi-center programs and their clinical trials.
increase investigator and patient awareness and enrollment to cancer clinical trials.
provide standardized, integrated, and comprehensive support services to selected nci multi-center programs.
identify best practices and streamline or eliminate redundant processes and procedures.
improve operational efficiency, enhance productivity and deliver products offering measurable business value to selected nci multi-center programs.



nci cancer research networks supported by the ctsu include:



nci national clinical trials network (nctn) - is a clinical trials research network that provides an infrastructure for nci treatment, screening, and diagnosis trials. the infrastructure allows investigators to begin clinical trials quicker, reach conclusions faster, and offer patients studies that incorporate precision medicine at over 3,000 clinical sites. 


 nci experimental therapeutics clinical trials network (etctn) - is a clinical trials network that evaluates innovative cancer treatments using a coordinated, collaborative, and inclusive team-based approach to early phase experimental therapeutic clinical trials. 


nci community oncology research program (ncorp) - is a community-based program that brings cancer clinical trials, as well as cancer care delivery research, to individuals in their own communities, thereby generating a broadly applicable evidence base that contributes to improved patient outcomes and a reduction in cancer disparities. 



additional nci and nih services that work in conjunction with the ctsu include:



nci central institutional review board (cirb) - reduces administrative burden of local institutional review boards and investigators by partnering with local institutions to provide human subject protections by conducting irb reviews of nci-sponsored trials. 


nci clinical trials search - nci's website helps you find nci-supported clinical trials that are taking place across the united states, canada, and internationally. the list includes all nci network trials. 


nih clinicaltrials.gov - is a registry and results database that provides easy access to information on clinical studies of human participants conducted around the world.












skip footer links to other ctsu website pages, directly go to next section.

contact us
|
ctsu disclaimer
|
ctsu accessibility
|
viewing files
|
disclaimer policy
|
accessibility
|
foia
|
hhs vulnerability disclosure



skip footer links to other external websites, directly go to next section.


u.s. department of health and human
            services

|
national institutes of health
|
national cancer institute
|
usa.gov




chrome and microsoft edge browsers are recommended for best results.
















