










double ring kuvasz -home of over 8 generations of champion kuvasz














































 









menu
skip to content
home
blog
about us

obedience classes


kuvasz breed

kuvasz history
kuvasz, the right breed for you?
kuvasz training
kuvasz care
kuvasz temperament
kuvasz health
kuvasz appearance
do kuvasz shed?
kuvasz akc breed standard


our dogs

our boys
our girls
our kuvasz puppies
upcoming litters
available dogs
in memoriam


links & resources
contact us
wickets
 






double ring kuvasz home


puppy alert!  see our upcoming litters page for details.
champion double ring leading lady (sophia) and 4 generations of offspring take first place at the 2011 kca generations class
double ring kuvasz is the breeder of many current and past top ten kuvaszok in the usa!
pretty kuvasz faces, sound conformations and superb temperaments!
active in the kuvasz breed since 1989. we strive for quality in everything we do.
watch our new blog for all the latest news and show results.  whats new blog
show dog wickets for sale! if you are looking for our custom made wickets. please see our wickets page.
our kuvasz puppies

champion-sired, premium quality puppies out of champion bitches are occasionally available to qualified show or companion homes. please see our upcoming litter page.
our kuvasz breeding stock is ofa and thyroid certified.
we are a small missouri kennel that tests extensively and are dedicated to the health of future generations of kuvasok. we believe in honest disclosure of our official health & dna test results, both good and bad. we openly disclose those records with the orthopedic foundation for animals database and publish them right here on each dog’s individual page. visit ofa to use the searchable database to check out the parents of any litter you may be considering.
we provide a written contract and guarantee of health on all our kuvasz puppies.
we offer only a very few select kuvasz litters a year.
our kuvasz puppies are extensively socialized, well-adjusted, stable, and raised in our home, not a kennel. on rare occasions, we have older puppies, or kuvasz adults, available for sale, or adoption, to qualified and loving homes.
for an opportunity to own your own double ring kuvasz puppy, advance reservations are strongly recommended.
for kuvasz puppy inquiries, please see our upcoming litters page for complete details. to learn when puppies will be available and to find out how to get on our waiting list contact kathy.

our breeding philosophy is to emphasize the total package: health, temperament & conformation.

we are proud recipients of the akc breeder of merit program. this program honors breeder/exhibitors’ dedication and hard work as they continue to produce dogs that are healthy, capable, and beautiful.” for more info, visit the akc website.
please join in and send us your updated, high quality pictures of your double ring dogs at home with the family or in the show ring!  all pictures are welcome and we’ll try to work them into our website.
back to top of page












search for:



recent comments ©copyright 2000-2022 by kathy ringering. 
all rights reserved. images and content may not be reproduced without expressed written consent. 
 

home
what’s new blog
about us
kuvasz breed
our dogs

our boys
our girls
our kuvasz puppies
upcoming litters
available dogs
in memoriam


links & resources
show dog wickets for sale
contact us
privacy policy
 




						
			copyright ©  2025 double ring kuvasz. all rights reserved.
			web design by mary mercedes. www.marymercedes.com













