




we are buddy bear berlin






















































english



deutsch
















united buddy bearsthe united buddy bearsworld tourubb showspecial bearsthe ubb minisubb mini showindividual buddy bearsindividual buddy bearsibb galleryhand in hand for tolerancebuddy bear worldmapbuddy bear eventsspecial buddy bearsvip galleryabout usabout usnewsnewslettermedia coveragesustainabilitycharitycharitycharity activities & proceedscharity organizationsshop














search for




							search
						



























exhibition ljubljana 
united in diversity: opening of the united buddy bears exhibition in ljubljana


idea & philosophy
the buddy bears are ambassadors of a cosmopolitan berlin and promote peace and tolerance around the globe.


interactive world map 
more than "just" a berlin bear! here you can find our map with hundreds of buddy bear locations in all parts of the earth.


newsletter
a quarterly short summary of exhibitions and events of the buddy bears. 
subscription & archive














since their inception over 20 years ago, the berlin buddy bears have been committed to peaceful coexistence between people of different origins, cultures and religions. the likeable ambassadors of a cosmopolitan berlin have become a symbol of tolerance and international understanding through a variety of different projects. but their mission goes beyond promoting global dialogue: they stand up for a sustainable approach that has the future of our world in mind. through various initiatives, the buddy bears contribute to creating awareness for sustainable action while supporting children in need. because peace, respect and tolerance start with a sustainable concern for our planet and all its inhabitants.
read more








                news
            












					buddy bear at the maths calendar award ceremony 2025
				
				


        on january 24th 2025, the maths calendar award ceremony took place in the audimax of freie universität berlin. in a festive setting, almost 700…
    







			

		

	


 
			01/24/2025
			












					project launch: buddy bear | art & culture connects art and cultures
				
				


        the new, eu-funded social impact project buddy bear | art & culture was launched on 13 january 2025. 
    







			

		

	


 
			01/13/2025
			












					europe celebrates diversity - awarding of the european blue bear prize
				
				


        on thursday, 5 december, the europe award blue bear was presented - an award that honours initiatives and people who are particularly committed to…
    







			

		

	


 
			12/05/2024
			












					buddy bear berlin signs diversity charter:
				
				


        a sign of tolerance and appreciation
    







			

		

	


 
			11/14/2024
			














the buddy bears are all different, as different as each of us human beings. completely without finger-wagging, they stand for tolerance, friendship and international mutual understanding.
dr. frank-walter steinmeier (current president of germany)


















					united buddy bears
				
				


        the united buddy bears promote tolerance and peace on their global tour. learn more about the exhibition and the amazing idea behind it.
    







			

		

	











					charity
				
				


        buddy bears and help for children in need are an inseparable unit. learn more about the charity endeavors of the berlin bears.
    







			

		

	











					classic buddy bears
				
				


        buddy bears have their origin in berlin but are at home in the world. you can find them in front of embassies, companies and in private gardens.
    







			

		

	











					shop
				
				


        the typical berlin bear as a souvenir, gift for any occasion or as a large sculpture. every purchase brings joy and supports children in need.
    







			

		

	















35
exhibitions
of the united buddy bears


45 mio.
visitors on
five continents


2.633.000
euro
for children in need


























image info







buddy bears bring joy!
with 6cm small miniatures or 22cm large buddy bears you can gift a piece of berlin and make others or yourself happy. maybe you are interested in our 1m and 2m tall sculptures? take a look around our onlineshop!  charity also plays an important role for us in the sale of large and small buddy bears. this is why we donate 5% of the proceeds generated by your purchase in our webshop to children's charities.
 
buddy bear onlineshop





 





share pages



stay in touch with us



 follow us on instagram
 facebook
 youtube
 linkedin


 newsletter buddy baer mail

                            with our newsletter you will receive brief and compact information about campaigns, (international) exhibitions and events around the buddy bears in berlin and around the world every quarter.
                       
subscribe to newsletter




 infocenter
 kids corner


                        buddy bär berlin gmbh
                        geisbergstraße 29
                        10777 berlin

 +49 (0)30 88 77 2681

 +49 (0)30 88 77 2690 (fax)

 info(at)buddy-baer.com







imprintprivacy notice




            © 2025 buddy bär berlin gmbh
            an initiative by eva and dr. klaus herlitz
            






your privacy (cookie settings)

we use our own and third-party cookies. why? cookies help us improve our website for the people who love our buddy bears. by agreeing, you also agree to cookies that are not technically necessary. you are of course welcome to customize cookie settings.





essential



google analytics




accept all
save and close

imprint | privacy notice













