









kelly inn west yellowstone | hotels near yellowstone


















































plan ahead, save big: enjoy 15% off spring stays in west yellowstone – book by february 15!







skip to main content
skip to footer


kelly inn west yellowstone


accommodations
amenities
groups & events

things to do

things to do in yellowstone
points of interest
dining



gallery
specials
webcams
contact 





facebook


tripadvisor
youtube


(800) 259-4672















book now!















 view more details






              to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a
              web browser that
              supports html5 video






kelly inn west yellowstone
closest to the entrance among west yellowstone hotels!


welcome to the kelly inn west yellowstone, one of the most popular pet friendly hotels in west yellowstone!

we're known for our rustic exterior featuring many carved wooden bears and other animals who have made us their home.


					the kelly inn west yellowstone is the closest hotel to the west entrance of yellowstone national park and very convenient to local shopping and restaurants. we're located directly across the street from the imax theater and the grizzly wolf discovery center, two of the most visited attractions in west yellowstone.
				
make a reservation




accommodations

 


amenities








 


west yellowstone lodging deals

spring escape special – save 15%!


book direct special

view all offers




amenities
everything you need for a great stay


take advantage of one of the largest heated indoor pools in town at the kelly inn west yellowstone.



100% non-smoking property
24 hour front desk
business center
complimentary breakfast
conference/meeting rooms
free airport transport
in-door pool - located in the canyon building


learn more



 



we are yellowstone experts
call our friendly front desk staff who will be happy to answer your questions over the phone and help you plan your daily destinations once you arrive.
make a reservation


 






        join our mailing list for news & offers:
    






kelly inn west yellowstone hotel
104 south canyon/po box 1482west yellowstone, montana 59758
phone: (800) 259-4672
area information • covid-19 • careers
web accessibility • site map • privacy policy • do not sell my information
website by l.e.t. group © 2012-2025


what guests are saying

read testimonials


recent blog posts



a relaxing vacation at yellowstone national park:


taste of the west


family friendly


view all


sister properties

kelly inn west yellowstone
yellowstone westgate
clubhouse inn west yellowstone
the cody hotel
 




























