








home - highlands county tax collector






















































covid-19 precautionsour offices are currently only serving highlands county residents. only the customer who is conducting business in the tax collector’s office will be permitted to enter.office locationscontact useric t. zwayertax collector serving highlands countysearch or pay onlinemake appointmenti want to...




menu 



welcome to thehighlands countytax collector's officeimportant announcements:  at this time, out-of-county residents may make regular driver's license/id appointments for our sebring and avon park locations.  however, we do not offer driving tests or written exams (including cdl testing) for out-of-county residents.  if you reside outside of highlands county, please contact your local tax collector's office for these services.welcomeas your tax collector, this office will make a daily commitment to excellence in all that we do. our pledge to every citizen is to provide courteous and professional service, while using innovation to improve our efficiency and reduce our costs. this is your office and you deserve nothing less.eric t. zwayertax collectorserving highlands countyour servicesproperty taxeslearn moremotorist serviceslearn morehunting & fishing
licenseslearn moretangible personal property taxlearn moregarage sale permitslearn moreconcealed weapon licenseslearn morebirth certificateslearn morekids tag artlearn moremost frequently asked questionswhen are property taxes due?tax notices are mailed every year on or before november 1st. these are due by march 31st the following year. if you pay your taxes early you are entitled to a discount of 4% during the month of november, 3% december, 2% january and 1% in february. taxes become delinquent on april 1; if taxes are not paid a tax certificate will be sold on june 1.
if you do not receive a tax notice you can view and pay your tax notice online by clicking here.why did i not receive a tax notice?tax notices are mailed every year based on the address provided by the property appraiser on the certified tax roll provided to our office in october. our office will not have updated address or owner changes made between mid-september and november. if you have updated your address or you are a new owner and did not receive a tax notice, you can view your tax notice online by clicking here.
address changes are the responsibility of the highlands county property appraiser and must be submitted to their office directly.  they can be reached on their website at www.hcpao.org or contact them by phone at (863) 402-6659.  
the property appraiser provides weekly address updates to the tax collector.  to ensure your address has been updated for tax billing purposes, please review your tax record online approximately 30 days after submitting your request to the property appraiser's office.can i make partial payments on my property taxes?the highlands county tax collector's office does not accept partial payments on property taxes. you may apply to make quarterly installment payments on your property taxes. for more information, please visit our installment payment plan page by clicking here.why have my property taxes increased from the previous year?the property appraiser's office establishes the assessed value of a property and the board of county commissioners and other levying bodies set the millage rates. using these figures, the property appraiser prepares the tax roll.


for any questions regarding your assessment, please contact the property appraiser's office at (863) 402-6659.why did i receive a tax bill for a property i no longer own?the property appraiser may not have been notified of the sale, or the sale took place after the tax roll was prepared. the property appraiser prepares the tax roll on or about july 1st. therefore, any sale occurring after that day may not reflect the new owner's information.
address changes are the responsibility of the highlands county property appraiser and must be submitted to their office directly.  they can be reached on their website at www.hcpao.org or contact them by phone at (863) 402-6659.  
the property appraiser provides weekly address updates to the tax collector.  to ensure your address has been updated for tax billing purposes, please review your tax record online approximately 30 days after submitting your request to the property appraiser's office.more faqs




the highlands county tax collector is a proud member of the florida tax collectors association. terms of service ©2021 highlands county tax collector's office. all rights reserved.helpful linkspay taxes onlinerenew registrationschedule an appointmentcontact ussearch our sitesearchsubmitclearunder f.s. 668.6076, email addresses are public records. if you do not want your email address released in response to a public-records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. the accuracy of the information provided on this website is not guaranteed for legal purposes. changes occur daily to the content. all content on this website, including but not limited to text, logos, buttons, icons and images, is property of the highlands county tax collector. we continually strive to make our website and staff accessible to everyone, including our citizens with disabilities. if you need additional help or would like to suggest an update to our website, please contact us via phone or form.

pay property taxesrenew vehicle registrationrenew driver’s licensemake an appointmentchange property tax addressfind garage/yard salesask a questiongive feedbacktaxesproperty taxespay property taxestangible personal property taxesimportant dates & deadlines – taxesinstallment payment planunderstanding your tax noticetax certificate informationpurchasing county held certificatestax deed processhomestead tax deferral programproperty tax address changeexemptions & confidentiality requestproperty tax reportsmotorist infomotorist servicesdriver’s license servicesmotor vehicle titlesdisabled parking permitsvessel general informationmotor vehicle registrationmotor vehicle formsimportant dates & deadlines – motor vehiclesforms & reportsinformation servicespublic records requestsforms / reports / instructionsadditional servicesother servicesconcealed weapon licenseshunting & fishing licensesflorida certified birth certificatesgarage/yard sale permitskids tag artlearn moreabout usholidays and office closuresbudgetjob opportunitiesaccessibility informationfeatured linksfrequently asked questionscontact us
 
 


our offices will be closed on presidents' day
monday, february 17th, for in-service training.
we will resume normal business hours on tuesday, february 18th.
















