scielo proceedingsscielo.orgportuguêsespañol helpabout this siteevent browsingalphabetic listsubject listsearch formpaper browsingauthor indexsubject indexsearch form scielo   
				
				 the scientific electronic library online - scielo is a model for the
                 electronic publication of scientific documents.

                 the library is an integral part of a project being developed by 
                 fapesp - fundação de amparo à pesquisa do estado de são paulo, in partnership with bireme - the latin american and 
                 caribbean center on health sciences information. since 2002, 
                 the project is also supported by cnpq - conselho nacional de desenvolvimento científico e tecnológico.

                 the project envisages the development of a common
                 methodology for the preparation, storage, dissemination and
                 evaluation of scientific literature in electronic format.  about this site   
				this is the home page of scielo proceedings site.
				the objective of the site is to implement an electronic virtual library, providing full access to a collection of proceedings, including the full text of papers. the access to the texts is available via indexes and search forms.
				scielo site is an integral part of the fapesp/bireme/cnpq project and it is an application of the methodology being developed by the project, particularly the internet interface module.
				the site will be constantly updated both in form and content, according to the project's advancements.  help   
                   scielo interface provides access to
                  its proceedings via alphabetic and subject lists or a search
                  form by word of titles, subject, dates and place of the
                  event.
               
                   the interface also provides access to the full text of
                  papers via author and subject indexes, or by a search form on
                  paper elements such as author names, subject, words from
                  title, abstract and affiliation.
               
                   click an hypertext link at the top to call the corresponding
                  access page.
                scielo proceedingsfapesp - capes - cnpq - bireme - fapunifespavenida onze de junho, 269 - vila clementino04041-050 são paulo sp - brazil
			tel.: +55 11 5083-3639/59
			fax: scielo@scielo.org



