




satilla temps






























 









(904) 261-5004 from fl


















home
job seekers
current openings
employers
meet our staff
contact us
 















welcome to satilla temps – employment in st. marys, ga
 – home of “the best in the business” employees!  if you’re an employer who needs qualified workers or a job-seeker looking for temporary, temp-to-hire, or regular full-time work, satilla temps is here to help.  click at the top of the page for more information for job seekers and employers.
satilla temps has placed competent, dependable employees since 1981 in industries, offices and government facilities along the i-95 corridor from camden county, georgia (st. marys, kingsland, woodbine and kings bay naval submarine base) to nassau county, florida (yulee, amelia island, fernandina beach, hilliard and callahan).  we specialize in:

clerical and administrative positions of all types
reception/filing
bank tellers
customer service
accounting/bookkeeping
data entry
information technology (it)
medical front office/medical billing
warehouse management and inventory management
skilled trades (electrical, electronic, welding, machining)

you’ll love satilla temps’ people-centered approach to staffing. after thoroughly interviewing, testing and screening qualified applicants, we hire the person who best meets our customers’ job requirements.  it’s the satilla temps way of ensuring that companies maintain productivity and profitability, and employees find work that meets their financial and personal expectations.
with a diverse client base that includes small businesses, major industries and defense operations, satilla temps can efficiently meet a variety of staffing needs.  for satilla’s staffers, this variety translates into interesting, lucrative jobs throughout the camden/kings bay/nassau county area. for employers, this experience means that we solve your human resource challenges quickly and efficiently.
employers, if you need top-notch people in the southeast georgia & the amelia island/jacksonville, fl area who are ready to do their best, click our employers page at the top.  you’ll discover that satilla temps saves you money while delivering skilled employees who produce results.
job seekers, if you’ve got a strong customer service attitude and good skills and experience, click on our job seekers page.
let satilla temps be your partner in prosperity!












home
job seekers
current openings
employers
meet our staff
contact us



copyright  2022 satilla temps. all rights reserved.






