












home - deer creek golf club













































































































































 





















0shopping carthome
news

future plans
henke development


golf

book a tee time
about the course
dress code
scorecard
rates
instruction
leagues & events
gallery


membership
information list
contact
events

club calendar







menu


menu

 






book a tee time
future development planshenke development announces plans for deer creek club
explore plans2024 golf membership optionslearn moreunder new managementhenke development group takes over management of deer creek and looks forward to advancing the legacy of the hall family.
read morepreviousnext123

golfmembershipeventspreviousnext

golf

deer creek golf club is an outstanding golf course that fits any level of golfing ability. our golf course is always in great shape with many risk/reward holes which makes for an exciting round of golf that will make golfers use every club in their bag. we offer 4 sets of tees to suit all playing abilities.

golf coursemembers only - golf operation guide

membership

our newly introduced membership structure will allow convenient monthly payments not only to make joining the club accessible but also rewards your commitment. renovations to the clubhouse will enhance the experience at deer creek for both members and guests. a remodel of the pro shop, foyer, bathroom,  and banquet facility; including adding a comfortable bar and lounge complete with new furniture, televisions, artwork, and more.
membership information coming soon. sign up for our information list to stay in the know!

events

men’s & women’s member events and club social events open to the public will be coming soon. events will include member guest, men’s & women’s leagues, couple’s nights, demo days, club championships, and social events.
event schedule coming soon. sign up for our information list to stay in the know!

  

hours & info7143 s state hwy 39clayton, in317-539-2013follow us


facebook   


instagram   









scroll to top







 



























































































































































































































































