









cdruk | experts in cd/dvd duplication, printing & packaging











 

call us today on 01202 739993









products & services


book printing


affordable book printing


book printers and paper size


tips & terms


downloads and tools


self-publishing


how to structure a novel



digital brochure printing


digital black and white printing


digital colour printing


large format printing


training and educational resources


training manuals



catalogues


cdruk


cd


dvd


packaging


printed booklets and inlays


more information




further info


finishing


artwork


confidentiality


quality policy


enviromental policy


glossary


testimonials



upload artwork


about


team


blog



contact us


get a quote


paperback book printing quote


hardback book printing quote


brochure or catalogue print quote


leaflets & stationery print quote


cd and dvd replication












cdruk
cdruk is a nationally recognised company specialising in the manufacture of cd's, dvd's and associated packaging.
from one disc to one million discs - we have the complete solution to fit your requirements. 
our clients come from a wide variety of sectors which include manufacturing, software development, retail, design agencies, local government, printers, charities, recording artists and record companies.
we focus our efforts on providing an excellent service to ensure that you receive a quality product every time.
ordering discs and packaging from cdruk is made easy, as our initial quotation encompasses all the elements of your job. everything from glass mastering and repro work to delivery is included.
when it comes to placing an order there will be no nasty surprises, which will allow you to budget accurately.
call us on 01202 739993 or get a quote here.





cdruk


cd


dvd


packaging


printed booklets and inlays


more information


















"cmp print solutions have been integral to our growth over the last few years. they have worked with us on a personal level to ensure we get the service we require and more. our company relies on small print runs to work effectively, which cmp have perfectly accommodated to, whilst also offering the best rates and services we've come across. we wish all areas of our business were as pleasing to work with as cmp. we cannot recommend cmp highly enough."
self help publisher




certification

poole
cmp (uk) limited,
g3 the fulcrum,
vantage way,
poole,
dorset,
bh12 4nutweets by @cmpprint

follow us:




company no. 02997187 - vat no. 619 8740 05 - registered in england and wales. registered office: g3 the fulcrum, vantage way, poole, dorset. bh12 4nu



copyright © 2025 cmp (uk) limited | terms and conditions | privacy policy
powered by intergage





cmp | digital print solutions uses cookies to improve your experience. this includes necessary cookies to interact with the website, anonymous analytical data, and some third party cookies. for a complete list and further options please see our cookie policy.



accept all and close







necessary cookies:
necessary cookies are required for the normal function of this website. these cookies can be disabled in the browser settings.



analytical cookies:
enabling analytical cookies provides information that helps us to improve the website



tracking cookies:
tracking cookies allow us to understand your flow and interaction through the website so we can make improve navigation



social cookies:
enabling social cookies turns on social sharing buttons throughout the site














c
0


