















stevens point, wi - official website | official website









 















skip to main content























 










    





 
 












search







 
 
 


    community      departments      government      services  


 

 

 

 



 



  
 














departments








agendas, minutes, videos








make payments








property search








how do i?








search this site










 
 



  
 













































  
 
 





























city news










stevens point named silver level bicycle friendly community 


today, the league of american bicyclists honored the efforts of stevens point to build better places for people to bike with a silver level bicycle friendly community (bfc) award.						read more







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 







upcoming meetings










mon, feb 17  

common council meeting



tue, feb 18  

redevelopment authority






see all meetings




/calendar.aspx



 
 






trending topics







applications, licenses, permits



careers / employment / jobs



city council / alderpersons



code of ordinances



garbage / recycling



gis mapping



notify me service



parking



staff & officials directory



taxes









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 




mayor mike wiza



 



comments& suggestionssend the mayora messagecity awardssee the awardswe've received



 
 









election news










spring 2025 candidates forum thursday, march 6 


league of women voters of wisconsin – stevens point will host a candidates forum on thursday, march 6, at the lincoln center, 1519 water st. school board candidates begin at 6 pm. candidates for stevens point alder districts 7 & 11 will start at 7:30 pm.			






view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  







help wanted










iverson park winter sports area open as of feb. 8 


the iverson park winter sports area sled hills & outdoor skating rink will be open for the season as of saturday, february 8. the warming lodge is open saturday noon - 8 pm & sunday noon - 5 pm. the toboggan runs are closed. (subject to change.)			get more info about the iverson winter sports area







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 






other news from city departments








reminder to clear snow & ice from sidewalks 

please remember to keep your sidewalk clear of snow & ice. homeowners & occupants are responsible for removing snow & ice from the sidewalk in front of their home or building within 24 hours of the end of a snowfall (or 48 hours if there is no boulevard).				read more




park board, police & fire commission meeting videos online & on tv 

the february 12 park board and police & fire commission meeting videos are online. they will play on community tv (spectrum ch. 984 & tds ch. 13) thursday, february 13, at 5 & 10 p.m., & friday, february 14, at 7:30 a.m.		watch the videos on our youtube channel




emerging artists opening reception 

the riverfront arts center welcomes everyone to the 2025 emerging artists exhibition, showcasing outstanding works by young grade 7-12 artists from the stevens point community. join us for the opening reception on friday, february 28, from 4:30-7 pm.				read more




iverson park winter sports area open as of feb. 8 

the iverson park winter sports area sled hills & outdoor skating rink will be open for the season as of saturday, february 8. the warming lodge is open saturday noon - 8 pm & sunday noon - 5 pm. the toboggan runs are closed. (subject to change.)		get more info about the iverson winter sports area








“keep the heart red” for american heart month 

throughout february, american heart month, a large heart on the division street side of stevens point fire station #1 at 1701 franklin street will be illuminated by bright red light bulbs, symbolizing our commitment to heart health.				read more




city employees - "helping you" newsletter for february 

in this month's "helping you" newsletter from umr, you’ll find information about heart health and blood pressure, and mental health awareness. you’ll also find other wellness-related articles and links for city employees and their families.		read the february newsletter




stevens point housing programs information session march 26 

city & cap services staff will host an informational session on wednesday, march 26, from 6 to 7 p.m. in the community room, 933 michigan ave., to provide an overview of all city housing grants and loans and housing programs offered by cap services.				read more





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 



 




 
 
 
 



  
 














city of stevens point1515 strongs ave.stevens point, wi 54481phone: 715-346-1569
 






  
 














home



contact us



accessibility



site map







staff login



legal notices



copyright notices



government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









