


amigazone home page















for members only

for members only


click the following for wildcat navigator setup help..







































  very important news: after 99.99% uptime 24 / 7 since 1996, i am sorry to have to report that the amigazone service is closed, due to flashback electronics not paying
the monthly co-location / hosting fees for three months in a row.  what this means is that the service is "suspended" and cannot be accessed at
all, not even by me, its founder.  i do not know if flashback has any
intention of ever paying the co-lo fees again, in which case, amigazone will never be up and running again.  this was not my decision, but was
totally due to flashback's refusal to pay the monthly co-lo fees to
amigazone's hosting isp, calweb internet services. 



please further note that if you are a registered, paying amigazone customer, you will not be billed during what may be an extended, or
permanent closure of amigazone.  the page you are
looking at is not the amigazone service itself.  this is just its publicity page. i pay the hosting fees for this page and will continue to pay them to calweb internet services.  i own the amigazone.com domain name.  no one else can change or modify this page in any way.  

for the duration of the downtime, which may be permanent, we will not be accepting requests for new trial or paid accounts, and if you currently have a paid account, you will not be billed, so please do 
not request a trial and do not click the [join now] button below.  no new accounts will be opened for a service that you cannot access.

please watch this space for updates.. if flashback decides to pay the tab to put the service back online, that fact will be posted here.. 


please direct your questions or concerns to hlaser at socal dot rr dot com - sincerely (and sadly), harv laser - amigazone founder.. 



 last updated:  20 january, 2015.. 


please note!.. as of 01 april, 2012, the amigazone guestbook went away.. temporarily.. this is not our decision.. lycos / tripod, who our free guestbook, did away with all of their html "gear", per an email they sent out in february, 2012..

why? who knows.. they didn't say why.. they just emailed and said "please be advised that html gear will be retiring on april 1, 2012. as of that date, all html gear modules will cease functioning and you will no longer be able to log into htmlgear.com to make changes or updates.".. so screw them.. i'll find another guestbook-hosting service somewhere.. thus, currently, clicking the 
guestbook "sign" and "view" buttons over there on the left side of all
pages of this site will take you nowhere, until i find another guestbook-hosting 
thingie to replace the one were using for years.. thanks, lycos.. you suck!.. 

harv

amigazone founder..





 last updated:  19,  october, 2014.. 


amigazone runs on a screaming-fast, 1u rack-mount server with 2 terrabytes of mirrored storage, and a lot of enhancements planned for the coming months.. if you're a current amigazone member, you can  telnet to amigazone.com or browse to http://amigazone.com as usual - your user name and password have not changed.. your email has not been lost.. 

you'll notice a number of cosmetic and functional changes in both interfaces.. play around with your settings, and customize your account any way you wish.. since we moved amigazone to a new machine, we're also running the latest
wildcat interactive net server, the system may go down, very briefly, from time to time as we twiddle and fine-tune, add new features, new file libraries, and other features, yadda yadda.. this notice will be modified when needed.. if you are a paid amigazone member, please contact harv at hlaser at socal dot rr dot com if you require any assistance..  thank you for your understanding and your continued patronage!.. 



amigazone members please note! amigazone monthly billing is processed by flashback electronics. if you are a paying member, when you see a charge show up on your credit or debit card statement from flashback electronics, this is your amigazone billing.. please
contact flashback electronics" any time if you have any questions, or if your
cc's expiration date or number changes.. thank you for your cooperation..

happy birthday amiga! over twenty five years ago, the amiga
computer was introduced with much fanfare at lincoln center. click the link to read about it, and then scroll up
and down that page for more amiga history. 

what can you do with an amiga?.. todd rundgren made this with ten amiga 2500s and newtek video toasters back in the 1990s.. (this video requires you have quicktime installed).. 














eric schwartz created this wonderful little animation based on the song "still alive" as a tribute to the amiga.. (this video requires you have
quicktime installed).. 











 in memoriam, hal samuelson.
long-time amigazone member and a close friend,
hal samuelson, passed away of natural causes on august 13, 2004. our deepest sympathy 
goes out to his wife and family. the linked photograph of hal, surrounded by his
vintage ham radio gear and computers, is copyright 2004, harv
laser, and may not be reproduced elsewhere in any form under any conditions for any reason,
without explicit written permission. 

  in memoriam, john scheib. 
amigazone member, programmer, and a very dear friend for 20 years, john passed away of natural
causes on june 26, 2003. our deepest sympathy to his loving family.
you can click this paragraph to view a few pictures of john with his family. 
these pictures are the sole property of the scheib family and are
copyright 2003 - 2013, the scheib family, are exclusively on loan to amigazone, 
and may not be reproduced elsewhere in any form under any conditions for any reason, without amigazone's 
explicit written permission. 


meet stahg - 
amigazone's free gift to the amiga ® community!



















bob "coz" cosby tribute page is 
here






look at some of the stuff you can win if you join amigazone!  the members' contests
prize selection changes constantly..



amigazone membership is forty cents a day!

click the pulsating "join" graphic (or here) to signup!
(signup page is secure - an ssl-capable browser required)




the amigazone, operating since 1985, is an online resource,
community and oasis for amiga ® computer owners, users and lovers, world-wide.
we offer the best support possible for your amiga computer needs. we know,
love, use and believe in amiga ® computers! 







 
visit the official amiga inc. site, totally revamped again..






directory opus makes using windows much more user-friendly! try it for up to 60 days (free) by visiting our buddies at gpsoft and requesting a trial copy. 









search this site, amiga inc.'s site
or the entire web.  













 search www  search amigazone.com  search amiga.com 








please also visit our pals:







please note: this web site is *not* the actual amigazone online service.
this is our web publicity presence for it.  paying members have
unlimited access to a completely separate web site to access amigazone when they join.
the members' site has no banner ads of any kind on it.  no annoying pop-ups.  no sneaky b.s. ad-tracking
cookies. it is
fast-loading, free of frills, and very easy to use. and it works with all three popular amiga web browsers:
aweb, ibrowse, and voyager.. plus all the popular winblows and mac and un*x browsers.. 

so.. what is amigazone??

amigazone is an online service you can use with any web browser, or telnet client,
(if you like a bbs style interface). it will work on any computing platform from 
monster desktop machines to little internet-connected hand-helds and smart phones.

you connect through your local isp account, from anywhere
in the world. no long distance call required.  everything, including our live chats is 
accessible from both interfaces.
you can even log into both interfaces at the same time!  members have unlimited 24/7
access.  we never have, do not now, and
never will sell, rent, lease, lend, or give our membership list to anyone, for any reason whatsoever!

the zone has dozens of message bases, over 100,000 downloadable files, (our
file library is bigger than aminet and goes all the way back to 1985, the
year the amiga ® computer was born!) an amiga ® usenet
newsfeed, "qwk" mail and news downloading capability,
fourteen amiga ® mailing lists that feed right into our message bases
so you don't have to clog up your mailbox with them, an online gif/jpg
library image thumbnail generator, live chat rooms, a members' private 
ftp site and pop3 mail server, and more features than
any amiga-specific service you've ever seen.  you pay no storage fees of any kind, ever.
you get everything for 
a measly forty cents a day. there are no extra-cost areas.  now ask yourself,
what else can you get for forty cents a day?  two cigarettes.  a cup of coffee? hah. fat chance.  
the cheapest burger in town?  good luck.  a donut?  a teaspoon of gasoline? a solid gold kama sutra coffee pot? 
forty cents a day for the longest-lived, professionally-supported online amiga ® support community is
peanuts! (and you can't even get a bag of peanuts for forty cents!)..

amigazone a multi-
interface, easy to use, fully amiga &reg-dedicated professionally-supported online service and
we'd love to have you as a member!

if you ever find any broken links on this site,  
please give us your feedback 
so we can fix them.  we know the "links" page is stale, and it will
be updated shortly.. thanks!


congratulations! you are now entitled to tell your
grandchildren (or your parole officer) that you were the




life form to visit this page, since june 21, 1995. you are looking at one of the
oldest amiga ® web sites in existence. 




join
and
get
free
stuff!




cool free gift when you join!
join amigazone as a paid member, maintain your paid membership in
good standing for three months, and when you do, you
will be sent a free official (and hey, stylish!) amigazone logo baseball cap, with adjustable thingie on the back, so one size fits all.. your official amigazone baseball cap will be mailed to you for free after you've kept your paid account open for
three months!  no other strings. no baloney! click here to see a
picture of the cap.  the cap is universal-fit and the
amigazone logo is in white with the boing! ball that dots the "i"
in its traditional red and white checks. 


to join, use our secure signup page (click the "join now"
graphic above). there is no sign-up fee! amigazone billing is done
month to month, and the charge will appear on your cc bill from
flashback electronics. 


there is no long-term contract. your account is 
opened upon charging and verification of your first month's 
membership fee of us$12.95 to your credit or debit card. thereafter,
you'll be billed us$12.95 per month. 


we no longer send out paper invoices and we don't accept checks, or paypal.. sorry.. credit or debit cards only.. 

upon notification of your signup, you'll get an email with your login
info and your free amigazone cap and gift will be mailed to you, after you have kept your paid account open and in good-standing for three months.. 





sounds



click here
to hear an .au version of our theme song
click here for
a shorter .8svx version
click here
for a 145k .au sound that expresses our sentiments for commodore's amiga
marketing strategy





click here
to see the most useful thing you can do with a peecee,
or here
with a lisa ;)







and click here
for a secret spy shot inside a micro$oft employees rally!






r.i.p. the amiga ® web directory :(











additional awards













amigazone© is a trademark 
of harv laser. imagery and text used on this and all 
sub-pages of this site are copyright 1985-2014 harv laser/amigazone except for 
any imagery which is copyright someone else.. any trademarked names used are owned by their
respective trademark holders. the main site logo was rendered with newtek's lightwave 3d v7.5, 
and is copyright 2003-2013, harv laser, based on an original work by eric j. fleischer, md. 
and may not be reproduced elsewhere in any form without
explicit written 
permission. violations of our copyright policy will be vigorously enforced..







