


vince staten
























    
	vince staten
	
  
one stop shopping for everything kingsport







sunday, july 07, 2024



	 the celtics steal the show
    


 the
night the boston celtics masqueraded as a newport (tennessee) steak house team
(or so the story goes)
every
story has two sides, the old saying goes. but after digging into a tale i heard
from an old college friend, i've come to believe there are three sides to every
story: each participant's and the reporter's who tells it.
here's
the story as recounted to me by my friend charlie hamilton, a well-known
character from the ut campus during my grad school days in the early seventies.
charlie grew up in white pine, tennessee, and one summer he worked as a gopher
for the notable morristown businessman z buda. while moving a file cabinet,
charlie discovered an old newspaper article taped to the back. and that's where
this story comes from.
in
the 1940s, z buda owned a popular steakhouse in newport and sponsored an
independent basketball team, z buda’s all stars. they had a fierce rivalry with
another nearby independent team, the cosby hot shots. after losing two straight
games to the hot shots, z buda was determined not to lose again.
after
both teams had warmed up for the third  match,
they returned to their respective dressing rooms. but when the z buda all stars
reappeared on the court, something was different. now wearing the all stars'
uniforms were five players from the boston celtics!
charlie’s
story sounded so fantastic that i knew it had to be true, or at least mostly
true. and, as it turns out, it was!
it
took some digging through old newspaper clippings, but i finally unearthed this
february 29, 1948 column by knoxville news-sentinel sports editor bob
wilson:
 
newport
cage team pulls big surprise when cosby imports former vol stars for meet
best
basketball yarn i've heard this season comes out of cocke county... there was
an independent tournament going on at cosby and the rivalry between the cosby
hot shots and z. buda's steak house team of newport, was keen. the cosby
manager, so the story goes, imported bill wright and ted cook, two former u-t
stars from knoxville, to play on his team, which probably wasn't exactly
cricket, as the boys say... well, came the night that cosby's hot shots and
buda's steak house lads faced each other on the court in a crucial tournament
game the hotshots, with wright and cook in their lineup, took the upper hand as
the firing started... however, after about five minutes of play the buda team
called time out and all five players headed for the sideline, while five
towering hardwood performers, who had quietly come out of the locker-room,
rushed on the court
it
was the new york celtics' starting quintet and when the hot shots took a look
at the professional stars, they tossed up the sponge and called it quits. buda,
the restaurant proprietor and sponsor of the steak house quint, being resentful
of cosby importing wright and cook, had engaged the celtics at a cost of $350
to come unannounced to the tournament and play for his team .. their appearance
on the court was as much a surprise to the spectators as the hot shots for only
buda and his players knew they were coming.
 
holy
hoopsters! it was true. 
one
detail was a little off. it was not the boston celtics but the new york
celtics. the boston celtics were one of the eight teams that founded the nba in
1946.
the
new york celtics were even older, founded before world war i as a barnstorming team,
and considered one of the first professional basketball teams. but that group
had disbanded at the start of world war ii and the celtics that showed up in
the newport gym that night in 1948 was new version created by former original celtics
player dave cullerton, who had been a three-sport star at centre college. this group
had no relationship to the boston celtics. 
z
buda didn’t fly them in for his all-stars game either. they had played two
nights earlier against the morristown vfw and the next night against the
knoxville globetrotters. for the celtics five it was a short trip to newport
and an easy payday. 
but
the story doesn’t end there. a week later sports editor wilson returned to his
typewriter for a follow up:
 the new york celtics team of the late thirties
it
seems that there is another side to the recent cocke county independent
basketball tournament controversy which resulted in z. buda subsidizing the new
york celtics to oppose the cosby hot shots under the name of buda's steak
house. m. l. cureton, manager of the hot shots, gives the hot shot's side of
the argument in the following communique, which was passed along to me by the
editor:
"in
your sport talk by bob wilson under date of sunday, feb. 29, it appears that
mr. wilson needs some information. this information could change his yarn which
he states is the best one he has heard this season to true facts.
"in
the first place he is misinformed as to place of play. this tournament was not
held at cosby, but at newport, the home town of z. buda's steak house.
"it
is true that there is considerable rivalry between the cosby hot shots, and z.
buda's steak house. it is true that the cosby manager imported bill wright and
ted cook, former u-t vol players, to play with his team. it is also true that
he imported john waddell of greene county to play with the hot shots.
"now:
it is also true that z. buda imported gosnell, and matthews from up washington
college way, and wolfenbarger from rutledge to play with his team. also mr. poteet
from johnson city, so if it wasn't exactly cricket for the hot shots to get
outside players. it wasn't exactly cricket for z. buda to get outside players.
both teams imported players so neither team was strictly cocke county material.
"it
is also true that all of cosby's hot shots played the first two games of the
tournament, and no new players were added for the final game. all players on
both teams were entered in this tournament before playing time, and the
bringing of the n. y. celtics into this tournament was a violation of rules,
and if cosby had played this team, they would not have been playing z. buda, as
the new york celtics are a team all their own.
"as
to the hot shots looking at the celtics and tossing up the sponge and calling
it quits: your mr. wilson would have been better qualified to write about this
game, if he had been a spectator.
"he
could have seen the hot shots out in front by a score of 10 to 5. he could have
seen mr. wade clarke, who has played ball with the steak house, in action as an
official. mr. clarke had two fouls on sutton and one on templin in around four
minutes of play. sutton and templin were cosby players. he could have seen
between four and five hundred dissatisfied fans march by the box and receive
their $1 admission refunded. in this number was mr. alex buda, father of z.
buda.
"all
bets on this game were cancelled and if cosby had tossed in the sponge, the
manager of the steak house team would have collected all bets.
"i
am writing this to let you know there are two versions of this affair."
 
ah,
but there is a third version of this affair – the third side of the story - and
it arrived in the sports editor’s mailbox three days later, from, of course, z
buda himself. 
 z buda had more than one fish story to tell in the winter of 1948
the
cosby hot shots-buda's steak house basketball controversy, which resulted from
a tournament game at newport, still rages…z. buda, who sponsors the steak house
boys, was more or less fuming over a letter written by manager cureton of the
hot shots, and published in this column sunday....in order to settle the
squabble he offers to meet the hot shots in a game, both teams using their
regular players, with the proceeds going to bill wright, who played for the hot
shots, and who is now ill.
"we
will play cosby any time, any place and spot them 10 points, regular team
against regular team," said buda. "i suggest that we get two good
officials out-of-town for the game."
buda
said he was just waiting for the hot shots to send in a letter of explanation
before he told his side of the story:
"they
said i imported players for the tournament, which is not true. gosnell,
matthews and wolfenbarger have played for my team for two years," he
writes. "wade clark, a tsaa and southern conference official, officiated
when cosby beat us 36-29 this year, and they picked him to call the tournament
along with webb of maryville. cosby wanted me to co-sponsor the tournament with
them and we were to split the gate receipts. when i brought the celtics on the
court they refused to play. i was the one who had the official announce a
refund of the money to the fans when cosby didn't want to, for i'm not in
basketball for the money, but merely for the sport and sport alone. i might add
that cosby officials told me to get anybody i wanted to for my team as they had
the best team there was. they thought i would go to knoxville and get players
and they knew that all the good ones were in atlanta playing in a tournament.
they thought i was sunk.
"most
of the people in cosby were pulling for my team, for we beat them 59-38 at
cosby two weeks before the tournament. i would like to know where you got your
first story, especially about what i paid the celtics. i got them here with the
help of greeneville and morristown, and not even close to the amount you said.
"greeneville
barred cosby from competing in their tournament for using cook and wright
against them.
"there
were no lists of players turned in for our tournament, however, it was agreed
that teams would use their regular players. i didn't get in touch with the
celtics until cosby had used wright and cook. i would not have used the celtics
if cosby had used their regular players."
 
there
you have it: the true story of the night the new york, not boston, celtics
played in newport, tennessee, masquerading as a local steak house quintet. 
 
if you
are curious, here are the new york celtics players as listed in the knoxville
news-sentinel story about their game against the knoxville globetrotters team:
members
of the celtics and their former colleges are: tom gatzek, texas christian; bob
karstens, pittsburgh; frank horazy, nyu; tony crement, illinois; jack jennings,
tennessee; and junior kertesz, manhattan college.
according
to the newspaper the celtics claimed to have won 96 of 104 games at that point
in the season.
they
frequently toured with the harlem globetrotters, usually playing an undercard
game against either the hawaiian all-stars or jesse owens’ kansas city
all-stars. 
 
 
alex
“z” buda jr. was a well-known newport businessman. he got his nickname in high
school from his zig-zag style of running on the newport high football team. after
serving in the navy during world war ii, he returned to newport and opened his
namesake steak house. (he had learned the restaurant business from his father,
who had owned newport’s popular busy bee café.) buda went on to own numerous businesses
in cocke and hamblen counties. he opened the first outlet mall in pigeon forge
and was instrumental in turning the town into a tourist mecca. his z buda’s
smokies campground is now the island tourist attraction. at one time he owned
minnis drug store in morristown, where he had worked as a teenager. he was
credited with funding over 1,000 scholarships at walters state community
college. he served three terms as mayor of morristown. 
his
celtics shenanigan was just a footnote in a long career. 



posted by vince staten @ 10:29 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, june 11, 2024



	 the unhandyman
    


 a new book!(just in time for father's day)if you
were to look up the word “unhandyman” in the dictionary, you wouldn’t find
anything. it’s not in the dictionary. but if
it were in the dictionary, it would have my picture next to it.i am
the unhandyman. not
that i don’t try to be handy. i’ve
battled leaky faucets and leaky sailboats. (i sunk the sailboat!) i’ve
battled some-assembly-required bookshelves and lots-of-assembly-required swing
sets.and i’ve
lost every time. i finally
accepted my shortcomings when i heard my five-year-old son explain to my mother
how you fix things: you take a screwdriver and you throw it and you say “dammit.”
i’m
so used to being “the unhandyman” that i’ve titled my latest book “the unhandyman:
misadventures in fixing things.”there
was the time the tub was clogged. i had tried a plumbing snake and was all set
to pour drano in when my friend bruce haney stopped by to see if he could help.
(bruce has been my clean-up man for years, fixing the things i tried to fix and
only made worse.) he just flipped the lever on the tub, the stopper popped up and
the water miraculously – in my view anyway – disappeared. there
was the time the smoke alarm wouldn’t stop chirping, even after i took the
battery out! turned out it was a different smoke alarm that was chirping. and then
there was the time i assembled an entire swing set! in the garage. the problem
was it was in the garage and it wouldn’t fit under the garage door to take
outside. so i disassembled it, reassembled it outside – i’d already assembled
it once; how hard would it be to assemble it again? – only to find a mystery
part laying on the ground. wonder how important that part is….i could
go on. i do in the book.“the
unhandyman” is available on amazon ($5.95 plus shipping, free shipping if you
are a prime member). it’s also a kindle e-book (free if you subscribe to kindle
unlimited).
remember, not every dad wants a home depot gift card
for father’s day. happy father's day to all the dads out there. here is my father and me on father's day 1950.



posted by vince staten @ 3:41 pm  
      
         0 comments






sunday, april 07, 2024



	 a dining group through the a-i ages
    


 the steinbeck society was founded in 2008 as a monthly dining group with 12 members, all of whom went to the university of tennessee in the early seventies, many of whom had worked on the ut daily beacon, the student newspaper. the group has gone through several iterations and a pandemic pause. it is now a weekly lunch group of 10, with an average attendance of 6. i wanted to memorialize the group with an illustration depicting a typical luncheon. i can't draw so i turned to artificial intelligence, which has advanced rapidly and can now create credible illustrations. i began
with a simple command: i asked chatgpt 4.0 to create an image of ten old men,
members of the steinbeck society, gathering together for a meal. (click on an image to enlarge.)
 
 i realized
they were dressed much too formally so i asked ai to revise the image with the men
wearing casual clothes.
 
 ai obviously
thought i meant a dinner meeting so i asked it to change the image to a lunch
gathering.
  the men
looked much older than our group so i asked chatgpt to make the men ten years
younger.
 
 too much
hair so i asked ai to make three of the men bald.
 
 this
time i told the program to make the scene more cartoonish.
  
now i
wanted fewer bald heads and fewer beards. 
 chatgpt
obviously didn’t get the picture so i asked for the men to all be clean shaven.
ai apparently thought i wanted them to take their shirts off.
  no,
no, clean shaven! ai instead stripped off their undershirts.
 
 i thought
if i asked ai to change it to a breakfast gathering, it might put the shirts
back on. i also instructed the program to create the image with one bald man.
ai made it five bald men.
 
this
time i asked to move it to a diner and make all the men clean-shaven. i don’t
think ai has any idea what “clean-shaven” means.
 
 i asked
for a return to the cartoon style with all clean shaven men and one bald. and i
got this.
so i
gave up. 
 incidentally this group looks almost nothing like the steinbeck society. but i think about a-i image creation as samuel johnson did about the dog that could walk on its hind legs, "it is not done well but you are surprised that it is done at all." 
 
i should
add that in addition to not being able to follow directions, ai also can’t
spell.    
 



posted by vince staten @ 4:16 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, march 20, 2024



	 the loss of a d-b legend
    


 betty cook, the forever librarian at d-bbetty
jean cook began her freshman year at dobyns-bennett in september 1947. she essentially
never left. 
“i
graduated in june 1951 and i started with the school system in july. i tell the
students they never let me graduate.” 
for the
next 56 years she worked at d-b, in the library, in the principal’s office, and
in the superintendent’s office. 
when
she retired in september 2008, after 56 years – 60 years if you count her four
high school years – at dobyns-bennett, i wrote a column about the end of the
betty cook era at d-b. 
betty
jean cook died monday at age 91. 
here
is my tribute to betty jean: 
 betty cook in 1956
the kingsport
school system doesn’t keep records on workplace longevity (they can tell you
how many games the basketball team has won) but this has to be a record: 56
years.
betty
cook has outlasted 14 different principals, seven superintendents, eleven head
football coaches, seven head basketball coaches, four head baseball coaches,
nine band directors and eleven librarians.
“i
told the kids i don’t know how to fill out a resume. i’ve never had another
job. i’ve never attended another church (pleasant view baptist). and i’ve lived
where i live since i was 4 or 5.”
56
years.
“it
doesn’t seem that long. i’ve enjoyed my work. when i see all the people that
went here that have been successful it makes me feel good that i might have
played a part in that.”
betty
was hired by ross n. robinson, who was then superintendent of city schools, on
the recommendation of then assistant principal ruth ramer. she worked for a few
weeks in robinson’s office, then transferred to the library, where she’s been
almost ever since. “i left the library for a few years and worked for dr. lay
as his secretary. he decided to retire and dr. evans asked if i’d like to move
back to the library.”
betty
can’t remember exactly but she thinks she started out at $156 a month.
56
years.
she
has personal connections to so many of her colleagues. when principal earl
lovelace was a student at d-b, betty was the principal’s secretary. she
remembers he was on the baseball team and saw someone sideswipe her car. “he
got the license number and brought it to me. he said the other day he never
thought when he left here 45 years ago that someday he would be accepting my
resignation.”
she
remembers football coach graham clark as a little boy from litz manor hanging
around outside the stadium where she ran the ticket office. “i thought he
didn’t have much money so i would let him in free.”
56
years. oh what she’s seen in those 56 years.
“the
people i graduated with, their children came here. then their grandchildren and
now their great grandchildren. it’s been a fun place to work, mostly. i have
thoroughly enjoyed the students and the faculty.”
the
biggest difference between today and when she started? the kids, of course. but
she still loves them. “they just have too much pressure on them today. we say
they don’t know how to have fun.”
56
years. all those principals and coaches and students, the old d-b to the new
d-b. she saw teachers hired and retired.
no
one else will ever have that kind of record at d-b. she was d-b’s greatest
resource. when someone wondered about the namesake of the east side middle
school, betty could say, “ross robinson, he hired me.”
yesterday
she walked out of d-b and headed to her park street home for the final time.
“they
said you’d know when to get out. it’s just time.”
what’s
next for betty cook? “not anything for awhile. just enjoy myself.”
she enjoyed
16 years of retirement. 
 
high scoring college basketball players 
caitlin
clark, the star basketball player from iowa, sits atop the ncaa record book as
the most prolific scorer in college basketball history, women or men. 
over
her four years, she has scored 3,771 points with perhaps as many as six games
remaining in the ncaa tournament this month. 
but despite
what you may hear, she is not the top all-time scorer in college basketball.
just the top ncaa scorer. the ncaa didn’t begin sanctioning women’s basketball
until 1982. 
if you are old enough, you may remember the days of immaculata
and delta state, powerhouse schools in the women’s’ game long before the ncaa
decided to get in on the action. they all played under the banner of the aiaw,
the association for intercollegiate
athletics for women, which sponsored a national tournament from 1972
till 1982. lynnette woodard of kansas held the aiaw record until clark
surpassed it in february.
there is still
one record ahead of her, although you may not have heard about it. 
pearl moore of
francis marion college in florence, south carolina holds the all-time scoring
record with 4,061 points over four seasons. moore’s record is sometimes
diminished because she played at a small school. francis marion is usually
identified as “tiny francis marion” but it wasn’t that tiny. in 1973, when
moore enrolled, it had 1,625 students. 
moore had
another disadvantage – there was no three-point shot during her college years,
1973-1977, and no shot clock.
moore’s coach at
francis marion, sylvia hatchell, who later won an ncaa women’s title at north
carolina, used to describe moore’s three-point shot in the days before a three point circle. “she would be on a breakaway
and she would actually slow down so the other team could catch up. then she would draw a
foul as she made the lay-up.”
(hatchell
graduated from carson-newman and got her masters at tennessee.)
moore’s
achievement was given credence in 1979 when she was featured in the comic strip
“according to guinness.” isn’t the guinness book of world records” the
reference used to solve all arguments?
so there you
have it, pearl moore is the greatest scorer in college basketball history.  
 
 if caitlin clark were to average 40 points in her
final six games in the tournament – and that assumes her team makes it to the
national championship game – she would finish with 4,011 points, still 50 shy
of pearl moore.
 
all the
attention to caitlin clark’s scoring has also brought renewed attention to
another great scorer, the greatest high school basketball player i ever saw in
person. 
 
in the
fall of 1965, i was a freshman at duke. it was definitely a different era. students
didn’t even have to have tickets to the games. we just lined up at the gym
door, showed our student id to the ticket taker and then grabbed a seat in one
of the student sections: lower sidelines or end zones. 
on december
10, duke played ucla in a much anticipated match up. ucla was the defending
national champion and ranked number one, although their best player, a freshman
named lew alcindor, had to stay back in los angeles.
so the
duke freshman team played a local junior college, southwood, in the preliminary
to ucla. 
these
frosh games were usually an opportunity for the fans to warm up, to get our
voices stretched out and our cheers in synch. 
southwood
had a guard who was a perfect target for our insults. he had big floppy hair
and socks that wouldn’t stay up with rubber bands, as much because of his bony
legs as the sock size. so we started razzing him. usually this would panic an
opponent, especially a freshman opponent. 
but
not this kid. he liked it. he gave us grins and winks. 
and
he gave us the game of a lifetime. 
he
played what today would be called the point guard. he brought the ball up
court. first time up he crossed mid-court and launched what had to be a 40-foot
shot. swish. 
we
really started razzing him then. 
so
next time down the court, he did the same thing. with the same result. swish. 
he
gave us a look, but not an angry look. it was a look that said, watch this. 
by
the third time our guards got the message and came out to guard him. he gave
them one juke fake and took off for an easy lay-up. 
our
freshman coach double-teamed him from then on. didn’t matter. he could shoot
over any two guys; anywhere from 40-feet in, he was a threat. he could dribble
around any two guys. and he could pass over, under, around or through our
entire team. 
you’ve
heard of players who were unstoppable. he was the definition of unstoppable. 
once
near the end of the first half he was trapped at midcourt. he flipped a pass
behind his back, between two of our defenders, to a man wide open under the
goal. 
our
fans gave him a standing ovation. 
the duke
freshmen ended up winning the game but that southwood kid, name of pete maravich,
won the crowd. 
 pete maravich at raleigh broughton high in 1964there
is a kingsport connection here. when i was a sophomore and sitting way down the
bench on the basketball team, i would occasionally get summoned to play against
the varsity. i hated having to guard leroy fisher, who was four inches taller
and four times better. charles hunley could just back into me and push me under
the goal. but the guy i hated to guard the most was worley ward, a gangly
six-six center with long, long arms. worley didn’t even start until the
tournament, when he came on strong, earning all-state tournament team and a
scholarship offer from north carolina state. he came back home the next summer
telling us about the coach’s son, a skinny kid who dribbled a basketball everywhere
he went. worley said the players would pile in a car to go get a bite to eat,
and the coach’s kid would ride shotgun with the window down, dribbling the ball
on the pavement as the car barreled down the street.
the n.c.
state coach was press maravich and the kid was pete, who would follow his dad
to lsu for the next season. and rewrite the record book. 
pete
scored 3,667 points in his three years at lsu, years without a three-point shot
or a shot clock. pete with his dad press - look how young pete looks
yeah,
it was a different era for pete and for pearl. 
i’m
sure if caitlin clark had played then, she would have been every bit as
dominant as she is today. 



posted by vince staten @ 1:07 pm  
      
         0 comments






friday, february 23, 2024



	 wedding announcements of the 60s
    


 wedding announcments used to fill the sunday newspaperit’s
a different newspaper today than it was 50 years ago.no
baseball box scores, no full-page stock tables, no tv and radio listings. and
obituaries? no problem as long as you are willing to pay for the obituary, by
the word. a
staple of the sunday paper in those bygone days was the wedding announcement.
the sunday “home and family” section was filled with them.  typical
was this wedding announcement that i picked at random from the january 17, 1965
of the kingsport times-news, headlined:melinda
edwards becomes brideit
was one of 19 (!) wedding announcements in that sunday’s paper!  wedding
announcements always began by setting the scene:broad
street methodist church was the scene of the wedding of miss melinda carol
edwards and stephen kent fritschle. rev. ted r. witt jr. performed the
double-ring ceremony at 4 p.m. saturday.then
they introduced the bride, groom and their parents:the
bride is the daughter of mr. and mrs. lloyd l. edwards, 2352 pendragon road.the
bridegroom is the son of mr. and mrs. clifton e. fritschle of 4171 skyland
drive.next
came a narrative of the ceremony:mrs.
l. p. gregory, organist, and mrs. f. l. hamilton, vocalist, provided a program
of wedding music.the
church was decorated with a background of smilax with large cathedral candles
at the front of the church. arrangements of white snap-dragons, gladioli, and
chrysanthemums were used on each side of the altar. the pews were marked with
white bows and white flowers.[for
the uninitiated, like me, smilax is a genus of about 300–350 species, found in
the tropics and subtropics. they are climbing flowering plants, many of which
are woody and/or thorny.]perhaps
most important in those days, a detailed description of the bride’s gown:given
in marriage by her father, the bride wore a silk organza floor-length sheath
with scoop neckline and bridal point sleeves. re-embroidered chantilly lace and
pearl trim encircled the bodice and skirt, which had a detachable bouffant
chapel-length overskirt. her shoulder-length veil was of english silk illusion
with organza petals of chantilly lace and seed pearl trim. she carried a
cascade bouquet of white cattleya and phalaenopsis orchids.now
the wedding party with more fashion descriptions:the
maid of honor was miss mary lawson groseclose. she wore a floor-length
turquoise chiffon sheath with scoop neckline, empire waist, and matching
chiffon overskirt edged in velvet.her
headdress was a matching velvet bow with tiers of turquoise veiling. she
carried a cascade bouquet of white camellias and roses.bridesmaids
were miss paula ripley and miss vicki mcintyre. their attire was identical to
that of the honor attendant. they carried cascade bouquets of white camellias.the
father of the bride-groom served as best man. ushers were mark fritschle,
brother of the bridegroom, and albert h. agett jr. next
came details about the post-wedding reception:following
the ceremony, a reception was given by the bride's parents at ridgefields
country club, under the direction of mrs. graham porterfield and mrs. blake
faris. [i should note that my mother baked many groom’s cakes for mrs.
portefield and mrs. faris and i suspect she did the groom’s cake for this one,
too.] mrs.
henry c. meeks introduced the guests to the wedding party. miss gay edwards,
cousin of the bride, presided at the bridal register.assisting
in serving were: mrs. russell h. miles, mrs. wiley h. weaver, miss cathy
weaver, mrs. c. b. duke, mrs. kenneth umberger, mrs. w. allen exum, mrs. james
edwards, mrs. t. w. glynn iii, mrs. w. b. greene, miss jan fritschle, and miss
elizabeth fritschle, sisters of the bridegroom, and mrs. val edwards.and
finally the honeymoon details: for
her traveling costume the bride chose an aqua blue three-piece double-knit
suit, with a jacket of matching suede. her accessories were beige and brown.
she wore the orchid from her bridal bouquet.biographical
sketches of the bride and groom followed that:the
bride was graduated from dobyns-bennett high school and attended east tennessee
state university where she was a member of alpha delta pi sorority. she is
employed by bennett and edwards, inc.the
bridegroom was graduated from dobyns-bennett high school. he is attending the
georgia institute of technology where he is majoring in engineering mechanics.
he is a member of theta chi fraternity. he is employed by the firm of wallace
and poole, associated architects.let
us not forget all the folks who feted the bride in the weeks leading up to the
ceremony:pre-nuptial
parties included an open house given by mr. and mrs. r. f. looney and their
daughter, allison looney; a linen shower given by misses paula ripley, mary
lawson groseclose and vicki mcintyre. a kitchen shower was given by mrs.
heywood modlin and mrs. thelma blankenbecler.mrs.
kenneth y. umberger, mrs. e. j. triebe, mrs. ralph baldock and mrs. millege
daniel were hostesses at a coffee. a luncheon was given by mrs. c. a. ross jr.
and mrs. russell h. miles. a miscellaneous shower was hosted by mrs. harley
needham, miss margie fleenor, mrs. r. g. dillard, mrs. a. p. harkins, miss
melba minton, miss peggy leonard, miss rita archer and mrs. ray clark. a coffee
was given by mrs. henry c. meeks, mrs. c. b. duke, mrs. w. b. greene, mrs.
wiley h. weaver, and mrs. james edwards.the
rehearsal dinner was given by the bridegroom's parents at ridgefields country
club.[melinda
edwards was d-b ’63; stephen fritschle was d-b ’61. the wedding pictures here are not of edwards but are typical photos of 60s brides. her wedding picture on the microfilm was too dark to reproduce here.] wedding
announcements weren’t so elaborate thirty years earlier. here’s a typical one
from the april 11, 1935 edition of the kingsport times:mr.
and mrs. john n. lady announce the marriage of their daughter margaret maxine to
mr. faustine i. white monday, the eighth of april nineteen hundred thirty-five in
bristol, virginia.the
wedding was solemnized on monday morning at 11 o'clock in the home of rev.
sullins dosser. a few out-of-town guests of the bride and groom attended the wedding.mrs.
white is the attractive daughter of mr. and mrs. john lady of this city.mr.
white is the son of mr. and mrs. j. j. white and is an employe of the meade
fibre corporation. he is a graduate of the dobyns-bennett high school.mr.
and mrs. white will leave today by motor for washington. they will be at home
after april the fourteenth, at 837 dale street. lest
we forget that not all weddings go according to plan, here is this 1935 story
from, where else, newport, tennessee:wedding
guest is cause of midnight fight at newporttwo
newlyweds and three guests are locked in jail, awaiting charges of last nightnewport,
may 5. - two newlyweds and three guests at their wedding celebration are locked
in the newport jail today, awaiting charges of breach of peace as the result of
a midnight fight in which the son-in-law of the new bridegroom was shot thru
both hips, struck with a poker and stabbed.howard
morgan, 40, the wounded man, is alleged to have sat in the lap of a 17-year-old
girl at the wedding party, bringing on the general fight. ill feeling between
morgan and several other guests is known to have existed for some time, the
police were informed. bobby
peters, singing starkingsport
football star and state senator bobby peters had another claim to fame in the
sixties, a recording career, albeit a brief one. from the dec. 13, 1963 kingsport
times: bobby
peters records ballad about kennedyformer
state sen. r. l. (bobby) peters has turned his talents to the field of music.peters,
a kingsport businessman, announced today that he has composed the music and
written lyrics for a ballad titled "a sunny day in dallas" in an
effort to express the emotions felt by americans and other peoples following
the assassination ofpresident john f. kennedy.
peters said he has recorded the song and that the record, released to area
radio stations thursday, will be available to the public here soon.peters,
who narrowly lost the nomination for congress in tennessee's first congressional
district in 1962, is a graduate of princeton university.while
at princeton, he met kennedy who was a student at harvard and then did not see
him again until the two met in nashville while kennedy was campaigning for the
presidency.
peters
said he composed the song "out of great respect” for the late president.link to peter's recording:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywrtxwtkpcyif this link doesn't work, go to youtube and search for "honorable bob peters.")at the time of this recording, bobby
peters was, in addition to being a state senator, the president of
clinchfield supply, a building supply company on east market street. he named
his record label “clinchfield records.”
the recording is
included with 15 other songs on the album “tragic songs from the grassy knoll:
john f. kennedy 50th anniversary” (norton records of cleveland, ohio, 1994, $14.95).



posted by vince staten @ 10:47 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, february 16, 2024



	 kingsport in 1911, robert leonard, bobby cross
    


 kingsport
in 1911 as told by w.g. “gould” davidson to mary clement in 1951: "kingsport
was one house wide and two miles long"
 
"i
used to ride up to kingsport from new canton [a neighborhood in what is now
church hill] on an old pack horse with two rolls of wool to swap. there were
lots of boats on the river then hauling grain and wool. and a sight o' logs
rafted down to chattanooga.
"i’ve
slept all night on the ground where kingsport is when the river was so high you
couldn't ford it or ferry it."
davidson
was born november 19, 1861, in hawkins county, 3 miles from rogersville. he has
been married four times, each time to a girl from east tennessee, and has two
sons living, charley, of new canton, and jim, of ellensburg, washington. a
southern methodist and a democrat, he once served as a constable and also as
deputy for sheriff john barton in hawkins county.
in
the year 1922 alone, he says, he helped capture 272 moonshine stills. he has
little sympathy with lawbreakers of any sort. "any good citizen ought to
be a law-abidin' citizen," he says emphatically. "just because a man
is a poor man doesn't mean he can't abide by the law if he tries."
davidson
spent 22 years as a farmer and now makes his home at 533 peach orchard drive,
lynn garden.
although
he uses a cane for walking, he is still robust. he has a keen memory and a
lively sense of humor.
an
"exhibition" held at the bradshaw's chapel school when he was 14 is
one of his most vivid recollections.
"i
was just a chunk of a boy then," davidson explains," but i always had
a lot of brass. there were 32 young men on the platform that day. i gave a
speech about indians and i won the medal."
the
old man paused for emphasis, and directing his level gaze at his listeners,
repeated from beginning to end the oration that won the medal for him - the
saga of a lonely indian in a land won by the white man.
davidson
recalls the time when he could milk 28 cows in an hour and a half, and stack as
much as fifty tons of hay in one day.
but
in spite of that, he thinks life was better in the old days when kingsport was
just a little boat port on the holston and beef sold for 4 1/2 cents a pound.
his heart is with the carefree days when money didn't mean so much and people
took things a bit slower.
"my
grandfather, gould davidson," he recalls, with a twinkle in his eyes,
"owned all the land that gate city now stands on. but he was an awful
feller to drink.
"one
day he went into the court house over there at gate city and the judge fined
him ten dollars for cussing.
"gould
pulled a twenty out of his pocket, handed it to the judge, and headed for the
door. the judge called to him to wait a minute and get his change. ‘oh, no,
judge,’ gould said. 'you just keep it. i may want to cuss again
directly.'"
 
 
 name your baby "bobby"
bobby
was a big name in kingsport in the fifties and i can trace that fact to a
column that ran in the kingsport times on sunday oct. 16, 1938.
it
was a sports column by sports editor frank rule and the headline read name
your baby "bobby"
“kingsport
has had its bobby dodd, its bobby peters and several other
all-something-or-other stars in recent years and now comes along a lad who so
far has bewildered this corner by his dazzling feats on the gridiron. bobby
cifers. well on his way to establish a new scoring record for kingsport, the
big six conference and the state, has another year to shine with the indians,
but already he has marked himself as one of the immortals.”
 those
three bobbys – dodd, peters and cifers - gave us many of the local high school
sports stars like bobby tate, bobby bedford, bobby slaughter, bobby reagan and
bobby strickler.
we
lost two well-known kingsport bobs last month: all-state basketball player bob
leonard and all-conference football quarterback bobby cross. 
 robert leonard rip
robert
“bob” leonard, star of the dobyns-bennett basketball teams of the early
sixties, died january 18th in winston-salem. his obituary mentioned his nba
career. i didn’t remember it, probably because i was in college at the time,
the time being before espn and sports talk radio. 
i
dug around and discovered the robert leonard-nba connection. 
a may
12, 1966 kingsport times-news story was headlined “leonard drafted by
lakers” and gives a good overview of his basketball days:
 
robert
leonard, an all-state basketball player at dobyns-bennett high school, was
drafted yesterday by the los angeles lakers of the national basketball league
in the fifth round of the nba draft.
an
all-american standout at wake forest last season, leonard now has his chance to
have his dream come true, and that is to play pro basketball.
while
at wake forest, bob tallied 1,637 points in his 80 varsity games over a three-
year period and averaged 20.4 points per contest. his freshman average was a
neat 19.9 points per game.
bob's
1,637 points is the school's third highest. bob netted 603 points last season
playing for the deacs and he joined three other deacon standouts in this honor.
the others were dickie hemrick, len chappel and paul long.
he
was also an all-atlantic coast conference performer for the past three seasons
at wake forest and picked by the pro scouts to the second team all-american
team last season. he made the helm's all-american squad in his junior year.
not
only did leonard lead the deacons in rebounding last season but averaged 23.3
points a game.
 the
winston-salem journal of june 29,
1966 picks up the story under the headline “bob leonard fails to make laker
roster:”
the
pro basketball career of bob leonard, the wake forest standout, lies somewhere
between los angeles and baltimore.
leonard,
picked by the los angeles lakers in the college basketball draft this year,
attended tryout camp in los angeles recently.
"i
did all right," leonard said yesterday, "but they just have too many
guards. they told me that they would get in in touch with baltimore (the
bullets) to see if they might be interested in having me try out."
the
lakers have signed john wetzel, who played at virginia tech. according to
leonard. "they have always wanted to get a tall guard, and wetzel is 6-5.
i don't know how he will do when he runs up against some fast guards,"
leonard said.
concerning
his immediate future, leonard said, "right now i just want to get through
with school; i can think about basketball later."
leonard
is completing his requirement for a bachelor's degree at wake forest by taking
one course this semester.
 
true
to their word the lakers got him a tryout with the baltimore bullets. according
to an oct. 5, 1966 report in the winston-salem twin city sentinel: 
paul
long, who will captain wake forest's basketball team this winter, and some of
his buddies went to charlotte saturday night to see the baltimore bullets play
the st. louis hawks in a national basketball association exhibition game.
long
was hoping to cheer for bob leonard, who is now on the baltimore roster, but
the former wake forest captain didn't get into the game. mike farmer, the bullets'
coach, used only six players as his team beat the hawks, 114-109, and snapped a
three-game losing streak.
leonard
said he hadn't played much in the exhibition games. he suffered a groin injury
early in the bullets' training camp and it slowed him down some. but he's
feeling fine now, has survived the first squad cut and thinks he may stay with
baltimore.
"i'm
trying to sharpen every phase of my game now," said leonard. "your
whole game has to be better to stick up here. i really haven't had trouble with
any one thing. i'm just trying to improve everything."
bob
ferry, the bullets' center, is one of leonard's biggest boosters. "i've
been in this league 10 years and bob is the best defensive rookie to come up.”
 
leonard
made it to the final 16 on the roster but on oct. 8, 1966, he was one of the
baltimore bullets final three cuts. 
he
returned to winston-salem, finished his undergrad degree and began law school,
all the while staying in shape by playing in the local city league.
 
then
on june 12, 1969 the winston-salem twin city sentinel reported:
bob
leonard, a former wake forest basketball star, is listed on the rookie camp
roster of the carolina cougars. but leonard, who is in law school at wake
forest, says this does not mean that he is trying out for the team.
"i
have finished two years of law school and i am in the summer break," said
leonard yesterday. "i have been playing basketball every winter in the
city league, on the same team with whitey bell (a former n.c. state player).
i'm not in mid-season shape, but i'm in pretty good shape. i think it will be
fun to go over there and see what i can do.
"i'd
like to see coach (bones) mckinney again and some of the boys who will be in
the camp. i'd like to see how i could do against them. it's sort of a
challenge."
[bones
mckinney was his coach at wake forest.]
if
things go well, will leonard play with the cougars?
bob
hesitated. "i just don't know,"
he said. "i think i would have to wait and make that decision when it
comes. i have another year of law school and i have worked too hard these first
two years to give it all up."
 
he
did decide to go to rookie camp but once again the numbers were against him and
he didn’t make the squad.
he
finished law school, got his law degree, passed the bar and in 1972 was elected
forsyth county district judge, at 28 the youngest judge ever elected in north
carolina. 
 
d-b
scoring leaders
from
the march 15, 1962 kingsport times-news, dobyns-bennett basketball’s top
scorers of the 1961-1962 season, robert leonard’s senior season:
robert
leonard finished the 1961-62 season with 479 points as dobyns-bennett's top
scorer, followed by walker locke with 346 and ken pruett with 186.
others
in order were eugene bush, 135; earl lovelace, 121; richard arnold, 120; john
shipley, 80; charles hunley, 69; dick nelms, 63; ron litton, 35, tony poe, 35;
jerry mcclellan, 15.
 
 
i
never heard anyone call robert leonard “bobby.” it was always robert or bob. i
had breakfast frequently in the early 2000s with his older brother charlie and
he always called him “robert.” 
but
there was another genuine kingsport “bobby” who also died recently. bobby
cross’s full name, as announced in the kingsport times when he was born
in august 1943 was bobby gerald cross. 
bobby
cross was an honorable mention all-state quarterback who led dobyns-bennett to
its second consecutive state championship in 1960 (this was before playoffs,
when polls determined the state champion). he died january 28 at age 80.
that
1960 football team went undefeated against tennessee opponents, losing only to
roanoke (virginia) jefferson high 14-12. 
bobby
had been the back up to all-southern quarterback wally bridwell on the 1959 state
championship team that went 9-0-1, with a tie against roanoke jefferson. 
bobby
lived two doors down from me when i was growing up. i can remember him as one
of the big kids, playing football in my next-door neighbor’s backyard. many
future d-b football stars came out of those backyard games, including bobby,
danny minor, darwin compton and ken tolliver.
every
now and then the big boys would let a tyke like me play – i was four years
younger than the youngest of the gang, and eight years the junior to many. 
on one
of those rare plays that i got in, i decided to use the “body block” technique
that i had just learned on gary cox, who was seven years older than me.
needless to say, i got the wind knocked out of me. 
the
first big kid to run over to me was bobby cross, who kept telling me, “you’ll
be okay, just take a deep breath.” 
it
worked. i’m still here.
that
was the way bobby was, a big heart, and the first to notice and run to help
when someone else was struggling.
 
i
wasn’t much bigger than a football when i watched those big kids play next door.
there were usually four boys to a side and they wore out the grass in that
yard. 
the
homeowner, walter shankel, was watching the game one autumn afternoon when his
friend grady asked, “aren’t you worried that those boys are going to destroy
your lawn?”
 walter, one of the calmest people i have ever
known, replied, “that grass will grow back. but someday those boys will be
gone.”
 
d-b’s
1960 football team
d-b’s
football team finished first in the state in both the upi and litkenhous
rankings in 1960 but wound up second to nashville litton in the ap poll. litton,
which was undefeated in the regular season, went on to lose in the nashville
clinic bowl to battle ground academy. but that was after the final ap poll. d-b
actually had more first place votes in the final ap poll but were ranked fourth
and fifth on a number of, uh, middle tennessee ballots. 
the
litratings, which relied on a mathematical formula based on
difference-by-score, didn’t conclude until after the bowl games. bga finished
second to d-b in the litratings. 
d-b
finished with a 104.8 litrating. bga had a 101.1, which meant, according to dr.
frank litkenhous, creator of the rating system, that if the two teams met on a
neutral field, d-b would win by 3 or 4 points. 
the
lowest ranked east tennessee team in the final litrating was boones creek with
a score of 13.7. 
the
highest rated team in the state was chattanooga baylor with a 108.2 score but
they were fenced off into a separate category with seven other private prep
schools.  



posted by vince staten @ 7:58 am  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  vince staten 

vince staten is the author of fifteen books, including "did monkeys invent the monkey wrench," "can you trust a tomato in january," "ol' diz: a biography of dizzy dean," and the barbecue travel guide, "real barbecue." he has been a columnist for the new york daily news, the louisville courier-journal, the dayton daily news and the kingsport times news. 
view my complete profile



links



 







site feed
previous posts

the celtics steal the show
the unhandyman
a dining group through the a-i ages
the loss of a d-b legend
wedding announcements of the 60s
kingsport in 1911, robert leonard, bobby cross
making the society pages fun to read
jean harris, neighborhood mom
hurricane vince
civic auditorium in for some changes

archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
july 2012
october 2012
december 2012
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
september 2013
october 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
april 2014
august 2014
february 2015
march 2015
april 2015
may 2015
july 2015
january 2017
july 2017
may 2018
june 2018
july 2018
august 2018
october 2018
april 2019
may 2019
june 2019
july 2019
august 2019
september 2019
october 2019
november 2019
december 2019
january 2020
february 2020
march 2020
april 2020
may 2020
june 2020
july 2020
august 2020
september 2020
october 2020
november 2020
december 2020
january 2021
february 2021
march 2021
april 2021
may 2021
june 2021
july 2021
august 2021
september 2021
october 2021
november 2021
december 2021
january 2022
february 2022
march 2022
april 2022
may 2022
june 2022
july 2022
august 2022
september 2022
october 2022
november 2022
december 2022
january 2023
february 2023
march 2023
april 2023
may 2023
june 2023
july 2023
august 2023
september 2023
october 2023
february 2024
march 2024
april 2024
june 2024
july 2024









 













