





portland community college


















skip to page content





portland community college | portland, oregon







menu






get started


programs
class schedule
about
student life




search
resources
contacts
calendars
give
log in to mypcc










start your academic journey here.
we're here to support your goals, whatever they may be.
apply to pcc


pause animation























spring term class schedule available!
registration begins february 24 and term begins march 31.
see the schedule





open house for adult learners
learn about pcc's programs and services on march 13.
sign up for the open house




sign up for pcc alerts
get notified about weather alerts and campus closures.
sign up now





 


a program for you
with hundreds of options to choose from, we have a field of study that is right for you.
view all programs




 academic programs





 degrees and certificates



















arts, humanities, communication, and design















business and entrepreneurship


















construction, manufacturing tech, and transportation















healthcare and emergency professions















public service, education, and social sciences
















science, technology, engineering, and math












arts, humanities, communication, and design
prepare for a creative career with classes focused on current professional practices and taught by faculty connected to local employers.
view  programs









3 student-led theatre productions each year




loading...




example programs:

graphic design
multimedia
spanish






close arts, humanities, communication, and design details




business and entrepreneurship
learn to help businesses thrive with financial, communication, and organization skills taught by faculty with industry experience.
view  programs









1,200 over 1,200 accounting clerk job openings per year are projected in the portland metro area




loading...




example programs:

accounting
management
marketing






close business and entrepreneurship details




construction, manufacturing tech, and transportation
learn by doing hands-on projects in short-duration sessions that fit your schedule and give you practical experience to start your career.
view  programs









29 short-term awards to get you on the job in a year or less




loading...




example programs:

apprenticeship and trades
aviation science
welding






close construction, manufacturing tech, and transportation details




healthcare and emergency professions
find a rewarding career in healthcare or emergency services through one of our 16 academic programs.
view  programs









95% over 95% of pcc nursing graduates pass their licensure exam each year




loading...




example programs:

emergency medical services
medical imaging
veterinary technology






close healthcare and emergency professions details




public service, education, and social sciences
support our communities with the skills and knowledge you’ll gain from studying public service professions or social sciences.
view  programs









42.8% portland-area preschool teachers are expected to see a 42.8% increase in job growth




loading...




example programs:

addiction counseling
paralegal
psychology






close public service, education, and social sciences details




science, technology, engineering, and math
gain the technical skills you need to start your career in science and technology through our hands-on programs.
view  programs









1,000 bioscience students complete up to 1,000 hours of hands-on lab experience while at pcc




loading...




example programs:

biology
computer science
electronic engineering technology






close science, technology, engineering, and math details




 
flexibility to meet your needs
you can complete your education at pcc or move on to a 4-year college or university.
61% of students enroll part-time. enrolling part-time can help you attain your learning and career goals while managing the cost of tuition, as well as balancing work, family, hobbies and other obligations.




short term
see certificates you can earn in 1 year or less





2 years
see associate degrees and certificates you can earn in 2 years





4 years
see what you can study for 2 years at pcc plus 2 years at a college or university








university transfer
starting your bachelor's degree at pcc will cost a fraction of what universities charge. study in small classes with faculty dedicated to teaching rather than research.
learn about the transfer process






5600 students transfer credits to 4-year schools each year





47 programs designed to transfer to a 4-year college or university










 


same education, less money
a pcc education is about 50% less than a public university and about 86% less than the cost of a private university in oregon. and, with plenty of options for financial aid and flexible payment plans, you can keep your education budget-friendly.
tuition and fees paying for college


below is a chart comparing pcc's tuition to the average tuition of oregon public and private universities. pcc's tuition is a little less than half the amount of public universities and about 10% the amount of private universities.

$0
$10,000
$20,000
$30,000
$40,000



pcc




or public university




or private university


estimated 2024-25 cost of annual attendance for a full-time, resident student (12-18 credits per term). calculation based on publicly available recruitment materials.






70% over 70% of students receive financial aid each year





$2m in pcc scholarships awarded each year





1100 classes have free books each term





2800 students benefit from oregon promise at pcc






at a location near you

with our multiple locations across the portland metropolitan area, getting to class is easy at pcc. and our free shuttles between campuses and public transit options make classes work with your schedule. don’t want to come to campus? we have plenty of online learning options to meet your needs.

view all locations visit pcc






cascade campus
an easily accessible campus in north portland at the intersection of n albina ave and n killingsworth st in portland's humboldt neighborhood





rock creek campus
a spacious campus in the high-tech corridor near hillsboro and beaverton at the intersection of nw 185th ave and nw springville rd two miles north of u.s. highway 26





southeast campus
pcc's newest campus in diverse southeast portland at the intersection of se 82nd ave and se division st in portland's montavilla neighborhood





sylvania campus
a wooded campus between lake oswego and tigard one mile from the sw capitol hwy u.s. interstate 5 exit in portland's far southwest neighborhood 




centers



climb center on se water ave two blocks south of the se hawthorne blvd bridge in portland's hosford-abernethy neighborhood
columbia county center (omic tc) in scappoose near the airport off w lane rd and ne wagner ct
hillsboro center at the intersection of se baseline st and se 8th ave near downtown hillsboro
metro center (pmwtc) at the intersection of ne 42nd ave and ne killingsworth st in portland's cully neighborhood




newberg center at the intersection of brutscher st and e fernwood rd in eastern newberg
swan island trades center at the intersection of n cutter cir and n leverman st just off swan island in portland's overlook neighborhood
vanport building at the intersection of sw montgomery st and sw 5th ave in downtown portland near portland state university (psu)
willow creek center in western beaverton two miles south of u.s. highway 26 at the sw 185th ave max station











centers



climb center on se water ave two blocks south of the se hawthorne blvd bridge in portland's hosford-abernethy neighborhood
columbia county center (omic tc) in scappoose near the airport off w lane rd and ne wagner ct
hillsboro center at the intersection of se baseline st and se 8th ave near downtown hillsboro
metro center (pmwtc) at the intersection of ne 42nd ave and ne killingsworth st in portland's cully neighborhood




newberg center at the intersection of brutscher st and e fernwood rd in eastern newberg
swan island trades center at the intersection of n cutter cir and n leverman st just off swan island in portland's overlook neighborhood
vanport building at the intersection of sw montgomery st and sw 5th ave in downtown portland near portland state university (psu)
willow creek center in western beaverton two miles south of u.s. highway 26 at the sw 185th ave max station








 
your success is important
at pcc, we have services to help you thrive as a student. get help with your schoolwork, childcare, groceries, or any other challenge life throws at you, and get involved with the campus community.
see all the ways we support your student life



help with school
tutoring, advising, computer labs, libraries



help with money
emergency funds, jobs on campus, free shuttles



family services
childcare, family study rooms, lactation rooms



you belong
diversity centers, clubs, disability services



food options
dining services, food banks, farm stand, gardens



immigrant services
support for immigrant and international students



arts
galleries, performing arts, public art installations



athletics
gyms, fitness classes, basketball team, soccer teams



leadership
student government, leadership programs


see all the ways we support your student life




opportunities no matter your goal
pcc has programs for many types of non-traditional students.




community education
enrich your life with hundreds of non-credit classes





international
study in the usa in over 100 areas of study





esol
improve your english skills for non-native speakers





ged®
prepare for and take your high school completion test





high school
earn college credit while still in high school





workforce development
gain skills and connect with employers






what's happening around pcc
stay up-to-date with pcc and our community.
see all stories see all events follow pcc on social

announcements



sign up for pcc alerts get a message about unexpected closures or emergencies




pcc featured news




loading...

read the story







student



loading...
read the story




faculty and staff



loading...
read the story



stories from around the college


loading...


loading...




connect with us
come to an upcoming event or check out pcc on social media.

pcc featured events





pcc facebook


pcc x


pcc instagram


pcc youtube





 


take the next step
take the next step in your academic journey at pcc. we will support you in building your future.
apply to pcc visit pcc contact pcc


poppie the panther at an event
 poppie the panther










continue exploring pcc

student essentials

get started: admissions
paying for college
academic calendar
online learning



on campus

locations and maps
transportation
library
bookstore



connect

jobs at pcc
panther athletics
guía en español
panther pride



get help

accessibility
privacy policy
get help with this website
send website corrections





copyright © 2000– portland community college 
          an affirmative action equal opportunity institution



pcc facebook
pcc x
pcc instagram
pcc youtube












