










mcgowan water | water softeners & water filtration systems
























































follow

bill pay















about
residential
commercial
services
faq’s
contact












 












better water.better service.
more expertise.
at mcgowan water, our customers always come first.
we are committed to delivering excellence in water quality, service and expertise. with a team of industry-leading experts, we offer top-rated products and comprehensive water solutions backed by knowledge and dedication. trust mcgowan for an unwavering commitment to quality, service and customer well-being.

get a free water analysisresidential products














residential products
from water softeners for a luxurious bathing experience, to water filtration systems ensuring pure drinking water, and reverse osmosis systems for crystal-clear ice cubes, we have it all. safeguard your family’s health with our uv lights, eliminating harmful bacteria and viruses. experience the convenience and peace of mind that our products provide. upgrade your home today with our top-of-the-line water treatment solutions.








commercial products
discover the perfect solution for your business’s water needs with our commercial water treatment systems. from powerful filtration systems ensuring impeccable water quality, to industrial-grade water softeners for optimal efficiency, and state-of-the-art reverse osmosis systems providing pure water on demand, we offer unparalleled reliability and performance.
 










softener salt delivery
skip the heavy lifting of salt bags and let mcgowan water deliver and place it in your water softener for complete convenience. we deliver softener salt to more than 150 homes and businesses each week in and around the mankato area.








repair services
is your water hard or rusty? are you tired of paying for service calls that don’t seem to get the job done? mcgowan water can help. we offer over 100 combined years of water conditioning experience to our loyal customers.









we believe in service over sales.











experience the mcgowan difference







the promate ecomax!
enjoy soft water throughout your home with the promate ecomax—the most efficient water softener on the market. it uses 40 percent less salt and water than the average water softener.
to learn more, give us a call today!  (507) 388-3361




 












for 60 years, mcgowan water has been serving mankato and southern minnesota with water treatment services and products to provide clean water for healthy living. we offer free professional water testing before suggesting any water conditioning system. our wide variety of water treatment products—both residential and commercial— are perfect for municipal and well water applications including: filtration systems, water softeners, reverse osmosis and ultraviolet lights.




quick links

online bill pay
services
contact us

follow



start with a free water analysis






water analysis







name
		*




phone
		*




email
		*




zip code
		*




preferred contact method
		*

  
 phone
 
 email




submit





					if you are human, leave this field blank.				















copyright © 2025 | mcgowan water conditioning | all rights reserved.



 
















