



ecotone – food for biodiversity




 




































skip to content












































our company

our manifesto
biodiversity & responsibility
our brands & products
our story
our leadership team


our brands
our foundation
join us
news
























whole earth foods joins kp snacks
more


our impact report is out!
read


ecotone, the european and french leader, confirms its growth
more (in french)


ecotone winner of the biodiversity champion responsible business awards!
more


ecotone inaugurates the “caféière”, europe’s largest organic coffee and tea factory, at a cost of 10 million euros
more


ecotone won the sustainability food award 2023
read


 we are b corp recertified with 116,5 points! we are now the world’s highest b corp score multinational food business!
more







our company at a glance



80% organic



97% plant-based



europe’s first largest b corp food business



1,600 employees





9 manufacturing centers in 7 countries in europe



16 purposeful brands



€690m turnover



1 charitablefoundation



learn more





our game-changing recipe:to restore and protect ecosystems



no chemicals



plant-based meal & dairy alternatives



fighting food standardisation



above & beyond organic farming



restore & protect biodiversity



learn more





meet our family of biodiversity-feeding brands



bjorg
 bjorg is the leader and pioneer of the organic market in france, with a focus on healthier, more balanced quality foods spanning dairy-free drinks, vegetable cooking aids, breakfast cereals, biscuits and meat alternatives. 



clipper
clipper is the uk’s first and largest fair trade and organic tea brand and now a household favourite in more than 50 countries across europe and the world, too. it was the first to introduce unbleached, non-gm and fully biodegradable tea bags of which is now sells more than 1bn a year. the winner of more than 60 great taste awards in 20 years clipper’s commitment is to always be natural fair & delicious



bonneterre
organic and better for people and the planet.created in 1973 by the pioneer robert bonneterre, the brand brings human know-how and fruits of the earth together through organic and tasty recipes.bonneterre is the most trusted and best-known brand in french health food stores.



allos
allos was established in 1974 on a farm in drebber, in northern germany. the rural farm remained home to the organic pioneer as the brand kept growing and became market leader for organic cereals, bars and fruit spreads in german health food stores. with its flagship project “biene sucht blüte”, founded in 2012 by passionate employees, allos is eager to preserve biodiversity by providing food and habitat for bees.



alter eco
pioneer of fair trade and organic chocolate and coffee in france. working together with farmers for decades already on preserving an rejuvenating ecosystems, reversing climate change and better living conditions. also, the chocolate tastes amazing :).



abbot kinney’s
it’s time to flip the standard and make plant-based the new norm. since 2014 it has been abbot kinney’s mission to create the most delicious dairy alternatives, using simple, organic and natural ingredients. that’s simply better for wildlife, soil and farm animals. plant-based is the way forward, so, abbot kinney made it delicious.



danival
since 1990, danival has been dedicated to making healthy, tasty and locally-sourced organic ready-to-eat recipes (fruit purees, ready meals and the first, made-in-france, japanese products (miso). at the andiran mill (south west france), danival was one of the first french companies to be bio ecocert certified.



destination
destination has sourced the best organic and fairtrade coffee beans and tea leaves from across the world since 1999. it is the number one organic coffee brand in french health food stores and is dedicated to continuing the traditional french know-how of artisanal coffee roasting at its facility in bordeaux.



ecocesta
delicious organic food for everyone. ecocesta was born in spain to make organic food accessible for every consumer in their daily grocery shopping. the brand champions eating organic food as a healthy, delicious and sustainable way of living.



el granero integral
bringing organic food to consumers since 1982. el granero is a trusted and established brand committed to making quality foods for today’s consumers and future generations. it has a broad portfolio of more than 500 delicious, high quality and sustainable products. it is why el granero is the leading organic brand in the health food trade in spain.



isola bio
organic to the roots, plant based at heart. since 1999, isola bio has served organic deliciousness; becoming the #1 dairy-alternative brand in health food stores in italy and a world-leading brand. a true pioneer, it crafts the healthiest recipes with the finest plant ingredients straight from its own lands – taking care of you and the planet.



kallø
good, honest food that is better by nature. kallo makes a wide range of gluten-free snacks including rice, corn, lentil and veggie cakes to organic stocks and gravies for hassle-free home cooking. the brand takes pride in using carefully-selected natural and simple ingredients – with no added artificial preservatives, colourings or flavourings.



little lunch
little lunch, the lunch break revolution. since 2015 little lunch has been redefining the convenience concept – from “quick & dirty” to “sustainable, easy & healthy”. its focus is on the highest quality, sustainable packaging as well as exceptional recipes and delicious taste. for its ready-to-eat soups and sauces, it only uses the best organic ingredients, ensures an extra high proportion of vegetables and consciously avoids artificial additives and preservatives.



tartex
tartex is famous for its delicious vegetarian spreads. with over 80 years of experience, the veggie pioneer is still bringing delicious, organic innovations to the market. located in the german black forest, tartex is not only close to nature, but bringing nature to the plate. the tasty savoury spreads are based on a wide range of organic ingredients and support biodiversity with diverse recipes. a perfect brand for dinner-time with the loved ones.



zonnatura
zonnatura has been an organic pioneer since it’s launch in 1954. it is the number one organic brand in dutch grocery stores. zonnatura was one of the first to bring on-trend and functional foods to the grocery channel in the netherlands. it is still doing this successfully with ingredients like kombucha and its pure ginger juice.



view all





news & happenings

farmtastic, our pioneer program that boosts biodiversitydid you know that what we eat accounts for 70% of biodiversity loss?







at ecotone, we truly bel…read more30 january 2025the pesticide map in france now includes the overseas territories!great news! the adonis map, which details pesticide use in france, now includes the overseas departm…read more15 january 2025whole earth foods joins kp snackskp snacks, part of the intersnack group, is pleased to announce that it has reached an agreement to …read more6 november 2024ecotone unveils uk’s first sustainable shopping basketthe uk’s top 10 most regularly purchased sustainable foods are revealed in an independent survey of …read more10 september 2024

view all














see what our team ofchange-makers are saying
follow us on linkedin









our family of businesses

abafoods
allos hof-manufaktur
biogran
bjorg & cie
bonneterre & cie
danival
destination
ecotone uk
wessanen benelux



useful links

b corp
tout mon bio



contact

let's be in touch!
join us









ecotone 2025 © all rights reserved | privacy notice | legal notice | csr policy | sustainability report | speak up | policies | contact us
created by seo.fr | site designed by bigfish




















































