







north lake avenue real estate guide


























skip to content







































 

                            north lake avenue real estate guide                        









homeabout usconnect 








  
 north lake avenue real estate guide
 
everything you need to know about real estate in pasadena, ca.
 





 residential. commercial. industrial.

talk to us





latest posts








 

11 gutter installation tips for california homes 2021-10-222021-10-14gutter installationlakeavef 


a house without gutters is like a car without brakes – it’s bound for disaster. gutter systems catch and redirect rainwater away from your home’s foundation, so it doesn’t fall apart. on top of that, it protects your roof from damage and mold.


but the big question is: is it even worth installing gutters in a region as sunny and bright as california? the short answer is yes. the longer answer is that yeesssss. there are times of the year when the golden state gets plagued by consistent rainfall. you’ll want to be prepared for that. knowing this, here are eleven neat gutter installation tips you should know about.


a house without gutters is like a car without brakes – it’s bound for disaster. 


1. find a contractor that specializes in gutters


like any other job, gutter installation is a craft. it’s crucial for protection, and curb appeal since installing gutters will help prevent erosion and protect landscaping. in light of this, it’s a good idea to hire someone who knows how to work with gutters.


while this may seem pretty obvious, many contractors try to be jacks-of-all-trades but fail to master the ins and outs of a particular job. plus, he’ll know how to install the gutter in a manner that will survive california’s climate for the years to come.


2. set a budget


like any other home renovation project, gutter installation costs can quickly spiral out of control when you’re not careful. since gutters aren’t exactly a glamorous item, it’s easy for people to buy any material and rush the job. however, this can lead to regret in the future when you realize that your money could have been spent more wisely. set a budget and have realistic expectations.


3. make a list of every material you’ll need


if you’re going to do the job, be sure to consider the supplies you’ll need and make a list of them. this includes not only the gutters themselves but also fasteners, sections, and tools you might need. this ensures that the installation will go smoothly as planned.


4. do your research on the type of gutter to use


while gutters have the same function, different types have varying levels of effectiveness. for example, aluminum gutters are lightweight and good at preventing leaks. however, vinyl gutters are cheaper despite being less reliable. but since it doesn’t rain much in cali, it’s a considerable compromise to make.


5. make sure to take measurements


you’ll never know if the gutter contractor has given you accurate measurements to work with. if you do the measurements yourself, however, you can be sure that the gutters will fit properly. also, remember to keep your measurements as accurate as possible. the most straightforward approach to this process is marking the roof section where the top of the gutter will rest. 


6. don’t skimp on applying sealant


it’s easy to get tempted into evenly distributing your sealant to save money. unfortunately, this practice will only come and bite you in the long run. inadequately applying sealant will raise the probability of water seeping into your home. to prevent this from happening, make sure to apply a nice thick coat of sealant across all joints exposed to the outside.


7. don’t space gutter hangers too far apart


you might have already taken measurements, but don’t forget to install gutter pieces close to each other. this is to prevent sagging in the long run. not only does a sagging gutter look bad, but it’s also less effective in funneling water away from the house too. 


8. prepare water bottles for installation day


it’s never a fun job installing gutters, especially when it gets hot in good old california. to make things easier for you or your contractors, have water bottles ready for consumption during the entire process. stay hydrated. you don’t want to spend that extra money on hospital bills, do you?


9. account for roof pitch


the roof pitch is the angle at which your roof rises from its lowest to the highest point. while most people are familiar with the pitch, few realize that gutters need to be installed in a way that takes it into account. steep slopes cause the downspouts to overflow, while the opposite causes water to pool in certain parts of the gutter. you want your gutters installed in a manner that allows the water to flow evenly.


10. use screws instead of rivets or nails on downspouts


screws and rivets both anchor the downspout to your home’s exterior siding. that said, screws provide a better option for two reasons:


a) they hold the entire section in place better.


b) screws give you the option of easily removing the downspout should you decide to upgrade, clean, or replace it at some point.


11. good snippers make the difference


the right snippers are your best friend when you’re installing gutters. you don’t want to spend hours of your life trying to cut around corners, make adjustments, or make sharp turns with a saw. so go ahead and pick up some quality snippers instead.


better go the extra mile than suffer from a leaky gutter later. 


one final extra tip


okay, maybe this one is kind of obvious, but a gutter installation is not a diy-friendly job. if the thought of hiring a contractor has crossed your mind at least once during this article, then do yourself a favor and hire someone. better go the extra mile than suffer from a leaky gutter later.


read more



 

pasadena real estate overview 2021 2021-09-012021-10-14real estatelakeavef 

the pasadena real estate market continues to rise since its post-recession lows in 2016. with the advent of residential and mixed-use developments, the city is quickly becoming one of california’s most rapidly expanding housing markets. in 2021, luxury apartments dot the metro with meager vacancy rates. on top of that, price points for single-family homes […]

read more



 

9 tips to make moving into a new home easier 2021-08-252021-08-27uncategorizedlakeavef 

only a few decisions in life are bigger than a move. you’ll be leaving behind your home, friends, and things you grew up with. but there are many reasons why you’ll want to relocate. maybe you need more space or better schools for your kids. perhaps you’re seeking a change of scenery or want a […]

read more



 

moving from southern california to texas 2021-07-162024-12-31moving to texaslakeavef 


you’ve heard of the saying, “everything is bigger in texas.”  it’s true that by sheer land area, texas is the largest in the contiguous united states. whether because it’s bigger (or better), many families and businesses are moving to texas from southern california. are you contemplating making the move? here’s what to know before leaving the golden state for the lone star state.


benefits of the lone star state


the most obvious reason for californians moving to the lone star state is the cost of living. but if it’s all about finances, then there are many other states where it’s even lower than texas. so why texas? maybe because it’s not so far from california. moving any distance can be isolating. likely because it feels like you’re leaving all your friends and family behind. here’s a look at why many are choosing to move to texas from california.


spend less, keep more


as mentioned, everything is cheaper and sometimes even bigger. and this isn’t just about the housing, but everything else as well. food, entertainment, healthcare, and higher education are cheaper than in southern california.


on top of that, there is no income state tax in texas. california has one of the highest income tax rates in the country. of course, the salaries may not compare to what you might see in california for the same position. the difference is you get to keep more of your income.


growing economy


elon musk isn’t the only one to notice. many other businesses like oracle, hp inc, and toyota have moved their headquarters to texas. austin has earned the nickname “silicon hills” for attracting many tech companies. this doesn’t mean there is a great exodus of businesses to texas from southern california. but unemployment is down and the economy is booming all across the lone star state, making it a lucrative place to do business.


the friendship state


another nickname of the lone star state is the friendship state. in texas, you can expect to be warmly welcomed and experience genuine hospitality. it’s good to know that texas isn’t as conservative or even backward as outsiders may have thought.


texas is filled with so many benefits.


the concerns


it may seem like texas is a great way to get financial independence and even new opportunities. but moving halfway across the country does have a few concerns you may want to think over before leaping.


a different climate


summers are pretty harsh in texas, so prepare for a different climate. you’ll experience extreme heat and humidity in the summer. something californians may not be so accustomed to. on top of that, spring brings hail, storms. and depending on where you settled down in texas, you may encounter a few tornadoes as well.


property taxes hurt


you won’t experience state income taxes in texas, but you will get a shock with the property taxes. in this area, california actually has one of the lowest property tax rates in the country. whereas in texas, it’s pretty high but somehow balances itself in a way. the housing market is so low compared to california. so you’ll find that you’re paying about the same amount of property tax but for a significantly larger home.


making the move


so if you’ve decided that texas is right for you, then you have to get into the actual moving part of the process. moving halfway across the country is no walk in the park, and everyone knows how stressful a move can be. moving across states adds a whole new layer of that to the problem. but interstate moving can be easier as long as you do the proper planning.


plan ahead


since you’re moving about 1,500 miles across the country, you’ll want to plan and make sure you have all the bases covered. according to great guys moving having a good moving plan is critical in making moving day as smooth and seamless as possible. of course, it helps if you have professional help. for example, los angeles traffic can be a nightmare to deal with. but the best movers in la can help you plan a route and schedule to navigate these issues.


get a reliable mover


reliable, professional movers can make or break your moving experience. this is especially true when you’re relocating across states. the costs will also vary on many factors such as distance and the number of items moved. for example, relocating from san diego to dallas can range from $4,000 to $12,000. the challenge is finding the best movers in san diego that fit your needs and budget with such a wide margin.


by moving to the lone star state, you’ll be able to start fresh.


get a new start


it’s always tempting to bring everything with you when relocating. your belongings have more value than monetary. but the fact of the matter is that the less you get, the less it’ll cost you to move. if you’re coming from a large home in pasadena, for example. you’ll find your move priced on the higher end unless you get rid of a lot of things. it’s hard to pare down your belongings, but you have to think of it as a brand new start in texas. by bringing fewer things, you have more budget to choose from among the best movers in pasadena. this way, you get more peace of mind knowing you’re moving with the best value for money.


read more



 

raising a young family: best neighborhoods in pasadena, california 2021-06-282021-07-23family friendly neighborhoodslakeavef 

just 10 miles away from downtown los angeles lies pasadena, a peaceful and cultured suburb that can seem like a world apart from the glitz and glam of tinseltown. housing in pasadena may not be as ridiculously priced as in some of its neighboring cities, but it’s getting there with many people realizing what a […]

read more











latest posts


11 gutter installation tips for california homes


pasadena real estate overview 2021


9 tips to make moving into a new home easier


moving from southern california to texas


raising a young family: best neighborhoods in pasadena, california


socialour sponsor










searching might help



 


recent posts


11 gutter installation tips for california homes


pasadena real estate overview 2021


9 tips to make moving into a new home easier


moving from southern california to texas


raising a young family: best neighborhoods in pasadena, california


 

our sponsor

 

connect 



            copyright ©2025 north lake avenue real estate guide
 all rights reserved. 🔒privacy policy









