




hawaiʻi technology development corporation






























 

 

 



skip to main content





 hawaii.gov
an official website of the state of hawaiʻi





search for:









search for:










 
hawaiʻi technology development corporation








homeabout us

about htdcour teamboard membersboard meetingsannual reportsnewslettersfaqs
programs

tech and innovation

hawaii capital (hi-cap)hawaiʻi tech bridgehawaiʻi small business innovation research (hsbir) programtechnology readiness user evaluation (true)hawaiʻi tax credit for research activities 
manufacturing

innovate hawaiʻi 
energy tech

hawaiʻi center for advanced transportation technologies (hcatt) 
development projects

pacific energy assurance renewables laboratory (pearl) microgrid 

funding

hawaii capital (hi-cap)hsbir grantsmanufacturing grantssponsorshipsaccelerators & small business training programs
resources

business support

legal helpe-commerce & digital marketingtraining videospast workshops & webinarsoʻahu business connectoraccelerator and small business training programs 
facilities

entrepreneurs sandboxmaui research & technology center 
working with us

procurement opportunitiesworkforce dev survey 

events

all events
newsjobscontact







hawaiʻi technology development corporation home page






hawaiʻi technology development corporation
htdc is a dynamic state agency driving hawaiʻi’s economic diversification by fostering innovation, developing talent, and providing capital. htdc is accelerating the growth of hawaiʻi’s tech industry, by creating new job opportunities & possibilities for our island residents. 
learn more about htdc












what's new
htdc fy25 funding opportunities now available: sbir, map, accelerator & small business training rfp-25-002-htdc
updated 12/13/2024 ** applications for these funding opportunities are now closed ** updated: 10/25/2024: click on the various program for details, eligibility and how to apply.
read more htdc fy25 funding opportunities now available: sbir, map, accelerator & small business training rfp-25-002-htdc






upcoming featured event
25th annual hawaii entrepreneur awards


					friday, february 21, 20255:00 pm - 9:30 pm					


waialae country club
4997 kahala avenue, honolulu, hi 96816

see event details 

see all events









hawaiʻi technology development corporation home page
 
 

 
programs for hawaiʻi businesses








for manufacturing 

as hawaiʻi’s manufacturing extension partnership (mep) center, htdc’s innovate hawaiʻi enhances the productivity, growth, and technical performance of small and medium-sized manufacturers. we work with the folks shaping industry trends and best practices. through our network, we’ll connect you with trusted advisors who can help address your immediate needs and plan a path to growth. 




tech and innovation 

htdc is focused on building a sustainable technology and innovation based ecosystem in hawaiʻi that fosters collaboration, entrepreneurship, and technological advancement. by providing co-working space, educational programs, funding, mentoring and access to resources, businesses can launch, quickly scale, and become globally competitive. 




energy tech 

with over 20 years of hydrogen and fuel cell research, demonstration and education in partnership with the u.s. air force and the state of hawaiʻi, htdc’s hcatt is a clean energy leader and serves as the state of hawaiʻi’s premier advocate for renewable energy technology integration and business development, facilitating the state’s transition to 100% renewable energy by 2045. 




see all of our programs

 


 
 


htdc’s impact



 
 
 
$62,000,000 
federal funding secured


 
 
300+ 
companies assisted


 
 
3,000+ 
jobs created


 
 
$72,000,000 
funding obtained


 
 

 
 
 
 
business resources
htdc’s comprehensive approach to supporting technology and innovation includes a variety of services tailored to the unique needs of businesses in hawaiʻi. from financial support to fostering a collaborative environment, htdc is dedicated to accelerating the growth of hawaiʻi’s innovation and technology-driven businesses. 
see all resources

 

 
 
funding

            a range of funding opportunities are available through htdc to help businesses launch, transition from research to commercialization, streamline operations, and diversify their product offerings so that they can reach both in-state, national and global customers. visit our funding page to learn more.          
 
 
procurement

            sponsorships have been instrumental in establishing new partnerships and enhancing htdc’s impact on the technology, manufacturing and innovation sectors in hawaiʻi. varying based on the availability of funds, support is available for events and programs that align with and promote tech entrepreneurship, innovation, and manufacturing within the state.          
 
 
jobs

            htdc’s commitment to nurturing the technology industry and its support for talent are integral to hawaiʻi’s economic growth and the creation of new job opportunities. through collaborations with businesses and educational institutions along with initiatives like the holiday tech job fair and more, htdc continues to play a pivotal role in shaping a skilled and competent workforce that can meet the demands of hawaiʻi’s burgeoning technology industry.          
 
 
training

            htdc is involved in developing talent to drive innovation and tech-enable local businesses to remain globally competitive. this includes educational programs and mentoring to grow businesses from startup to product launch. from on-site training for employees to professional training for business leaders, htdc offers an array of learning opportunities to propel your business forward.           


 
 


 


footer content



contact



													521 ala moana blvd
																			suite 255
																			honolulu,
													hi 
													96813												


tel: (808) 539-3806
fax: (808) 539-3795
info@htdc.org











newsletter

sign up to get the latest information.












links


programs
resources
funding
board meetings










hawaii.gov


government directory
online services
social media
state calendar
alerts


an official website of the state of hawaiʻi





terms of use
accessibility
privacy policy



copyright © 2022, state of hawaiʻi. all rights reserved

















