



 






musiclearning.com - online guitar lessons — musiclearning.com

















 









































 



signup
log in

 


 online guitar lessons for all    25 year anniversary!    free 1 on 1 guitar lessons  join for a free trial membership that includes a free 1 on 1 lesson click here

 this site represents 25 years of material designed and organized to create focus, get results and most importantly have fun!  17 years
30 million views
and why the youtube channel is called
tripfuse  my name is teague and i started musiclearning.com 25 years ago and a youtube channel 17 ago.  the channel was initially created to share my own music from my band/writing project called tripfuse however it started gaining traction when i started creating lesson videos to accompany musiclearning.com.   it is now closing in on 30 million views and i am about to start a new journey.  i am about to do what i intended to do 17 years ago.  follow along as i write, record, share and teach what i am writing!
    follow journey

register for all things tripfuse 
by registering you will get access to everything tripfuse.   that includes past music and lesson material and all new writing that is happening now!
 
 
get instant access! 
 we value your privacy and would never spam you 

  how to play tripfuse stay  the first lesson from the writing is teaching how to play the main riff that set the song in motion.
fingerpicking and some easy chords plus a slash chord:  am/g
    click for lesson material

register for all things tripfuse 
by registering you will get access to everything tripfuse.   that includes past music and lesson material and all new writing that is happening now!
 
 
get instant access! 
 we value your privacy and would never spam you 

 

 courses and classes  beginner, intermediate and advanced
folk, pop, rock, metal, jazz learn more meet your instructor  i have loved music from as early as i can remember and believe in sharing the knowledge i have gained and continue to gain.
  this video is myself (teague) using ableton and the keith mcmillan softstep pedal as a looper to record various guitar and keyboard parts.  the ideas are part of a new tripfuse song yet to be named.
        





home
lessons
contact
log in
signup today


copyright © 1999-2025  musiclearning.com - all rights reserved 











