




  


fairview dental | dentist aurora il



























(630) 897-1156
        541 sullivan rd, aurora, il 60506
        






 

contact us
        schedule an appointmentpatient login







menu
homeabout usmeet dr. michele brunomeet dr. salvador cardenasmeet dr. david gorenzmeet dr. david dominguez meet dr. annette rogerswhat sets us apartfor patientsoffice visitspatient formstestimonialsoffice tourfinancial informationpatient login portalsmiles with stylegeneral dentistrypreventive caredental exams and cleaningsgum diseaseoral cancer screeningtmj-tmdemergency dental carepediatric dentistrycosmetic dentistrycosmetic dentistryinvisalign® treatmentteeth whiteningveneersour proceduresbruxismbondingbridgescrownsfillingsfluorideimplant restorationnitrous oxideroot canalssealantsimplantsour technologyall-on-4®cerec®lumineers®opalescence® denturesnightguardsmouthguardscontact usoffice locationappointment requestrefer a friendpost-appointment surveyemail us










we’re family here – after your first visit, you’ll feel the same way!



meet our doctors
    


dr. michele bruno



dr. salvador cardenas



dr. david gorenz



dr. david dominguez



dr. annette rogers



expect to work with a doctor and to not be rushed out the door.



tour ouroffice


patientforms


financialinformation


office location& hours


expect a shorter wait time for appointments.







welcome to fairview dental
at fairview dental, drs. michele bruno, salvador cardenas, david gorenz, david dominguez and annette rogers pride themselves on having the most up-to-date, advanced technologies and methods available in order to make your experience comfortable and pleasant. we are excited to be your family dentists, and to offer dental care for children, teens, and adults in aurora and throughout the fox valley.
whatever your needs, fairview dental can help you get the smile you’ve dreamed of. please contact our dental office today to schedule an appointment.










expect big windows and modern open spaces.













smiles with style



















expect our staff members to have over 15-30 years of experience.

featured procedures


invisalign®


cerec®


crowns and bridges


all-on-4®


implant restoration


cosmetic dentistry


expect a high attention to detail & impeccable customer service.








 leave usa review!


when you call us, expect to talk with a person - not a robot.



(630) 897-1156
541 sullivan rd, aurora, il 60506



mon8am - 8pm
tue8am - 6pm
wed8am - 5pm
thu8am - 6pm
fri7am - 2pm
sat8am - 1pm








 

website powered by sesame 24-7™
|
site map
|
back to top















