



guide to home theater

































skip to content









guide to home theater 



 primary navigation menu

menu
home
how to build a home theater

benefits of a home theater


what projector should i choose?


 
















how to build a home theater 
2017-03-25
  by: htguide   on: march 25, 2017 
what if i told you that you could get your personal home theater with eight steps?
that’s right, you no longer have to wish and dream about being a rich and famous individual, you can have a home theater with your own affordable budget. this way you can enjoy a family movie night without having to leave your own home. home theater systems are no longer only an extravagance for the rich and famous.
the very first step is that you have to choose a location.
now it has been said by experts that the idyllic space for your perfect home theater has the measurements, 20 feet long by 13 feet wide. now typically, this theater space is not part of the rest of the house because of the sound, which can have the potential to disturb others. so if it can be done, build your theater off the family room in its own separate wing.
the second step is to frame and insulate. research has shown that when it comes to building the shell of the home theater, it will be the same process as other additions to your home. the only difference will be the insulation, which is highly important when it comes to blocking out the noise of the home theater from other parts of the house. the standard insulation for the floor, ceiling and the exterior wall is a rating of r30. you will also need to use r11 to loosely pack into the interior walls.
step three is pre-wiring the surround sound. the majority of home theaters use 7.1-surround sound and then there is the current audio wiring that homeowners are using, which is 9.1. before setting up the surround sound, mark where each speaker will go in the room.
next, you will have to pre-wire the video projector. now if you want to go big with a truly large-screen theater, all you will need is two cables to pre-wire the projector. you will need an hdmi cable, and a cats control wire. crestron control systems are great for this.
the fifth step is to pre-wire the lighting. this is essential when it comes to giving your family the perfect movie theater atmosphere. so make sure that there is lighting in the ceiling and along the side walls. you’ll need to have electrical wiring to both of these locations.
the sixth step is to install the drywall and the sound barriers. just remember when installing your drywall, you will need to make incisions so that you will be able to pre-wire the electrical and audio cables.
the seventh step is setting up both the newtek video and the sound systems. a little decorating tip is to camouflage the extra speakers you have with the acoustic panels.
the final and eighth step is to furnish your theater with the theater style seating. you can use sofas and loveseats or even a sectional, but for the best effect install theater-style seating. you will need two rows of four seats.
so, there you go. enjoy your theater.









what projector should i choose? 
2017-03-05
  by: htguide   on: march 5, 2017 
with so many projector varieties available, it could take forever to choose the right one! today’s article will discuss how to make the process of choosing a projector a simpler task. 
primary activity 
first, consider how your projector will be used. projectors are chosen for one particular activity or many. however, look for specific features that can support the mainactivity. the following examples will steer you in the right direction to find the best projector for different settings and circumstances:
interactive
an interactive projector is an powerful training medium to engage students and enhance their learning experience. the main advantage of an interactive projector is its ability to present media on any surface just like a smart board. moreover, these types of projectors are compatible with interactive computer software applications that can be displayed on a screen. 
small office 
projectors used in a small office need to be reasonably priced and portable to allow presentations to take place from any given location. if you need a projector to bring the “wow” factor with your presentation, opt for one that features a traditional lamp to maximize your media’s visual delivery. other factors to consider when buying a small office projector is its maintenance requirements. projectors integrated with led technology provide extensive operation without maintenance compared to traditional lamp projectors. 
side note: leds last 20,000 or more hours without needing to replace the light source. they allow for cooler operation than traditional lamp projectors and lead and mercury don’t exist in any of their components.
mobile
if your projector will be used mainly on-the-go, consider investing in a pico, mobile led projector, or palmtop projector. these projectors can weigh anywhere from a few pounds to just a few ounces. they can usually deliver document presentations without being connected to a computer and are designed to startup up your presentation very quickly. some pico projector models (just a little larger than a smartphone) can easily fit inside of your bag, backpack, briefcase, or even your pocket! multiple models can project content through a mobile high-definition link (mhl)-enabled hdmi port or via bluetooth from a smartphone or tablet. 
side note: pico projectors typically feature media at a dimmer brightness level and are considered pricey for their performance capability. palmtop projectors are bigger and deliver higher brightness than pico projectors and have more connection options. both of these mini projectors can run files from an sd card or usb thumb drive. in addition, several models are integrated with rechargeable batteries. some models are even capable of storing 1gb or more of media files. 
large venue 
if your presentation is meant to be seen by a large audience, you’ll need a large venue projector to deliver a presentation with excellent visual contrast and maximum brightness. other features to look for is a dual-lamp design for power-packed operation, a range of lens options for flexibility with installation, and network support for remote handling and control.
rooms with ambient light 
a user-friendly data projector that features remote control options is a great pick if you need to run your presentation in a conference room setting without delay. ambient light level combined with the actual light intensity in your viewer’s line of sight can greatly influence their perception of your presentation. select a high-lumens projector when you need to control the presence of ambient light to achieve higher image resolutions.
home theater 
the home theater setting always involves big-screen images. presentations that deliver vibrant colors and high resolution complete (except for the popcorn and musty cinema smell) the “theater experience.” in this setting you’ll need a “multimedia projector” that delivers a greater level of color saturation and powerful contrast ratio to ensure that movies and other projected images maintain their visual appeal. an easy-to-use remote control will be a top feature to look for with your projector. you may also want to consider getting one with 3-d capabilities so it’s compatible with 3-d movies or 3-d games, for example, that is also integrated with stereo audio capabilities for exciting gameplay. 
side note: check carefully to ensure that all the elements of your 3-d system are compatible. your projector’s required brightness level will depend on three things: the content, the image size, and the level of brightness of the room (dark to full
lights) with each element affecting the other. a home theater projector used in a pitch black room can produce a large, bright image in the 1,000 to 1,200 lumens range.
conclusion
projectors continue to improve in their brightness delivery, picture quality, and innovative features. whatever a projector’s main use will be, it’s important to understand key things about projection first before you ever make an investment.









benefits of a home theater 
2017-02-15
  by: htguide   on: february 15, 2017 
home theaters have existed for nearly as long as televisions and films have graced television and movie theater screens. however, it has often seemed like hard working people have considered it as a luxury for someone else. the truth is that home theaters provide benefits to people from every walk of life, and at any income level. the key to creating a successful home theater system that the whole family can enjoy lies in building the right system 
build the right home theater system and reap the many benefits 
if you have always wondered if building your own home theater entertainment system was the right choice for you, the chances are good that it is and that you should. it may help you to consider some of the many benefits that other bold home theater owners enjoy regularly. take a look at 8 benefits of a home theater to help you make your decision. 

choose the components you want for your home theater. with this benefit, you can build your system as you go, choosing the most critical elements first. if you want to get started, buy a big screen television or a viewing screen and projection system. set up your room to accommodate your viewing area, and you will have your foundation. if you can buy your sound system and other accompaniments at first, go for it. build your ideal home theater system at your own pace so you can comfortably enjoy watching movies, sporting events, television programs, and playing video games without worrying about breaking the bank.
save money. while your home theater is an investment, you will save money. a single night out at the movies for a couple–not to mention taking the whole family along–can quickly add up. going out to the movies is fairly cost-prohibitive for most modern families, but you can sidestep this issue by building your dream home theater. save a bundle on gas and high ticket prices. best of all, avoid taking out a second mortgage for a trip to the concession stand. you can enjoy your home entertainment center for years to come while enjoying the savings.
the arm rest is all yours. when you build your home theater system, you never have to worry about squeezing into a crowded row of small movie theater seats again. buy your favorite style of comfortable chair or sofa, and stretch out. there is nothing quite like watching your favorite film in your cozy slippers and pajamas. 
enjoy your favorite snacks. instead of spending time in line and a large chunk of your paycheck at the concession stand for stale popcorn and borderline flat soda, you can enjoy a cornucopia of your favorite treats. no need to tuck anything into your purse or pocket, either. prepare your favorite dinner, order in, or buy traditional movie favorites for a fraction of the price at the grocery store.
soak in an authentic cinema experience. simply watching a dvd on your laptop or standard-sized television screen is less than cinematic. while you still enjoy the film on its own merits, you might long for stereo sound and vivid visual details. your home theater takes care of all of that, providing a highly satisfying cinematic experience.
design a family gathering space. whether you want to watch video from a loved one’s wedding or vacation, or you all want to watch the super bowl together, your home theater can become your family gathering space. everyone can comfortably settle into their favorite chair to enjoy the joys that your home theater system can provide, according to your viewing pleasure for any given occasion.
gamers unite. if you love gaming, a home theater system lets you take your fun and games to the next level. stretch out beyond your smartphone or laptop to enjoy a round of rock band, call of duty, or gran turismo sport up close and in surround sound.
increase your home’s value. if you plan to sell your home at some point, it is important to know that homebuyers often see a designated home theater space as a highly attractive feature. as little as 200 square feet of your home dedicated to your home entertainment center can greatly increase a house hunter’s interest in your home.

treat yourself to all the benefits of a home theater system
when you approach building a home theater system as a personal experience, based on your unique tastes and viewing goals, it is within your reach and will give you years of joy and savings. 








recent posts


how to build a home theater


what projector should i choose?


benefits of a home theater


archives

march 2017
february 2017

bookmarksaluminum railing
assisted living
bike accident lawyer
cell and gene therapy
commercial laundry equipment
d-sub
dehydrated food companies
memory care
food processor equipment manufacturers
independent living minneapolis
assisted living jacksonville
memory care near greenville sc
monitor enclosure
motorcycle accident attorney worcester ma
retirement home springfield mo
sanitary fittings
telecommunication cabinet enclosure
vinyl railing
world-class digital marketing agency
new window installation
climate-controlled storage unit springfield mo
custom flavor manufacturer
truck driving jobs in anchorage
window company springfield mo























