


west virginia animal shelters













the petnetwork wv           













		     petnetwork wv
 available pets in wv
 wv animal shelters
 the petnetwork
 available pets in va
 virginia shelters
 re-homing advice
 find the right dog
 links
 message board
 lost and found
 lost a dog?
 care and training
 pet quiz
 breed information
 dog rescues
 animal rescues
 breed rescues
dog rescues network








click here to see more information about this dog












click here to see more information about this dog













click here to see more information about this dog

















 county map






 


 




 


 













the petnetwork west virginia
 offers online pet adoption listings,
free lost and found dog and cat listings, pet care 
information and resources for west virginia, and south ohio, usa.

if you are looking for the 
kanawha charleston humane association click here.


mason county animal shelter, point pleasant, wv

mason county animal shelter 
1965 fairground road
point pleasant, wv 25550
phone: 304-675-6458
e-mail mcaswv@yahoo.com
facebook page: www.facebook.com/mason-county-wv-animal-shelter-107847841679206

hours: 12pm - 4pm monday through friday

we need local foster homes and volunteers including drivers! if you would like to volunteer in any way, please contact us. 

we are a high intake county shelter and need rescue help!  our county commission limits us to 40 dogs and 36 cats max! without a lot of rescue help and adoptions, it is impossible for us to maintain the population at this level. every dog we put in a foster home is a space to rescue another dog.



 click here to see cats needing homes at mason county animal shelter


pets needing homes at huntington-cabell-wayne shelter, wv

we are the animal control shelter for cabell and wayne counties. you can see lots of dogs and cats needing homes on our
adoptable animals list here. 
we receive dogs and cats every day so not all the pets are on the website. please visit us to
 find a dog or cat that will suit you. 
due to overwhelming numbers during the summer, not all kittens will be pictured on our web site. 
please come to the shelter to see our selection of furry feline babies! 

see the dogs needing homes on our facebook page

if you are interested in making a donation to the shelter, there are a 
few things they could use. newspapers, dry cat/dog food, towels, blankets, toys, sponges, 
bleach, and cat litter. monetary donations are also welcome! if you are interested in the 
availability of a pet, contact the shelter directly at 696-5551. it will save so many animals 
for so little of your time! thanks so much! 


huntington-cabell-wayne animal shelter 
1901 james river road, 
huntington, wv 25704
phone: (304) 696-5551
hours: 10am - 4:00pm monday through saturday 


brooke county animal shelter, beechbottom, wv, needs your help
the shelter is a county facility and we are not a no-kill shelter. our shelter is always at capacity 
and we need help getting our furry friends homes fast. our conscientious and knowledgeable staff 
are very helpful and strive to adopt as many animals as possible. the shelter is very rescue 
friendly and will adopt to out of state residents.
click here for more information.
 
we are open tues-sun from noon until 4pm and can even arrange evening visits if you are serious about adopting. 

adopt a friend
  all of our dogs are posted on our
website 
or if you have any questions about any of the dogs and
cats please e-mail me at 
 bcas1979@yahoo.com

we need all the help
we can get to save as many of our beloved animals as
possible.  any help will be greatly appreciated no matter how big or
small.

see dogs needing homes and lost dogs on our facebook page

brooke county animal shelter
797 mac barnes drive
beechbottom, wv 26030
phone: 304-394-0800
email: animalshelterbc@yahoo.com

friends fur life rescue, berkeley springs, wv
we are a group of dedicated workers that have been in rescue and shelter work for many years and have decided 
that now is the time to join force's.
our goal is to continue with our efforts that include: 
*rescuing and fostering homeless companion animals. 
*coordinating transports, from high kill shelters to safety. 
*providing rescued companion animals with needed veterinary care. 
*coordinating the adoption of companion animals into permanent, loving homes. 
*advocating the practice of spaying and neutering. 
*advocating rescue and adoption as opposed to the purchasing and breeding of companion animals. 
*using any means within our power and ethical guidelines to stop the abuse, misuse, neglect and senseless 
killing of companion animals


adopt a friend
the first step to adopt is to fill out an 
application form. 
 please understand that you may be approved to adopt but you may not be able to adopt the dog you are asking about. 
 we try to match the personality of the animal to the requirements of the home. if you are looking for an animal that 
 is laid back and easy going and you pick one that we know is extremely active we will not adopt that particular 
 animal to you but rather show you other animals that have the traits you are looking for.
  all of our dogs are posted on our
petfinder website 
at this time we do not have a building so our animals are in foster homes.
for more informtion about the pet please e-mail the address that is on the pet's page.


friends fur life rescue
p.o. box 1024,
berkeley springs, wv 25411 us 
email:  info@friendsfurliferescue.com

marion county humane society, wv needs your help

the large amount of animals coming into our shelter is a good enough reason to remind everyone 
of the importance of spaying and neutering your pet. we are in desperate need of new members. 
our member numbers have dwindled lately and we are hoping for new ideas. this is a great
 way to add some extra curricular activities to your life and the animals would love to 
 have you! we are, also, always in need of dependable volunteers to perform the 
 necessary chores of animal call us for details at (304)366-5391 or 
 e-mail us at mchswvnokillshelter@gmail.com 
  if you're interested in becoming a volunteer. 


all the dogs are treated with dhlpp, bordetella and wormed upon arrival at the shelter.
take a look at the 
petfinder list
 and then e-mail mchswvnokillshelter@gmail.com

marion county humane society
p.o. box 905
fairmont, wv 26554
 phone: 304-366-5391 
 email:  mchswvnokillshelter@gmail.com



 how close are we to you?

click on this link and put your town and the destination in the boxes at the bottom of the page then click on the get directions button.

 lyme disease may cause sudden aggression in dogs



pets requiring homes in west virginia and south ohio

pet rescues in west virginia and south ohio

pets requiring homes in virginia and north carolina

pet rescues in virginia and north carolina

virginia animal shelter urgent notices






 if you discover an error please report it to the 
webmaster@wvanimalshelter.org



page updated: october 15th 2024






















dog rescues network
      | advice 
      | shelter directory 
      | lost & found 
      | dog care
      | links 
	  | message board







