




medtronic cardiac defibrillator lawsuit - medtronic sprint fidelis
















hot legal issues
legal news
lawsuits
settlements
faqs
state law








advertisement



lawsuits news & legal information 
medtronic cardiac defibrillator lawsuit
on february 10, 2005, medtronic inc. issued an alert to doctors about its family of implantable cardioverter defibrillators (icd) and crt-d devices with batteries manufactured prior to december 2003. these pacemaker-like devices may experience rapid battery depletion due to a specific internal battery short mechanism. once a short occurs, battery depletion can take place within a few hours to a few days, after which there is a complete loss of device function.
  these medtronic cardiac defibrillator devices, used by patients who suffer from an irregular heartbeat, are surgically implanted under the collarbone and emit an electrical shock to jolt the heart back into regular rhythm.  
 
to date, medtronic has found this battery defect in several of its 87,000 devices. thousands of patients throughout the world rely on these defibrillators, about 75% of medtronic's defibrillators are implanted in u.s. patients and 13,000 have already had the device surgically removed. currently, medtronic is offering to replace the $20,000 device and pay several thousands of dollars in additional expenses but there are no definite plans to pay for the necessary second surgery.     

the devices that have been affected include the following which were manufactured between april 2001 and december 2003:
marquisï¿½ vr/dr
maximoï¿½ vr/dr icds
insync i/ii/iii marquisï¿½
insync iii protectï¿½ crt-d


in a similar situation, medtronic recalled and replaced over 16,000 implanted defibrillators between 2001 and 2003 when it was discovered that a battery flaw might render the unit ineffective. in 2004, medtronic announced a recall of their micro jewell ii and gem dr icds.

medtronic, a key player in the worldwide medical technology race, distributes products and services to 5 million patients each year, generating $9 billion in annual sales.
  

medical professionals advise that if you have a medtronic defibrillator device implanted, talk to your doctor as soon as possible to find out more about your medical options. 
  medtronic sprint fidelis
on october 15, 2007 medtronic inc. suspended sales of a component used with its implantable cardioverter difibrillators (icd). the equipment was reportedly linked to five patient deaths. medtronic stopped sales of the sprint fidelis line of leads, which link the heart to the icd. there are nearly 268,000 leads implanted in patients around the world. the company and the fda recommend patients see their doctors to reprogram their icds to better monitor for the potential of lead fracturing. 
 
if you have had the device replaced or plan to have it replaced, whether or not you suffered complications from the procedure, you may be entitled to compensation. 
  click here to send your complaint to a lawyer through a secure formmedtronic defibrillator articles
medtronic: it's not just sprint fidelis
sandy wells never had an implantable cardiac defibrillator with defective medtronic sprint fidelis leads in her body. that's the good news. the bad news is that she did have a medtronic synergy neurostimulator implanted under her arm in hopes of relieving her chronic migraine headaches. medtronic shareholders meeting: a year of lawsuits and controversymedtronic reducing staff, preparing for defibrillator lawsuitsmore trouble in medtronic heartlandprivate insurers suing medtronicdevice-maker medtronic weighed down with lawsuitsmedtronic's medical device legal troubles far from overmedtronic defibrillators in the news


jun-20-07: medtronic announced that it is eliminating around 550 jobs from its cardiac rhythm disease management division because of a slow market for implantable cardioverter defibrillators. the defibrillators are implanted in the chest to shock hearts back into rhythm. [wkbt: medtronic]

may-31-07: medtronic announced it will be laying off workers because of disappointing sales. the market for implantable defibrillators was hurt by a number of recalls of the devices. [press: medtronic]

apr-20-07: a school district has filed a countersuit against medtronic and two other companies claiming a medtronic heart defibrillator did not work when a student's heart stopped during gym class. the student survived but suffered brain damage as a result of the incident. [recordnet: medtronic]

feb-12-07: number of heart patients suing medtronic inc. over faulty defibrillators has more than doubled in the past two months. [seattle pi: defective medtronic defibrillator]

jun-22-05: medtronic fails to comply with fda's requests to correct manufacturing problems and investigate complaints against the lifepak 12 external defibrillator. approximately 60,000 lifepak 12 defibrillators are used in hospitals worldwide. the device is used to shock a failing heart but there have been reports of device failure.  [washington post: defective defibrillator]

mar-22-05: health canada safety information on medtronic implantable cardiac defibrillators, marquis icd and crt-d.  
[health canada: medtronic defibrillator]

feb-11-05: fda announces medtronic's warning about several of their implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (icd) and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators (crt-d). 
[fda: defective defibrillator] fda also announces recall of medtronic's lifepak 500 automated external defibrillators (aeds). 
[fda: medtronic defibrillator]medtronic defibrillator legal help
if you have a medtronic  internal cardiac defibrillator and have experienced multiple shocks for no apparent reason, or you have reason to believe it might be one of the various models that have been failing to operate properly, or you've had to endure additional pain and discomfort to replace a bad or recalled defibrillator, please click the link below to submit your complaint to a medtronic lawyer for a free case evaluation.please click here for a free evaluation of your  claimlast updated on jun-18-09


 legal articles and interviews

fda warns risk of death and injury with recalled heartware heart implants

 november 22, 2016
santa clara, ca: the us food and drug administration (fda) has updated information concerning a class 1 recall for a total of 4,669  heartware ventricular assist devices (hvad),      made by medtronic. an fda class 1 recall is the most serious type of recall the agency issues, because the allegedly defective product poses “a reasonable probability that use of these products will cause serious adverse health consequences or death.”					read more


 medtronic shareholders meeting: a year of lawsuits and controversy

 august 6, 2007
					 the board of directors of medtronic, inc. will hold its annual meeting of shareholders on august 23 at medtronic world headquarters. given the rough year that the company has had, there should be some interesting debate among the shareholders.					read more


 medtronic reducing staff, preparing for defibrillator lawsuits

 july 13, 2007
					 quality control seems to have gone the way of the dinosaur, while the word 'recall' has become part of our everyday vocabulary. how did we get here? and whatever happened to reliability? especially when it comes to medical products? take for example, medtronic implantable cardioverter defibrillators.					read more





 blog


medtronic under fire with questions of financial conflict5 of the highest settlement awards for 2010medtronic cd horizon spinal system: buyer bewarecalls for end to medical device maker immunity 
more blog posts



 settlements


medtronic to pay doj $23.5m to settle allegations that they bought doctors publish your settlements























read more drugs/medical settlements and legal news
reader comments




				posted by
millard j. humphrey 
				on november 7, 2017

i had a medtronic defibrillator implant from 2003 til 2012 and still have some of the leads are still giving me problems


 

				posted by
pam hammargren
				on april 21, 2016

my defibulator was recalled after going off for no reason due to faulty lead wires. it was replaced in july 2008. this has since caused in several nightmares. can you help me.


 

				posted by
alabama
				on april 4, 2013

my medtronic sprint fidelis implanted heart defibrillator did not fracture until 10/10/2012, when the lead wires fractured causing numerous unnecessary shocks. it was a very scary and upsetting time for my family and myself. especially considering all my other major health problems. i have a heart disease called hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, massive heart attack, blood clots, and diabetes.


 

				posted by
georgia
				on august 15, 2008

i had complications with the original surgery when the device was implanted and had to have one of the two leads removed. then the recall and i chose not to undergo surgery to have it replaced. now i have a broken lead and my doctors feel like the risks for me to have surgery may be more severe than my original need for the device. nobody knows what to do. i am in limbo.


 

				posted by
iowa
				on june 12, 2008

my father was paying for me to go to school, and because of his death, i have lost the $1300 a month i was receiving from him, and i am suffering severe hardship now that i am having to work twice as much while still trying to go to school. 
apart from the financial damages, i lost my dad, even though he had gone to extensive measures to keep living. i was convinced by doctors that the defibrillator would help, and it failed when he needed it most. 







add your comment on this issue



						please read our comment guidelines before posting.
		

name:

note: your name will be published with your comment.
email address:

your email will only be used if a response is needed.


your comment:



 




		are you the defendant or a subject matter expert on this topic with an opposing viewpoint? we'd love to hear your comments here as well, or if you'd like to contact us for an interview please submit your details here.
		







request  legal help






first name:

last name:

email address:

phone number(s):

zip/postal code:

describe your complaint:

you must have javascript enabled for this form to work correctly.

 receive our weekly newsletter with the latest lawsuit news and legal information.


 i would like to be interviewed by a journalist.

 

by submitting this form i agree to the terms of service.

						there is no cost to submit this form.






check claim status
advertise with us
legal funding center
get our newsletter

related lawsuits

defective catheter
suboxone tooth decay
ozempic and mounjaro
exactech optetrak knee replacement failure
defective hip implant

legal services

lawyer directory resources
free newsletter
publish your settlements
email this page to a friend what the accused has to say 







  
				  
		


		visit other online legal media websites:




		this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noderivs 3.0 unported license © 2001-2025 online legal media. all rights reserved.



tos
privacy
disclaimer


about us
faq
contact us


press
advertise
site map


					follow us


















