











gold hills golf club - redding, ca















































reservations: 530.246.7867 |











hometee timesgolf course
course informationcourse ratesmembershipsjunior golfgolf instructionpicture galleryoutings & events
outings & eventsevents calendartournamentsgrillenews & links
blogchad's cornermen's clubreceive exclusive dealscontactonline storeapp
































 














northern california's
premiergolf course






as redding’s only public access golf course and “all grass” practice facility, gold hills prides itself in providing northern california residents and traveling golfers alike the best golfing experience possible. gold hills offers the perfect opportunity for any golfer and their families to enjoy the beautiful northern california wilderness and a round of golf all in the same visit!
























memberships

memberships at gold hills golf club feature many exclusive privileges. we have several membership options to meet the needs of our golfers.
 view options
















experience excellence
experience gold hills
featured on visitredding.com, golfers have visited gold hills for years to take advantage of our state-of-the-art golfing facilities while taking in the surrounding woodlands and views of mount shasta only steps away. feel free to give us a call for help in planning your next visit, referrals to local hotels and restaurants, or any questions you may have. we are open year-round (weather permitting), so come by and see for yourselves why they call us gold hills! we hope to see you soon!












events

















dining

















lessons




















18 holes bordered by the beauty of northern california























































































ready to play?


book now












location
1950 gold hills drredding, ca 96003
get directions


call us
530.246.7867
follow




join our e-club
join our mailing list and​ be the first to receive golf updates and tee time deals.
join our email list









© 2025 gold hills golf club | contact us | site mappowered by foreup marketing services 












close 







home








tee times








join








grille








contact







hometee timesgolf course
course informationcourse ratesmembershipsjunior golfgolf instructionpicture galleryoutings & events
outings & eventsevents calendartournamentsgrillenews & links
blogchad's cornermen's clubreceive exclusive dealscontactonline storeapp



