



html to rtf











































convert platform 



convert your html documents with our platform 



we will help you in development of applications where is necessary to convert any html documents to word (rtf, docx), text. after adding of the reference to “sautinsoft.htmltortf.dll” and typing 3-4 c# lines, you can use these api in your apps: 






 
convert html to rtf



 
convert html to docx



 
convert html to text



 
merge rtf and replace






to see this functionality firsthand, download the freshest «html to rtf .net» with code examples, 32.6 mb. 















html documents 



the component can read and parse all types of html: 3.2, html 4.01, html 5 with css and xhtml. our component doesn’t require any special version of html format it will work with any version. the component has own html parser.scripting languages (such as jquery, javascript) are not supported. but if you want to convert html, rich javascript and complex css, to pdf, use our other component – «pdf vision .net».these css are now supported by the current version of «html to rtf .net»: 














 
b border-collapse:



 
background-color:



 
border-bottom-color:



 
border-bottom-style:



 
border-bottom-width:



 
border-left-color:



 
border-left-style:



 
border-left-width:



 
border-right-color:



 
border-right-style:



 
border-right-width:









 
border-top-color:



 
border-top-style:



 
border-top-width:



 
c color:



 
d display:



 
f font-family:



 
font-size:



 
font-style:



 
font-weight:



 
l line-height:



 
list-style-type









 
m margin-bottom:



 
margin-left:



 
margin-right:



 
margin-top:



 
max-height:



 
max-width:



 
p padding-bottom:



 
padding-left:



 
padding-right:



 
padding-top:









 
page-break-after:



 
page-break-before:



 
page-break-inside:



 
t text-align:



 
text-decoration-color:



 
text-decoration-line:



 
text-transform:



 
v vertical-align:



 
w width:



 
white-space:


















functional 



available file types for conversion 







							rtf documents						


						the component creates rtf documents according to rich text format (rtf) specification version 1.9.1. the component has own rtf writer. if you are looking for c# solution to create and modify rtf documents, take a look to another our component document.net					










							docx documents						


						the component creates docx documents according to office open xml (ecma 4th edition). the component has own docx writer. if you are looking only for c# solution to create and modify docx documents, take a look to another our component document.net					










							text documents						


						the component can also create text from html. there is nothing special here, only the one thing: the unicode characters are supported too.					










 











maintenance & support 



technical information and requirements 



requires only .net framework 4.0 and up or .net core 2.0 and up. our product is compatible with all languages .net and supports all operating systems where .net framework and .net core can be used. 







note, that «html to rtf .net» is entirely written in managed c#, which makes it absolutely standalone and an independent library. 






 



						.net framework 4.0, 4.5, 4.6.1 and higher.
.net standard 2.0
.net core 2.0 and higher.					














multi-platform component, runs on: 






 



						windows | linux | mac os					














our component has proven itself on cloud platforms and services: 






 



						sharepoint
google cloud platform
amazon web services (aws)
microsoft azure
docker etc.					


















advantages​ 



our advantages 










 




							time management						


						save time and no product development costs. there is no point in developing your html to rtf component in c#. this requires many days of hard work and takes about 20,000 lines of code. «html to rtf .net» will save you time! you just need to add a link to “sautinsoft.htmltortf.dll” and write 3-4 lines in c					

















 




							using api						


						the component provides a set of api for converting html: 3.2, 4.01, 5, with css and xhtml to docx, rtf, text, and for merging rtf files.					













 




							independent tool						


						«html to rtf .net» is a completely self-contained component. no need to have ms word, internet explorer or other software to convert and edit documents.					

















 




							high performance						


						high quality at reasonable prices. «html to rtf .net» is cheaper than all its more or less popular counterparts. you pay once and use «html to rtf .net» without any additional fees and restrictions. the license never expires.					













 




							technical support						


						as a bonus, you get unlimited technical support regardless of the date of your purchase.					


















partners 



our partners 




 












 







limitations 



limitation notification 



limited free version of «html to rtf .net» is indicated by a trial version notification: created by the unlicensed version of «html to rtf .net» and the randomly added word trial. 















contacts 



you can contact us by phone number. 







 




















