



geology & geological engineering














skip to content








i am a current studentadmitted studentfaculty/staffparent/familyalumniindustry partner

events
news
ways to give



toggle menu


























                              													apply now
                              												

                              													visit us
                              												

                              													request info
                              												





academicsexpand submenu
explore all programs
academic departments
courses & registration
education abroad
internships & co-ops
co-curricular programs
academic support
devereaux library
museum of geology


admissions & aidexpand submenu
undergraduate admissions
graduate admissions
international students
tuition & fees
financial aid & scholarships
visit mines
contact admissions


student lifeexpand submenu
living on campus
opportunity center
health & safety
support & services
campus points of interest
get involved


research & innovationexpand submenu
research
research facilities
innovation & entrepreneurship
industry engagement


athleticsexpand submenu

aboutexpand submenu
accreditation
state authorization
mission, vision, & values
strategic plan
campus points of interest
history & traditions
points of pride
university leadership
offices & administration
safety & security
faculty & staff directory
policies & compliance 







i am acurrent studentadmitted studentfaculty/staffparent/familyalumniindustry partner

events
news
ways to give






toggle search













searchsubmit












expand actions

                  									apply now
                  								

                  									visit us
                  								

                  									request info
                  								



 


geology & geological engineeringplay video
video


close dialog




section menu


home
academics
academic-departments
geology-and-geological-engineering






section menuclose navigation menu

academic-departments
geology & geological engineering

faculty and staffgeology, and geological engineering








discover hands-on geology and paleontology opportunities here
geology and paleontology of the black hills, and adjacent great plains, provides us
               with an extraordinary natural classroom and laboratory. geologists from all around
               the world travel to study what we have right here in our own backyard. so whether
               you are an undergraduate or graduate student, expect hands-on learning out of doors,
               in our labs, or doing research in affiliated facilities including the unique sanford underground research facility (a former gold mine that's now home to cutting edge neutrino research), the south
               dakota mines engineering mining experiment station, the mining hub, the james e. martin paleontology laboratory, and the on-campus museum of geology.
we also operate the black hills natural sciences field station, one of the largest summer field camp stations in the united states, with opportunities
               for study in the black hills, western california, montana, utah, arizona, death valley,
               hawaii, turkey, france, spain, nepal, iceland, new zealand, morocco, and andes-ecuador.  





related links
faculty and staff



geological engineering, bs
geology and geological engineering, ms
geology, bs
geology, geological engineering, and mining engineering, phd
paleontology, ms









 








the amazing geology of the black hills


view our  black hills story map  to learn more about the complex geology of the black hills region - just one example
                              of research being done in this department. find more presentations in the online exhibits section of the museum of geology and the museum of geology youtube channel which both showcase faculty and student research.







activities and organizations

students learn in myriad ways, from classroom lectures and coursework to hands-on
                     research and projects. they also learn by participating in activities and opportunities
                     that bring added dimensions to their academic years.
expand allcollapse all


student organizations

american association of petroleum geologists (aapg) student chapter
faculty advisor: tba (@sdsmt.edu)
student president: tba (@mines.sdsmt.edu)
the american association of petroleum geologists (aapg) student chapter aims to provide
                              its members activities that promote the knowledge of oil and gas exploration, and
                              to help students develop professional knowledge and ethics in preparation for careers
                              in petroleum geology. the chapter plans activities throughout the year to foster positive
                              relationships and engagement with the petroleum industry as well as prepare for and
                              participate in future imperial barrel award competitions.
association of environmental and engineering geologists (aeg) student chapter
faculty advisor: dr. kurt katzenstein (kurt.katzenstein@sdsmt.edu) 
student president: tba (@mines.sdsmt.edu) 
since its inception in 1957, the association of environmental and engineering geologists
                              (aeg) (the society was originally called the association of engineering geologists
                              until "environmental" was added in 2005 to reflect important changes in the public
                              awareness of services provided by the association members) has been an international
                              leader in environmental and engineering geology, and is greatly respected for its
                              stewardship of the profession.aeg is popular both within industry as well as in academia and the society offers
                              information useful to practitioners, scientists, engineers, students, and the public.
                              this student organization serves as the sd mines student chapter of the parent society
                              and was reestablished by students with an interest in these fields in 2018.national chapter website: https://www.aegweb.org/ 
association for women geoscientists (awg) black hills student chapter
faculty advisor: tba (@sdsmt.edu)
student president: tba (@mines.sdsmt.edu)
the association for women geoscientists (awg) is an international organization devoted
                              to enhancing the quality and level of participation of women in geosciences and to
                              introduce girls and young women to geoscience as a career option. membership is open
                              to anyone who supports awg's goals. our diverse interests and expertise cover the
                              entire spectrum of geoscience disciplines and career paths, providing networking,
                              support, and mentoring for women embarking on geoscience careers. the membership is
                              brought together by a common love of earth science and by the desire to ensure fair
                              and balance opportunities for women in the geosciences.url (national society): https://www.awg.org/
paleontology club
faculty advisor: dr. darrin pagnac (darrin.pagnac@sdsmt.edu)
student president: hannah walker hannah.walker@mines.sdsmt.edu
the paleontology club is an educational, scientific, and non-profit organization dedicated
                              to promoting paleontology in the community. membership is open to all students with
                              an interest in paleontology and its related fields. the club sponsors monthly meetings,
                              guest lecturers, field trips, and outreach activities at the museum of geology and
                              in community classrooms.url: https://sdsmt.presence.io/organization/paleontology-club
sigma gamma epsilon - theta nu
faculty advisor: dr. liangping li (liangping.li@sdsmt.edu) 
student president: tba (@mines.sdsmt.edu)
sd mines chapter of the national honor society recognizing scholarship in the earth
                              sciences. 
url (national society): http://www.sigmagammaepsilon.com
society of economic geologists student chapter
faculty advisors: dr. colin paterson (colin.paterson@sdsmt.edu) and dr. kelli mccormick (kelli.mccormick@sdsmt.edu)
student president: riley kortenbusch (riley.kortenbusch@mines.sdsmt.edu)seg aims to provide its members with a variety of fun and service activities that
                              promote knowledge of mineral deposits and mineral resources, and to help students
                              develop professional knowledge and ethics in preparation for careers in economic geology.
                              the chapter plans field trips to regional mines and other localities, visits schools
                              to interest students in geology careers, raises funds for member activities, and sponsors
                              the weekly refreshments at the friday seminars.
url (national society): https://www.segweb.org/
society of mining, metallurgy and exploration/drill & crucible (sme)
organized through the department of mining engineering and management
faculty advisors: dr. robert hall (robert.hall@sdsmt.edu) and dr. brett carlson (brett.carlson@sdsmt.edu)
student president: jed sieverding (jed.sieverding@mines.sdsmt.edu)
sme is a national organization that involves individuals representing companies involved
                              in mining, metallurgy, and exploration. we represent the sdsm&t student chapter.url: https://sdsmt.presence.io/organization/student-chapter-society-for-mining-metallurgy-and-exploration
society of petroleum engineering (spe) student chapter
faculty advisor: dr. zhi ye (zhi.ye@sdsmt.edu)
student president: nathaniel pfiefer (nathaniel.pfiefer@mines.sdsmt.edu)
the society of petroleum engineering (spe) student chapter links our students to a
                              global organization of petroleum engineering professionals involved in numerous aspects
                              of the industry. student activities include field trips to active drill sites and
                              production facilities in the williston and powder river basins and informational seminars
                              presented by professionals in exploration, drilling, and production engineering.url (national society): https://www.spe.org/en/
tech geological association
faculty advisor: dr. kurt katzenstein (kurt.katzenstein@sdsmt.edu)
student president: tba (@mines.sdsmt.edu)tga promotes student involvement in professional associations while providing a focus
                              for fun and profession-building activities. each student in tga must belong to at
                              least one geoscience or engineering professional organization suited to their interests.
back to top


seminars, workshops, and meetings

gge seminars 2024-2025
announcements
announcements for each talk are emailed to the south dakota mines campus community. if you are off campus, please subscribe to gge_seminar-l to get announcements and updates. 
seminar coordinator: dr. sarah keenan
all of our department seminars are at 4:00 pm local campus time unless noted otherwise.




date
location
speaker (* - online)
organization


aug-30
no seminar - gge department fall field trip


sep-06
prl atrium
gge department
south dakota mines


sep-13
cb204w

dr. sarah a.s. dare


université du québec à chicoutimi (uqac)



sep-20
no seminar - rocker days / m day


sep-27
no seminar - geological society of america annual meeting (anaheim, ca)


oct-4
cb204w
dr. katrina donovan
south dakota mines


oct-11
no seminar - native american day holiday


oct-18
cb204w
dr. murray gingras
university of alberta


oct-25
cb204w
zach grimac
 iris metals


nov-8
no seminar - veterans day holiday observance


nov-15
cb204w
dr. sabre moore
carter county museum


nov-22
 cbec 2228

dr. william kibikas


sandia national lab



nov-29
no seminar - thanksgiving holiday break


dec-6

prl atrium

geol 700 poster presentations
 


jan-17
no seminar - dr. martin luther king, jr. day holiday
 
 


jan-24
cb204w
tba
tba


jan-31
cb204w
dr. joy buongiorno; senior editor
biogeochemistry/nature communications


feb-7
cb204w
tba
tba


feb-14
no seminar - president's day holiday observance


feb-21
cb204w
tba
tba


feb-28
cb204w
tba
tba


mar-7
no seminar - spring break


mar-14
no seminar - spring break


mar-21
cb204w
dr. liangping li
south dakota mines


mar-28
cb204w
tba
tba


apr-4
cb204w

dr. wenfeng li


los alamos national lab



apr-11
cb204w
dr. geoffrey gilleaudeau
george mason university


apr-18
no seminar - easter holiday break


apr-25
tba
tba
tba


may-2
tba
tba
tba



 

grad lunch & learn
tbd coordinated by gge graduate representatives. information will be added as seminars
                                 are arranged.
contact: dr. trevor waldien ( trevor.waldien@sdsmt.edu )
regular meeting time: mondays at 12:00 pm   zoom meeting link

schedule


date
lead
title/topic


tbd
dr. li
 meeting to vote for new student representatives


tbd
dr. li
graduate student town hall meeting on zoom 



 
gis workshops
professional gis workshops are offered twice a year (december/january and may/june)
intro to gis i and ii; switching to pro; gis field data collection
workshop website and registration

contact: dr. maribeth price ( maribeth.price@sdsmt.edu )

geoe/geol/pale advisory board meetings
next meeting: saturday, april 26, 2025. 

contact: dr. robert hall (robert.hall@sdsmt.edu)

back to top


professional gis workshops offered by south dakota mines

upcoming workshops



workshops

date




tba

tba
 




*online attendance is supported with zoom. (except field data collection workshop). **concepts discussed in workshop apply to both arcmap and arcgis pro, attendees must
                              select which application for lab exercises ahead of time. fall/winter 2023 workshops
                              will be the last workshops that include the option for arcmap instruction.◊receive a $100 discount by registering for both intro to arcgis i, ii workshops in one week. 
workshops are held in december/january and may/june. daily schedule is 8:30am to 4:30pm
                              mountain time, with an hour break for lunch. 
register online
note: if you do not receive a gis workshop confirmation email within a day or two
                              of registering, please email victoria.karnes@sdsmt.edu to inquire.

workshop descriptions
intro to arcgis i: mapping with gis
instructor: victoria karnescost: $550 course outline (pdf) this workshop is for people with no previous gis experience. it covers the basics
                              on how arcgis stores and manages map data and introduces participants to making maps
                              and working with gis data sets and data tables. gis data storage, creating maps, publishing
                              map layouts, and working with tables are all covered. it also includes an overview
                              of commonly used sources of gis data and how to adapt them for your own use. (tuition
                              includes license for mastering arcgis or mastering arcgis pro e-textbook)background required: familiarity with windows and internet browsers

intro to arcgis ii: gis analysis
instructor: victoria karnescost: $425 course outline (pdf)this workshop is for people who want an introduction to the types of spatial analysis
                              possible with gis data. it introduces many key gis techniques, including how to: do
                              a suitability study based on multiple criteria, analyze spatial relationships between
                              layers, work with topographic data, interpolate values from point data, and solve
                              problems using distance and neighborhood factors. (tuition includes license for mastering
                              arcgis or mastering arcgis pro e-textbook)background required: intro to arcgis i workshop or equivalent experience

field data collection with arcgis          
instructor: victoria karnescost: $425 course outline (pdf)this workshop is for people who need to learn about how to prepare gis data for field
                              collection projects, collect spatially enabled data in the field, and integrate the
                              collected data back into the geodatabase. the course includes an brief overview of
                              geodetic fundamentals and geo-location technologies, and hands-on practice with arcgis
                              online hosted technology (survey123, quickcapture, and collector) using student's
                              personal devices. (byod: bring your own device)background required: familiarity with the arcgis platform recommended but not required.equipment: bad elf handheld gps units (provided with assistance from the south dakota space grant consortium) will be used to collect data. however, participants must bring their own phone or
                                 tablet (ios or android). see arcgis collector system requirements.
switching to arcgis pro
instructor: maribeth pricecost: $250 this workshop is designed for people who already know arcmap and arccatalog well and
                              need to quickly get up to speed on the basics in arcgis pro. the course covers the
                              key differences in the platforms, project documents, the new gui, integration with
                              arcgis online, visualization in 2d and 3d, symbolizing data, geoprocessing, tables,
                              and layouts. the course runs for two partial days with 5 hours of live activity each
                              day.background required: participants must already know arcmap and arccatalog well. this
                              course is not intended for beginners to learn arcgis pro. this course is no longer
                              offered regularly, but organizations needing training for multiple employees may contact
                              maribeth.price@sdsmt.edu to inquire about scheduling a session.equipment: participants must have arcgis pro installed on their computer and access
                              to zoom for this online course.

about the instructors
victoria karnes is the geospatial technology instructor in the geology and geological engineering
                              department at south dakota mines. she joined the south dakota mines faculty in 2022
                              after completing her master’s in science in space and planetary science at the university
                              of arkansas. she runs both the geospatial technology minors and geospatial technology
                              certificate programs and is in charge of arcgis licensing for all south dakota universities.
                              she also serves as a board member for the black hills digital mapping associations
                              and enjoys assisting other professors in various research projects across campus.
                              she earned her b.s. in geology from south dakota mines in 2019 and specialized in
                              esri products, qgis, and envi. 
dr. maribeth price holds a phd in geosciences from princeton university and is currently a professor
                                 of geology at the south dakota mines. she has been using and teaching gis for over
                                 20 years, has consulted on gis in both industry and government, and supervised undergraduate
                                 and graduate research projects involving gis. she is the author of mastering arcgis and mastering arcgis pro (mcgraw-hill higher education), introductory gis textbooks used by both college students
                                 and professionals in developing their gis knowledge and skills, as well as switching to arcgis pro (esri press). she has given more than 100 workshops to over 1200 participants since
                                 2000.

attendee comments

the instructor was very knowledgeable and presented the class clearly
the workshop helped me with understanding the general concepts
the class project aspect for each day helped
the organization was great. the instructor's ability to respond to questions real-time
                                 was very useful.


south dakota mines gis workshops is a proud sponsor of bhdma
back to top


gis data sources

helpful resources for beginners
if you are new to gis and gis data, here are a few articles and gis data sources to
                              get you started with some extra information: 

learn about mapping and geographic information systems: a quick beginner's look into gis (thank you, amelia!)
joseph kerski's  top 10 list of data portals (+ a couple honorable mentions)

arcgis online
there is a great deal of data and other content on arcgis online but since anyone
                              can post data without review, some of it is of low quality or is not documented. some
                              layers that look useful for analysis are imagery layers or tiled layers (image map
                              services) do not have downloadable data and are just pictures. to look for data you
                              can download, try adding the text "type:layer" or "type:raster" to your search text
                              (leave out the quotes). if in pro, click the living atlas button. (arcgis pro has new portal search capability with filters that makes this easier.) if using arcgis.com, click the box for authoritative
                              data and makes sure you toggle the button to look outside of your organization, if
                              you are in one. make sure to always check your data and make sure it is from authoritative
                              sources and includes documentation, as this will give you the most accurate and the
                              best quality data! for more info, visit arcgis online help: advanced search.
us data and other reputable sources
while this is not a complete list of all reputable data sources for the u.s., here
                              are a few sites to take a look at if you are looking for data. there are many other
                              data sources for other countries (and planets!) that you can also find on the web,
                              as well. if you are looking for gis data for certain states (or other countries),
                              you can usually find data by going to the states official site and searching for gis
                              data or searching the united states geological survey (usgs) websites for the individual
                              state. 

geospatial one-stop (data.gov)
the national map (usgs)
usda gis data gateway
national weather service - nws wcm weather event data: https://www.spc.noaa.gov/wcm/
prism climate data (grids of climate like annual precip, temp, etc)
massive list of government live gis data serviceshttps://mappingsupport.com/p/surf_gis/list-federal-state-county-city-gis-servers.pdf
south dakota open data site
south dakota geological survey gis databases
pad-us (protected area database) is useful for delineating potential ("available") land for
                                 site suitability models

 
if you are a faculty member, staff member, or student at south dakota mines and would
                              like to access our esri license specific data files, contact victoria karnes (victoria.karnes@sdsmt.edu)
                              for more information. 
back to top


alumni newsletters
 


 




2024 alumni newsletter
2023 alumni newsletter
2022 alumni newsletter
2021 alumni newsletter
2020 alumni newsletter
2019 alumni newsletter
2018 alumni newsletter
2017 alumni newsletter
2016 alumni newsletter
2015 alumni newsletter
2014 alumni newsletter
2013 alumni newsletter
2012 alumni newsletter
2011 v2 alumni newsletter
2011 v1 alumni newsletter
2010 alumni newsletter
2009 alumni newsletter
2007 alumni newsletter
2006 alumni newsletter
2005 alumni newsletter
2004 alumni newsletter

back to top








catalog links
2024-2025 academic catalog



geological engineering, bs
geology, bs
geology and geological engineering, ms
 paleontology, ms
geology, geological engineering, and mining engineering: geological engineering specialization,
                                 phd
 geology, geological engineering, and mining engineering: geology specialization,
                                 phd
geology, geological engineering, and mining engineering: mining engineering specialization,
                                 phd
 geology minor
geospatial technology minor
petroleum systems minor
 geospatial technology- undergraduate certificate
geospatial technology- graduate certificate
 petroleum systems certificate









have more questions?

department of geology and geological engineeringgeneral information and room scheduling - cleo heenan, department secretary(check faculty and staff page to see all the contacts information)




our facebook


(605) 394-2461
cleo.heenan@sdsmt.edu




 



back to top

















501 e. saint joseph st. rapid city, sd 57701

(605) 394-2511
admissions@sdsmt.edu





                     										consumer information
                     									

                     										directory
                     									

                     										careers at mines
                     									

                     										campus map
                     									

                     										sustainability 
                     									





















©  south dakota mines
site design by ifactory





 


 ©






