

















































mercy university | new york | apply today














skip to main site navigation
skip to main content



















important links

request infoapplyvisit






open the search panel



search












academics


school of business


school of education


school of health & natural sciences


school of liberal arts


school of nursing


school of social & behavioral sciences


4+1 programs


libraries


academic centers


academic support


catalogs, bulletins, & calendars


office of the provost


research and grants


special programs




admissions & aid


apply now


first-time freshman admissions


transfer admissions


graduate admissions


international admissions


catalyst program


events


financial aid


high school programs


parents & guardians


school counselor resources


veterans


visit campus




campus life


campus locations


commuting to mercy


dining at mercy


mavcasts


residential life


student activities & organizations


student stories




student support


care team


career development


counseling services


health & wellness center


international student services


mav market


office of accessibility


office of the registrar


opportunity programs


pact


transcript requests




about


awards & accreditations


office of the president


board of trustees


hispanic-serving institution


human resources


job opportunities at mercy


information technology


mercy administrative center


our history


support mercy


welcome to mercy university


directory




contact us








programs


athletics


blackboard


connect


news & events


give


certifi


job opportunities






information for...


current students


alumni


faculty


applicants


international students


job seekers


parents & families


school counselors


cnr alumni














made for mavericks














click to pause



made for mavericks

mercy was built for the first timers and second chancers. the daydreamers and night shifters. and anyone in between. discover what's possible at mercy university.


request informationvisit campusapply













which programs interest you?
explore our degree and certificate programs, which include disciplines like nursing, business, social sciences, education, technology, art and media. you're sure to find one that will ignite your passion and propel your career.
see all programs



















what type of student are you?
our goal is to make higher education attainable for anyone with a desire to succeed. discover the resources and support available to you when you come to mercy.


choose a student type







first-time freshman
transfer student
graduate student
international student
veteran





















congrats to our newly admitted mavs for 2025!
accepted student day 2025

new undergraduate students, join your fellow future mavs to learn all about mercy at this exciting event and:take a tour of campusmeet faculty from our six academic schoolsexplore clubs, student organizations and mingle with current students meet one-on-one with a financial aid advisor

see dates and locations













announcement
mercy university recognized as a top performer in social mobility by u.s. news & world report
learn more




announcement
mercy university remains committed to expanding college access through common app’s direct admissions program
read more




announcement
mercy university partners with collegebound initiative to further break down barriers to higher education
read more





















meet our proud mercy mavs













watch the video









gaya prasad
adolescence education, '23

"i thought that a big school was what i really wanted, but when i was there i didn't feel like an individual. at mercy, i'm seen as gaya and not just another student in the class."








watch the video









michael stone
physician assistant studies, '23

"i really liked that mercy was affordable, it was smaller, you're really not just a number here. you can have that connection with your professors which i found was very important for me."








watch the video









alyssa gonzalaz
business administration, '26

"mercy makes me feel at home. i feel like i've opened up a new chapter here where i'm able to rise up as an adult and be myself."








watch the video









david arias
veterinary technology, '16

"no matter where you come from, no matter your past, no matter your obstacles in front of you, you're able to do anything in this life, as long as you believe in yourself, and people believe in you, and that's what mercy did for me."























three unique campuses

whether you're on the banks of the hudson river or learning across new york city, each of our three campuses offer unique experiences you won't find anywhere else. but they do have some similarities, as they're all 100% mercy university and home to some of the most hard-working and friendly students, faculty and staff anywhere. check out the advantages of our nyc-area campuses for yourself!









westchester campus










westchester campus
the westchester campus overlooks the scenic hudson river and is home to many of our academic programs, ncaa division ii athletics, residential life, clubs and activities. 

555 broadway, dobbs ferry, ny

learn more







manhattan campus










manhattan campus
located in herald square, our manhattan offers an especially unique college experience. we provide motivated students with an affordable top-tier education to pursue their goals and transform their lives.

47 w 34th st., new york, ny

learn more







bronx campus










bronx campus
mercy university's campus in the hutchinson metro center offers a quality education in the heart of the bronx. join a close-knit community of students on a state-of-the-art, centrally located campus.

1200 waters pl, the bronx, ny

learn more













happenings at mercy

catch up on all the latest news and events from our campuses and community.















transfer admissions
mercy celebrates our transfer students

at mercy, we value our transfer students. your path is distinctly your own – from the experiences that shape you, to the life moments that inform what’s ahead. mercy celebrates where you’ve been and can get you where you want to be.continue your journey with us















news
mercy university’s speed networking fair connects students with employers
  over 150 students, resumes in hand, got the chance to practice their interview skills and meet with dozens of employers...



december 9, 2024

read more




news
mercy university business students shine in global competition
  mercy university school of business students sophia resolme, mason gifford, and olga ineza ranked among the top 20 teams at...



december 6, 2024

read more




news
venture capital leaders share ai workforce insights with mercy students 
  leading venture capital investors delivered a message of opportunity and adaptability to mercy university students during "ai and the future...



november 27, 2024

read more


































take the next step
we believe if colleges were more open, people's minds would be more open, too. because if all kinds of students got degrees, all kinds of people would have new opportunities. and with every new opportunity, the world transforms. not every institution believes in this vision, but we do. the world isn't made for mavericks, but mercy is. come join us.


plan a visit
request information
apply now











have questions?
call 1.877.mercy.go






a thriving community after graduation
join more than 70,000 graduates from mercy university and the college of new rochelle in networking and support future generations of students with a gift.

mercy alumni
cnr alumni
make a gift









academics
admissions & aid
campus life
student support
about
contact






visit
libraries
campus safety
bookstores
success toolkit
career & professional development






apply
directory
campus maps
work @ mercy
service excellence
student achievement







westchester

555 broadway
dobbs ferry, ny 10522
(914) 674-7600




manhattan

47 west 34th st
new york, ny 10001
(877) 637-2946




bronx

1200 waters place
bronx, ny 10461
(718) 678-8899







©2025 mercy university







title ix
consumer information
mercy university policies
nc-sara
whistleblower policy
human resources
information technology
privacy policy
strategic plan






social media links



























powered by google translate












