







beauty bible











































































































              home
            

            the beauty bible awards
          

            features
          

            prize draws
          

            we love
          

            wellbeing
          

            scent notes
          

            beauty clinic
          

            q&a
          

            contact
          






















































































homethe beauty bible awardsfeaturesprize drawswe lovewellbeingscent notesbeauty clinicq&acontact







real health & beauty for grown-ups  by  jo fairley & sarah stacey











scroll








features



see all






beauty bible posts

























fab find of the week: daisyface skincare
































beauty bible weekend steal: dove body love one cream
































it's up, up and away to celebrate the launch of benefit badgal bounce 
































win! the world's most luxurious hairbrush, from altesse studio (worth £395)
































sarah's health notes: get in training to walk the moonwalk
































fab find of the week: by terry rouge opulent
































beauty bible weekend steal: little soap company storage tins
































a victory for the bee population (and sanity)
































win genius innovations from beautifect (worth £377) + 5 runner-up prizes (worth £100+ each)
































jo's scent notes: perfumer h saddle
































the winners








we love






beauty bible posts

























beauty bible loves... elemis pro-collagen black cherry cleansing balm
































beauty bible loves… iconic london get cheeky 
































beauty bible loves... gatineau (supersize) age benefit regenerating cream
































beauty bible weekend steal: little soap company storage tins
































beauty bible loves… stila heaven's dew gel lip oil 
































beauty bible loves... ful intense moisture hair mask
































beauty bible weekend steal: nyx professional make-up buttermelt powder blush
































beauty bible loves... emma hardie vitamin c radiance gel moisturiser
































beauty bible loves... sculpted by aimee lashlift mascara
































beauty bible loves... fenty skin butta drop hydrating body milk 
































beauty bible weekend steal: e45 repairing hand cream (and other goodies)
































beauty bible loves… valentino spike ultimatte refillable lipstick
































beauty bible loves... elemis pro-collagen insta-smooth primer
































fab find of the week: merit flush balm new shades
































weekend steal... leighton denny trio 3-in-1 nail buffer
























now for a fab 2025!we hope you’ve all had a wonderful holiday and some proper downtime to set you up for the new year. we’re going to be very busy bees because, as we’ve hinted, we have a very exciting project of the literary kind to work on – more when everything signed and sealed (which should be soon).that’s in tandem with putting up all the latest news on this website, of course. with a daily beauty bible loves, here, a fab find of the week to start every week here, plus our weekend steal here.don’t forget to enter our fantastic weekly prize draws – for products that we really really want ourselves – they are completely free to enter but, as we always say, you can’t win if you don’t enter…check out sarah’s health notes – packed with wellbeing wisdom – or waft over to jo’s scent notes, in which she shares her scent finds and loves. and of course, whenever you are beauty shopping, please don’t forget to check in with our beauty bible awards when you’re shopping for skincare, bodycare, haircare, make-up, suncare and tools & devices – our testers have given their verdicts, and we remain confident that these awards really do offer a short-cut to products that truly work. remember: you can keep in touch with us via the contact button at the top of the page, or click here. we always love hearing from you. let us know your beauty ‘finds’ and also concerns – if we can help we will.with love,

 











prize draws






featured

























win! the world's most luxurious hairbrush, from altesse studio (worth £395)
































win genius innovations from beautifect (worth £377) + 5 runner-up prizes (worth £100+ each)
































win an exquisite eyeam care package (worth over £350)
































win! the perfume society’s luxurious fragrances discovery box (worth £35)



















tip of the day






tip of the day





















during these cold months, chest rub can come into its own, but here’s an alternative use: use it to soothe aching feet. try applying a thick coat of chest rub and covering feet with a pair of socks before going to bed at night. when you wake up, sore tired feet will be both moisturised and rejuvenated.






















the kindest thing you can do during an at-home manicure or pedicure is to apply cuticle cream to nails or feet first, then soak them in water for five minutes before pushing back cuticles with a rubber hoof stick. this creates the perfect ‘frame’ for your brushwork.






















freshen up combs and hairbrushes by soaking them in a solution of 600 ml warm water and two teaspoons of bicarbonate of soda. swirl them around in the water to loosen up all the debris caught between the teeth, then let them soak for about half an hour. rinse well and dry flat on a towel before using.






















we love this quote from our old friend eve lom: ‘true beauty comes from feeding your mind, as well as your skin.’






















always give hair a deep treatment a couple of days before having your hair coloured; it evens out porosity, helps the colour to deposit evenly, and minimises potential damage.













read more tips...








wellbeing



see all in wellbeing






beauty bible posts

























sarah's health notes: get in training to walk the moonwalk
































sarah's health notes: supplementary benefits
































sarah's health notes: brush up on your dental tlc – it could help save your life
































sarah’s health notes: festive first aid
































sarah’s health notes: the community café that created joy at christmas 2023 – and their plans for 2024
































sarah’s health notes: dry eye syndrome
































sarah's health notes: how to help your immune system
































sarah's health notes: aromatherapy for the menopause
































sarah's health notes: know the signs of gynae cancers
































sarah's health notes: how to stop scratching that itch! our eczema update
































sarah's health notes: embrace the 'glimmers'
































health notes: eye health for swimmers
































sarah’s health notes: drink water please….
































health notes: how to deal with puffy eyes
































health notes: the life-saving benefits of floating
































sarah's health notes: protect your eyelids in the sun!
































health notes: do have fun in the sun
































health notes: the clever medicinal plants that go where they’re needed
































sarah’s health notes: exercise beats therapy and pills for easing depression – and dancing came top
































sarah’s health notes: you’ve got that itchy sneezy feeling….
































sarah's health notes: love your pet day
































sarah's health notes: what to do when you don't love your wrinkles...
































sarah's health notes: the lowdown on gluten sensitivity
































sarah's health notes: confronting colds
































sarah’s health notes: holiday healers (again…)
































sarah’s health notes: lighting up the winter blues
































sarah's health notes: flower essences - first aid for advent
































sarah's health notes: beyond the stoma
































7 secrets of beauty and wellbeing: dr stefanie williams, dermatologist and medical director of eudelo dermatology & skin wellbeing
































sarah's health notes: running on full - how nurses stay energetic and alert



















fab find of the week 



see all fab finds






beauty bible posts

























fab find of the week: by terry rouge opulent
































fab find of the week: ad skin synergy sleep duo
































fab find of the week: merit flush balm new shades
































fab find of the week: dolce & gabbana make-up newness
































fab find of the week: manucurist active nail range
































fab find of the week: grace & stella eye glow trio
































fab find of the week: baobab orientalist collection
































fab find of the week: cosmetics à la carte silk road collection
































fab find of the week: grove england
































fab find of the week: elemis pro-collagen neroli cleansing balm



















scent notes



see all in scent notes






beauty bible posts

























jo's scent notes: perfumer h saddle
































jo's scent notes: maison louis marie
































jo's scent notes: arkive fragrances
































jo’s scent notes: perfumer h x nigel slater a feast
































jo's scent notes: seasonal candle guide
































jo's scent notes: fenty by fenty eau de parfum
































jo's scent notes: floris ledger series rose geranium (and rose geranium bath essence)
































jo's scent notes: guerlain l'art et la matière patchouli paris
































jo's scent notes: back to work scents
































jo's scent notes: sana jardin incense water
































jo's scent notes: upcircle santelle
































jo's scent notes: jo malone london x paddington orange marmalade cologne
































jo's scent notes: anatomē wellbeing perfumes
































jo's scent notes: chanel no5 l'eau drop (limited edition)
































jo's scent notes: la maison diptyque
































jo's scent notes: au revoir, frédéric malle
































jo's scent notes: ffern's natural fragrances
































jo's scent notes: jo malone london scented mementoes collection
































jo's scent notes: to the fairest cécile
































jo's scent notes: estée lauder legacy collection
































jo's scent notes: patchouli
































jo's scent notes: olfactive o skin
































jo’s scent notes: guerlain mitsouko
































jo's scent notes: santa maria novella i giardini medicei eau de parfums
































jo's scent notes: guerlain l'art & la matière tobacco honey
































jo's scent notes: floral street chypre sublime
































jo's scent notes: chanel les exclusifs cuir de russie
































jo's scent notes: la montaña eau de parfums
































jo's scent notes: jo malone london english pear & sweet pea 
































jo's scent notes: øthers 



















beauty bible loves



see all in beauty bible loves






beauty bible posts

























beauty bible loves... elemis pro-collagen black cherry cleansing balm
































beauty bible loves… iconic london get cheeky 
































beauty bible loves... gatineau (supersize) age benefit regenerating cream
































beauty bible weekend steal: little soap company storage tins
































beauty bible loves… stila heaven's dew gel lip oil 
































beauty bible loves... ful intense moisture hair mask
































beauty bible weekend steal: nyx professional make-up buttermelt powder blush
































beauty bible loves... emma hardie vitamin c radiance gel moisturiser
































beauty bible loves... sculpted by aimee lashlift mascara
































beauty bible loves... fenty skin butta drop hydrating body milk 
































beauty bible weekend steal: e45 repairing hand cream (and other goodies)
































beauty bible loves… valentino spike ultimatte refillable lipstick
































beauty bible loves... elemis pro-collagen insta-smooth primer
































fab find of the week: merit flush balm new shades
































weekend steal... leighton denny trio 3-in-1 nail buffer
































beauty bible loves... ekó botanicals newness
































beauty bible loves... meder lumino-derm brightening cream 
































beauty bible loves… odylique ultra-rich v
































beauty bible weekend steal: rimmel london wonder’full 24 hour brow mascara
































beauty bible loves... philip kingsley the elasticizer
































beauty bible loves... evolve organic beauty hydrating mask
































beauty bible loves… substack – and here are our top recommendations…
































beauty bible loves… hildun beauty luxe eyeshadow quads
































beauty bible loves... amouage guidance body lotion
































beauty bible weekend steal: dr.organic skin calm skincare
































beauty bible loves... soapsmith body butter melts
































beauty bible loves... chanel le bi-phase visage 
































beauty bible loves... jones road lip and cheek palettes
































beauty bible weekend steal: wicked x dr.pawpaw enchanted glimmer lip balm duo
































beauty bible loves… ultra violette newness 



















beauty clinic



see all in beauty clinic






beauty bible posts

























beauty clinic revisited: soothing winter skin
































beauty clinic revisited: can i use a facial oil in summer?
































beauty clinic: last minute present buying ideas
































beauty clinic: pampering presents for my mum please!
































beauty clinic: presents for teens 'n 20s girls
































beauty clinic: finding a gorgeous ‘free from’ skincare gift
































beauty clinic: girls' night in with the perfect manicure
































beauty clinic: scents to cheer a sick friend
































beauty clinic: d-i-y face masks for winter
































beauty clinic: should i use a blow dry spray?
































beauty clinic: healing scars
































beauty clinic: whitening toothpastes
































beauty clinic: eye make up for dry eye and blepharitis
































beauty clinic: recycling make up containers
































beauty clinic: double cleansing
































beauty clinic: help for back-to-school teen skin
































beauty clinic revisited: sunscreen for men
































beauty clinic revisited: beach hair s.o.s. 
































beauty clinic revisited: is there a waterproof bb cream?
































beauty clinic revisited: help for dark eyelids
































beauty clinic: solving an a&e doctor's mask-wearing challenges
































beauty clinic: looking for a natural facial spf
































beauty clinic: help with 'barcode' lines around the mouth
































beauty clinic: make up for masks
































beauty clinic: budget skincare for open pores
































 beauty clinic: help for teen skin problems
































beauty clinic: why 'the sticky minute' is important for serums
































beauty clinic: facial hair removal
































beauty clinic: spring foundation update
































beauty clinic: root rescue!
























our books



our original book – online to readthe beauty bible 

 


    read more
  



feel great – whatever your agethe anti-ageing beauty bible 

 


    read more
  



beauty doesn't have to cost the earththe ultimate natural beauty bible

 


    read more
  











latest posts



editor's letter



categories



books










stay beautifulfollow us



instagram










jo’s scent notes: @perfumerhlondon x @nigelslater a feast 🫶

nigel slater is a long-time aficionado of perfumer h, lyn harris’s new, post-miller harris fragrant venture. (or, more accurately, i’d call it a glorious ‘adventure’.) 

we couldn’t be more pleased that they’ve decided to collaborate, launching a fabulous new collection 💝

a feast’ is described as ‘a celebration for the senses’ – and that just sums it up. there are several products in the line, currently showcased in the windows of all the perfumer h stores. link in bio for jo’s full review 💫

#beautybibleloves #beautybloggers #collab #scentnotes #giftideas #christmas










fab find of the week: @cosmeticsalacarte silk road collection 💝

and whoops! it’s suddenly december and parties! parties! and we absolutely need a new lippy for glamming up purposes. if the thought of forging a path through the crowded ranks of counters in a beauty hall is just too much – too many people, too much choice - may we suggest an alternative? 

our longtime favourite make-up boutique cosmetics à la carte is just off sloane square in london. go there irl if you need to browse without being jostled and with expert advice. or go online and have a delightful snoop around. 

our pick for a most gorgeous, soft, sheeny, suits-everyone red lipstick is lustre lipstick in venetia, with a sheer or shimmer finish, from the new silk roads collection. 

link in bio for the full review 🫶

#beautybibleloves #fabfindoftheweek #silkroadcollection #lipstick #christmasmakeup #beauty #cosmeticsalacarte










beauty bible christmas gift guide 2024: the men’s edition 💫

the grooming world has impressed us with some great christmas offerings for 2024. so, from teens embarking on their skincare journey through to dapper dads who’ve embraced the concept of moisturiser (!), here’s our considered edit.

this line-up features:
@shakeup.cosmetics shake up the routine revolution (above)
@acquadiparma barbiere collection essential shaving kit
@espaskincare men’s winter wellness collection
@horace the complete face kit
@clarinsuk men start up essentials 
@lizearlebeautyco daily revitalising men’s collection bodycare gift set
@aesop aesop moroccan neroli shaving duet
@officine_universelle_buly crème pogonotomienne

link in bio to find out more 🎁

#beautybibleloves #giftguide #giftsformen #skincareformen #christmas #christmasshopping #beautybiblegiftguide










we’re not going to share a beauty bargain with you for our usual weekend steal this black friday 🖤

instead, we’re going to share something that’s really close to our heart, which is shopping locally, to support small producers, creatives, makers and shops in our own communities. (in jo’s case, hastings; in sarah’s, the picturesque bit of english countryside where dorset meets devon and somerset. 

we are both passionate supporters of the hand-made, the small-batch, the artisan. and as black friday has grown and grown, we’ve started to feel even more passionately about supporting smaller businesses. 

it’s at the very heart, meanwhile, of what holly tucker is doing at @holly.co a brilliant online marketplace which showcases products from a carefully-curated line-up of makers and creators, and where we’ve often bought things for friends.

link in bio to find out more 🌟

#beautybibleloves #weekendsteal #supportlocal #supportsmallbusiness #blackfriday










win @ekobotanicals 3 step skincare ritual (worth £168 each) ✨

we’ve been very taken with this range of natural nourishers since they first scooped a pair of beauty bible awards – and are so pleased that two of our readers will be able to discover its botanical glories, with a beautiful regime to cleanse, hydrate and treat 🤍

normally priced £168 for the trio, the 3 step skincare ritual prize is made up of:

amina ritual cleansing oil (normally £48 for 100ml individually) – inviting you to massage your face while you melt away grime, make-up and general skin debris, this beauty bible award-winning cleansing oil has an absolutely fabulous scent of neroli and petitgrain (which also balance skin and help to even out skintone), plus lemongrass, to detoxify, tone and decongest.

nefertiti radiance serum (£95 for 30ml) – featuring 30 botanical treasures, apinke promises that this can replace your usual vitamin c/hyaluronic acid/niacinamide serum.

makeda radiance ageless botanical oil (£45 for 15ml) – this was winner of both the gold and best natural accolades in our most recent beauty bible awards, with one comment summing up everyone’s thoughts: ‘friends have said: “you look well! your skin looks amazing!” i’ll take that, thank you very much’

link in bio to enter this fabulous prize draw 🌟

#beautybibleloves #prizedraw #skincare #win #ekobotanicals










sarah’s health notes: the community café that created joy at christmas 2023 – and their plans for 2024 🎄

when a trio of excited volunteers opened the doors of victoria park community café in frome at 8am on christmas day 2023, they thought perhaps a dozen or so people might come. in fact, over the next few hours, 350 locals dropped in to wish each other ‘merry christmas’, chatting and milling around by a tree gleaming with baubles, the café lit by festoons of fairy lights. 

led by caroline blake, the volunteers had been there prepping since 6.30 a.m.  now in full father christmas rig, they spent the day giving out hot drinks, cakes and little presents, some made by volunteers, others donations from local shops. anyone on their own was soon drawn in to sit with families so no one spent the day alone.

hear more about this wonderful story - link in bio 🤶

@victoriaparkcafe_frome 
#beautybible #christmas #support #communitycafe #notalone #festive #communitysupport










 











facebook



our website and social media contains affiliate links which means we may, in some cases, make a small commission if you buy a product recommended by us from a site we link to (at no additional cost to you). this helps us to offer you almost daily free content. it does not and has never influenced our choice, opinion or review of product; we do not take advertising or sponsorship and we only link to sites that we trust and feel comfortable pointing you towards. to find out more please read our terms & conditions.





106 high street
379 harold rd,
england, tn35 5hg,
united kingdom
info@beautybible.com


hours
mon 9am-5pm
tue 9am-5pm
wed 9am-5pm
thu 9am-5pm
fri 9am-5pm
sat closed
sun closed




about usbeauty bible awardsour manifestoour booksterms & conditionsprivacycontactsubscribe







































© beauty bible 2024










