



 



mortgage brokers in saint simons, ga | saint simons, ga | somerset mortgage corporation












































skip to content 





 

menu 




menu 
home
about
services
reviews
resources
contact
apply today
 












 







st. simons island & the golden isles: your mortgage headquarters









get preapproved for a loan today
























about us








why should you choose us?



we are a locally owned and operated mortgage broker. we have both the experience and expertise to guide you through the mortgage process smoothly and efficiently. as a bonus, you also get the best rates.nmls #133595georgia residential mortgage licensee #15527 







learn more about our team
























our services






mortgage loan programs









conventionalthis is the regular fannie mae or freddie mac loan. maximum l ...

 







learn more


















this is the regular fannie mae or freddie mac loan.maximum loan amount: $806,500 terms: the most common is 30 year fixed, followed by 15 year fixed, but almost any term is possible now.
down-payment choices start at 3%, then 5%, then 10% with some benefits as down payment increases to each level. at 20% down, you can eliminate the pmi – private mortgage insurance.
















fhathis is a government loan insured by hud and is probably the m ...


 







learn more


















this is a government loan insured by hud and is probably the most popular lower down payment program available.
maximum loan amount: $524,225 – in most georgia counties; $688,850 – metro atlanta counties.
the minimum down payment is 3.5% and can come from a gift. the minimum middle credit score required is 620, although lower scores can be approved with additional requirements and the seller is allowed to pay 6% of the sales price towards closing costs.
mortgage insurance for fha consists of both an up-front premium of 1.75% added to the loan amount, plus a .55% of the loan amount (annual) divided by 12 for the monthly amount to be included in your payment.
















vathis is a loan benefitting qualified veterans, including spous ...
 







learn more


















this is a loan benefitting qualified veterans, including spouses of deceased veterans, and is a 100% loan. there is no limit to the sales price and loan amount on a va loan, and you can still do 100%. the va funding fee (mortgage insurance) is required and consists only of an up-front premium added to the loan and this premium varies based on number of previous uses and if the veteran has a service-connected disability, in which case there is no funding fee.


















usdathis is a 100% loan in targeted in more rural areas and does h ...
 







learn more


















this is a 100% loan in targeted in more rural areas and does have income limitations. the minimum middle credit score is 620 and the seller is allowed to pay all the closing costs.
to determine both the geographic boundaries and the income limits, visit the rural development website here. borrowers may generally not own other real estate, and mortgage insurance is required.
















reverse mortgagea reverse mortgage allows borrowers age 62 and older to use th ...
 







learn more


















a reverse mortgage allows borrowers age 62 and older to use the equity in your home to enhance your retirement years. the proceeds are generally available either in a lump sum, a line of credit or monthly payments. there are some credit and income requirements to ensure the taxes and insurance will be paid on the property. typically, a reverse mortgage is a refinance, although a reverse for purchase program allows you to buy a home on a reverse mortgage. click here for more information on reverse mortgages.
















jumboa jumbo loan program is a loan over $806,500 the conforming f ...
 







learn more











modal title 








a jumbo loan program is a loan over $806,500 the conforming fannie mae limit. you can go to 90% or more for owner-occupied loans and 80% for 2nd homes. they are available in various fixed rate terms as well as arm programs.





















specialty – condominiumcondominium financing has become more restrictive over time bu ...
 







learn more


















condominium financing has become more restrictive over time but we still specialize in financing them on conventional, fha and va loan programs. they typically involve a little more paperwork, such as condo questionnaires as well as a budget and other condo documents. most of the condo complexes on st. simons, for instance, are eligible for normal financing.





























what our clients say






testimonials























contact somerset mortgage














office address1607 frederica road, suite 201
st. simons island, georgia 31522
 















office phone no.912-638-2020
 















office fax912-642-4000
 




















paul h sanders iii
 
















luv mcdowell-bailey

 















lori r. rua
 
















eric c freeman

 









 










   © 2023 - all rights reserved - privacy policy  website design & marketing by  omg national 
















