




  



home - city of pataskala







home - city of pataskala



























































document library
calendar
public services
pay court ticket online



 



				city of pataskala			

				official website			









blog
community

police

obtain fingerprints
solicitor’s permit
citizens police academy
important links/resources
prescription drug drop off
police officer job application
history of the pataskala police department
curfew
vacation house check form


fire
school districts


residents

taxes in pataskala

rita tax


local animal shelter/lost pets
dog license
bmv info
licking county health department
register to vote
report a gas emergency


new to pataskala?

good neighbor guidelines
outdoor activities
attractions


city departments

mayor
administration

garage sale permit
adopt-a-street program
rent a park shelter
current bids and rfq’s
outdoor activity/event permit
parade-assembly form


parks and recreation
economic development
human resources
utilities

utility rates
water and sewer billing/ e-billing
interesting facts and information
storm water management program
report a water leak


finance

pataskala’s income tax
budget
financial reports

popular annual financial report (pafr)
annual comprehensive financial reports
financial condition reports

2023 financial condition reports
2022 financial condition reports
2021 financial condition reports
2020 financial condition reports
2019 financial condition reports
2018 financial condition reports
2017 financial condition reports
2016 financial condition reports
2015 financial condition reports
2014 financial condition reports
2013 financial condition reports
2012 financial condition reports




audited financial reports
pataskala open checkbook


mayor’s court

important traffic violation info
pay fines or search case files
how to pay fines
traffic and general offense codes
plea descriptions
court appearance times
your rights in the pataskala’s mayor’s court
downloadable forms
sealing a record
informational court links
mayor’s court prosecutor
pataskala’s mayors court magistrate
mayor’s court rules
criminal/traffic diversion
bond schedule
fine schedule


legal
public service/streets

pothole repair

report a pothole


right of way
snow removal
traffic signals & street lights
drainage/ditches issues


planning & zoning

permit questions
planning & zoning fee schedule
discharge map
zoning maps
permits
comprehensive plan
properties with posted code violations


government

city council

ward map
tom h. lee – ward 1
mary hite – ward 2
deborah kohman – ward 3
brandon galik – ward 4
dustin epperson – at-large
jude hampshire – at-large
andy walther – at large


clerk of council

council packet
public notices
agendas
meeting minutes


audio/video recordings
legislation

approved ordinances & resolutions
2024 resolutions
2024 ordinances
2023 resolutions
2023 ordinances
2022 resolutions
2022 ordinances
2021 resolutions
2021 ordinances
2020 resolutions
2020 ordinances
2019 resolutions
2019 ordinances
2018 resolutions
2018 ordinances
2017 resolutions
2017 ordinances
2016 resolutions
2016 ordinances
2015 resolutions
2015 ordinances


codified ordinances
charter
public records request information




boards and commissions

personnel board of review
planning and zoning commission
board of zoning appeals
parks and recreation advisory board
planning & zoning commission
board of zoning appeals
















			i am here to... 







							pay fines or search case files						




							rent a park shelter						




							report a pothole						




							report a water leak						




							report a gas emergency						




							current bids and rfq's						




							find a job with the city						






							get a garage sale permit						




							ask about the income tax/rita tax						




							board of zoning appeals info						




							planning & zoning commission info						




							pay my water & sewer bill						




							do i need a zoning permit?/ zoning permit applications 						




							i need something else!						




 










 
 
 







a complete job description and employment application for the below job postings can be found on the city’s website at http://www.cityofpataskalaohio.gov/city-of-pataskala-careers/.
finance director
city of pataskala, ohio
the city of pataskala is seeking qualified candidates for the full-time position of finance director.  applicants should have at least four (4) years of increasingly responsible experience at a senior level in public finance, including general ledger accounting, payroll administration, budget development and accounts payable/receivable.  the ideal candidate would possess knowledge and experience of those subjects, as well as having budget development/forecasting experience, the ability to prepare comprehensive financial reports, and the ability to be bonded.  a bachelor’s degree in accounting or finance is the minimum educational requirement.  a cpa certification is preferred but not required.
this is a full-time contract position that reports to the mayor and city council and has a starting annual salary range of $90,000 – $120,000.  the city offers comprehensive health insurance and retirement programs to its’ employees.
interested candidates must submit a copy of the city’s employment application, a current resume, and 3-5 professional (non-personal) references on or before 12:00 noon on monday, february 10, 2025, to jessica cumbo, clerk of council, city of pataskala, 621 w broad st, suite 2-b, pataskala, ohio 43062.  apply by email to hr@ci.pataskala.oh.us, subject: ‘finance director’.  pre-employment drug, credit and background checks required.
 
utility operator 1
city of pataskala, ohio
the city of pataskala is seeking qualified candidates for the full-time position of utility operator 1.
an example of acceptable qualifications:  completion of secondary education or equivalent (high school diploma or ged); or any equivalent combination of education, experience, and training which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
must possess and maintain a valid state of ohio driver’s license and must remain insurable under the city’s vehicle insurance policy. must possess and maintain or be in the process of possessing a water treatment 1 and wastewater treatment 1 epa license. may be required to obtain and maintain a valid cdl class b or higher.
this is a full-time position with a starting annual salary of $26.50/hr. interested candidates must submit a copy of the city’s employment application, a current resume, and 3-5 professional (non-personal) references to joe peterson, utility director no later than 12:00 pm on friday, february 28th, 2025.
application materials can be sent either via email to hr@ci.pataskala.oh.us or mail to city of pataskala, 430 s main street, pataskala ohio 43062.  pre-employment drug screening and background check required.
 
planner
city of pataskala, ohio
the city of pataskala is seeking qualified candidates for the full-time position of planner.  under the direction of the director of planning and zoning, the planner performs a variety of basic planning activities in the implementation and enforcement of the comprehensive plan, zoning ordinances, subdivision regulations, and related development rules, regulations, codes and ordinances.
applicants must have completed secondary education or equivalent (high school diploma or ged); possession of a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in city planning, geography, public administration, or related field is preferred; or equivalent combination of education, experience, and training which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities. a complete job description and employment application can be found on the city’s website (www.cityofpataskalaohio.gov/city-of-pataskala-careers/).
interested candidates should submit a copy of the city’s employment application, a current resume, and 3-5 professional (non-personal) references to james m. nicholson, finance director, city of pataskala, 621 w broad st, suite 2-b, pataskala, ohio 43062 or apply by email to hr@ci.pataskala.oh.us, subject: ‘planner’ by february 28, 2025 by 4:00pm. annual salary for the position is $69,405. pre-employment drug screening and background check required.
 
utility operator 2 
city of pataskala, ohio
the city of pataskala is seeking qualified candidates for the full-time position of utility operator 2.
an example of acceptable qualifications:
completion of secondary education or equivalent (high school diploma or ged); must have a minimum of five (5) years of experience with the city of pataskala; or any equivalent combination of education, experience, and training which provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
must possess and maintain a valid state of ohio driver’s license and must remain insurable under the city’s vehicle insurance policy. must possess and maintain a water treatment 1 and wastewater treatment 2 epa license. may be required to obtain and maintain a valid cdl class b or higher.
this is a full-time position with a starting annual salary of $31.57/hr. interested candidates must submit a copy of the city’s employment application, a current resume, and 3-5 professional (non-personal) references to joe peterson, utility director no later than 12:00 pm on friday, february 28th, 2025.
application materials can be sent either via email to hr@ci.pataskala.oh.us or mail to city of pataskala, 430 s main street, pataskala ohio 43062.
pre-employment drug screening and background check required.
the city of pataskala is an equal opportunity employer






 city news




								municipal swimming pool positions  and seasonal grounds maintenance position available -closed 2-3-23 and 2-17-23							


							city of pataskala, ohio the city of pataskala is seeking qualified candidates to fill seasonal positions in its parks & recreation department for the operation of the municipal swimming pool.						


							see all news
						








							city of pataskala parks and recreation board vacancy – closed 1-10-23						


						the city of pataskala is accepting letters of interest for the following: parks and recreation board one (1) position available for an unexpired term ending december 31, 2023 this board					





							ward 2 council opening – closed 1-30-23						


						city of pataskala public notice the city of pataskala is now accepting letters of interest and resumes for the following: council 2nd ward         (1 position available) to be eligible,					





							licking county senior citizens levy advisory board opening – closed 1-10-23						


						the city of pataskala is accepting letters of interest for the following: licking county senior citizens levy advisory board              one (1) position available for an unexpired term ending january					









 important dates and events










 welcome to pataskala video


 



important people




mike compton | mayor


tim hickin | city administrator 


alan haines | public services director


scott fulton | director of planning


chris sharrock | assistant city administrator 


james nicholson | finance director


jessica cumbo | administrative assistant


see all 






how to reach us




mayor | (740) 919-1929


city hall | (740) 927-2021


public service dept. | (740) 927-1133


planning and zoning dept. | (740) 927-4910


utilities dept. | (740) 964-6275


finance dept. | (740) 927-3167


council clerk | (740) 927-4671













				how can we help you?			

				if you belong to any of the following groups, click the appropriate button & be directed to the page that should be of most use to you.			




								current resident							




								new resident							




								visitor							




								new business							












621 w. broad street, pataskala oh 43062















© 2025 city of pataskala | terms | privacy















