





university of virginia library | 100 objects exhibition



























skip to main content
go to library accessibility services





library



exhibition home


home


overview


images






visit


tour


book a tour












exhibition
the university of virginia in 100 objects

          a bicentennial exhibition celebrating the history of the university
        
august 24, 2017 - june 22, 2018

          the exhibition galleries of the harrison institute and albert and shirley small special collection library
          as well as over a dozen sites around grounds. learn more >>








get the app

download the walking tours of grounds app to map and find all 100 objects across grounds ...


get the app














buy the book

mr. jefferson's telescope: a history of the university of virginia in one hundred objects
                        from the uva press ...
                    

get my copy








is "100 objects" enough? absolutely not.

                        if you could add an item to this exhibition, what would it be?
view submissions.


submit an object







gallery information



harrison-small hours


mon-th:    9 a.m. - 7 p.m.
friday:        9 a.m. - 5 p.m.
saturday:  1 p.m. - 5 p.m.
          


directions
find parking



bring your group on a tour

          schedule a private tour for your group or class. private tours can be tailored based on your group’s needs.
        

book a tour
uva class tour





image gallery

          browse through selected items on view in the exhibition.
        

view images



events

join lifetime learning in celebrating the university of virginia’s bicentennial with an immersive, day-long experience on the history of uva in 100 objects.
        

view all library events






in the news



uva magazine
object lesson

          the summer 2014 uva magazine article that launched the book and an exhibition
        


uva press
mr. jefferson's telescope

          press release from the uva press.
        


uva today
uva in 100 objects

          take a look at 10 fascinating objects from a new exhibition in uva's albert and shirley small special collections library.
        


citizens band radio
brendan wolfe on citizens band radio

          historian and author brendan wolfe joins host coy barefoot to discuss his new book, "mr. jefferson's telescope: a history of the university of virginia in 100 objects."
        


the daily progress
reflection, fun kick off uva’s bicentennial celebration

          author brendan wolfe shares his favorite objects from the book and exhibition.
        


the cavalier daily
university in 100 objects talk addresses struggles surrounding u.va.’s changing identity

          event features author and encyclopedia virginia editor brendan wolfe.
        


the washington post
as u-va. marks its bicentennial, a collection of objects tells its complicated history

          an exhibit that is the perfect counterpoint to the traditional narrative of the rise of a great university
        


the miller school of ablemarle
one in a hundred: samuel miller's chair at uva

          object 27 in the exhibit is the personal chair of samuel miller, the visionary founder of miller school of albemarle.
        









download the press kit


have a question?
get in touch















