dj service, wedding dj's | kennebunkport, portland, maine dionne entertainmentclose alertjust published: the best wedding evercheck availabilitywe play the music that makes you dance!about ustestimonialscheck availabilitybook your eventformspodcastdave and joe dionne provide reliable, experienced dj and mc services for wedding receptions and ceremonies in maine with prices to fit all budgets. we're full time wedding djs, easy to reach, always available and completely committed to taking the time necessary to make your maine wedding a success. recommended by most major maine wedding venues, check out our maine dj event package, our references and our wedding testimonials. if you're coming to maine for your destination wedding and need a wedding dj, call, text or email us for a quick quote. we are real maine wedding djs based right here in maine. (207-240-3012)dave dionne is a professional maine dj, having worked on wblm, wjbq and wmgx.  joe dionne is currently the afternoon on-air disc jockey on wcyy in portland, maine. maine wedding djs since since the 70's, we make every wedding reception fun and successful! call or text 207-240-3012 for a "quick quote."   if price is your primary concern, give us a call or text or send in an email, we'll try to work with you. we're a great maine wedding dj/mc team, dave and joe dionne. also featuring veteran radio djs: wblm's brian james and wcyy's dominic lavoie, dj dan d, dj dan g , dj larry m, dj marcel,  dj larry t, dj john, dj paul l, dj bob  and dj dan l,  and our newest dj, dj sean.   d.r. dionne and steve hrehovcik (illustrator)the best wedding everweddings are one of the most happy days. family and friends gather to celebrate this exciting event.it’s a special treat for the flower girl and ring bearer. join them as they tell this wonderful story. see all the preparations, formal processions and heartfelt moments when the bride and groom become married. there’s fun, food, flowers, music, dancing, picture taking and lasting memories.the flower girl and ring bearer with remember “the best wedding ever” for long-long time.find out morecouples choice award for 2020award-winning teamdave and joe have been awarded the couples choice award for 2020 from weddingwire! we were also awarded the the knot's "best of weddings 2013" and the "couple's choice award" for 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016 & 2014 by weddingwire. dave & joe dionne were named to modern bride magazine's top 150 wedding entertainers in the country two years in a row! one of our weddings was featured on the tlc tv show "say yes to the dress" (august 19, 2011 at the samoset resort in rockport, maine) . we've also been featured in the kennebec journal and the lewiston sun-journal.dionne entertainment is a member of the national association of mobile entertainerswe're maine's most sought-after wedding djs.we answer the phone live and always return voice-mails promptly. email is checked throughout the day and night.dave's cell phone number: (207) 240-3012  dave@davedionne.comcheck availabilityscroll up &copydjs maine  • dave@davedionne.comthis website requires javascript to function accurately.