















traffic cop stories







































































traffic cop stories






























































































wednesday, september 21, 2011







headlights on when raining





this is quote of my friends story..
many years ago, riding thru nw alabama on ala 155 one rainy afternoon, i  had stopped at a stop sign, coming into moulton, al., when all of a  sudden i heard a siren blaring behind me. i pulled up, nudging the  tractor over so i could see behind me (we had just started getting 102"  trailers & they were hard to see around). there was a lawrence co.  al. sheriff's deputy behind me, signalling me to pull over. i pulled  thru the stop sign and pulled onto a pull-off on the side of the road  and got out of the truck. i walked to the back of the truck where he met  me and he proceeded to give me grief about speeding thru a construction  zone just north of where we were (i was speeding) and not stopping 5  miles back, where he first started signalling me. i informed him that i  never seen or heard him because it was raining (hard to see) and that  the truck was loud inside and i had the windows rolled up (hard to  hear). as he was brow beating me for speeding and not stopping on his  command, i noticed that he did not have the headlights turned on, on his  squad car.
i interrupted him as he was talking and said, "excuse me deputy, could  it be possible that the reason that i didn't see you was because you  didn't have your headlights on? isn't there a law in ala. that says  "headlights on when raining"?"...
he quickly changed his direction and told me that he was in a hurry,  didn't have time to write me a ticket and he was just going to give me a  warning this time. he further told me that he was going to be watching  out for me. i responded with, "you just keep those headlights on because  i'm going to be looking for you, too"... he spun his tires as he was  leaving...





posted by

ketut widarta



at

1:07 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















followers











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2011

(1)





        ▼ 
      



september

(1)

headlights on when raining


















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























