






boundary waters marina - north georgia resort


















































 
















call (706) 896-2530
 







enjoy the beautiful shores of lake chatuge in hiawassee, ga



 (706) 896-2530 location blog




 



boat rentals
boat sales
marina
boater safety
lodging
contact
 






 















make a reservation online


boat rentals
lodging rentals









“perfect place to relax “



the room was clean and much bigger than expected. the beds were comfortable. the staff was friendly. we had a great time. if you are looking for a good place to eat you should check out the deer lodge. there was a long wait but it was worth it.
 - judy 



“wonderful experience”



all of the staff were friendly, professional, and helpful. they told us exactly what to do. we rented the boston whaler runabout and it was spotlessly clean and in great shape. we had a wonderful time on the water.
 - dawn 



“great family vacation”



our family had a great time at the resort and marina. we rented a pontoon boat for the day and went tubing and fishing. the cottage we had was super nice and clean. i would recommend this place to anyone. we will definitely come back again. the area was beautiful and the weather was perfect. the staff was very friendly.
 - christian 



“our second visit to boundary waters”



we had another stellar good time. everybody thoroughly enjoyed the accommodations as well as the excellent customer service. this place is amazing! our only complaint was we needed a couple of more days! we’ll see ya next year!
 - eddie 



amazing



wonderful place to have a good time. the staff is amazing and works hard to make your visit the best it can be!! i will definitely be coming back for some more time on the lake. the location is perfect because of being surround by the beautiful mountains. this is the best marina in the area and i would recommend it to anybody!
 - katie 


 








boundary waters resort & marina on lake chatuge in hiawassee, georgia
escape to the shores of beautiful lake chatuge with boundary waters resort & marina.  our north georgia resort features a deluxe fleet of boat rentals, scenic lakefront cabin rentals, and a 200 slip marina.  only steps from the water, our cabin and lodging rentals feature decks overlooking the lake and free dockage for your boat.  on the water, we have 30 power boat rentals on lake chatuge, and a helpful staff to get you on the water.  boundary waters resort & marina is also the #1 jc tritoon dealer in the country, with a large selection of new and used luxury performance tritoons for sale.  our showroom is right on the water so you can test drive each boat and truly appreciate the ride of a jc, the original tritoon.
only minutes from downtown hiawassee, georgia, our peaceful lakeside resort is the ideal vacation getaway in the north georgia mountains.  located two hours from atlanta, chattanooga, and asheville - our north georgia resort offers scenic, secluded accommodations for a family vacation, a romantic getaway, or a day of boating pleasure.
 















the choice is yours to do as much or as little as you decide. whatever your idea of the perfect vacation, you're likely to find it with our peaceful lake chatuge rentals in the beautiful mountains of northeast georgia.
 
 
contact boundary waters resort & marina today to plan your vacation

 


lake chatuge boat rentals
our full service marina is nestled in a protected cove on the south end of north georgia's peaceful lake chatuge, with boat rentals and lakefront vacation rentals available. our marina offers 200 covered wet slips, open slips, and certified marine mechanical services. whether you're looking for the perfect weekend escape or a week of family fun, boundary waters resort & marina is the destination you've been looking for. enjoy a leisurely cruise on north georgia's beautiful lake chatuge aboard one of our tritoon pontoon boats rentals, sport pontoon boats, or runabout rentals. pull into a quiet cove for a picnic and swim, or try your hand at fishing.  enjoy a day of water sports on one of our deluxe ski boat, deck boat, wakeboard boat, or jet ski rentals. for a little exercise, try our canoe or kayak rentals and then relax at our lake chatuge resort in the quiet mountains of north georgia.




lake chatuge marina and boat sales
boundary waters resort & marina has been the exclusive boat dealer for jc tritoons in north georgia for the past 30 years, and we are jc's #1 dealer in the country. visit our in the water boat sales showroom to see the latest in jc luxury performance pontoon boats and find the best selection of north georgia boat for sale.  browse our inventory online of boats for sale.  our full-service marina offers boat service, boat repair, custom sunbrella canvas, and boat cleaning services. be sure to stop in our blue canoe gift shop for unique home and fashion accessories, boating supplies, water sports equipment, snacks and more.
things to do in hiawassee
hike on the nearby appalachian trail, go whitewater rafting or spend the day fishing on lake chatuge.  you'll also find a growing selection of wineries, well kept golf courses, a 6-screen movie theater, and horse back riding.  only minutes away from our lakefront resort, hiawassee, ga boasts a array of local shops and boutiques, unique restaurants and entertainment - all from the convenience of our north georgia resort on scenic lake chatuge.




 

 
 


            	boundary waters resort and marina
            


 
stay with us and get 10% off boat rentals!
 
 
 




sign up for more exclusive deals:


email




















boat rentals
boat sales
marina
boater safety
lodging
contact
 area attractions
sitemap
customer reviews
online store
 


find us online!













contact
 107 boundary waters drive
hiawassee, ga 30546
 706-896-2530
 info@boundarywatersresort.com




© boundary waters resort & marina 2025. all rights reserved.
website by rearview advertising
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.






x
stay with us and get 10% off boat rentals
details

call (706) 896-2530


























