


one conservative point of view







				one conservative point of view 
			





fighting socialism one vote at a time








(last updated 9/12/2008)








fred is back from the gun rights policy convention - see the report blog in process







visit
the soapbox








fred's open letter to conservatives - also posted in redstate. you didn't listen!








our constitution still matters - see the video













fight another stupid tax













remember 9/11/2001
pray to god for our continued safety. also, pray to god that our government which is tasked by our constitution to keep us safe from enemies (both foreign and domestic) has the strength and integrity to persist to use all of its power to continue to keep us safe.
pray for comfort of all the families that lost members on this day in 2001.
remembering september 11, 2001










neil young's
let's roll





gigs
(music)















fred's blogs:
liberal fair - red state - gs2ac










september 11, 2001





 campaign 2008 





campaign 2006





campaign 2004 





campaign 2003





campaign 2002





campaign 2000





'01 & '05 inauguration 





2001 presidential gala





echampions





d.c. night tour





second amendment 





the soapbox





camping





photography 





music 





books





links 





computing

















friday, january 9, 2009 is a day marxists and socialists the world over will remember with trembling fear.
*** fredhoot.com is back on line! 
***read the story here - part 1 - part 2.
what's fred up to?
marxism sucks

vote republican next time

-

fredhoot.com is winning the fight against marxism. - recent world interest map






if one day americans wake up and the government declares sharia law to be the law of the land, we have only ourselves to blame.  we should have paid attention and eliminated the threat before it became ingrained into our culture under the liberal guise of political correctness.
remember that daniel perl already lost his head over this very thing.







patrick henry, a patriot and founding father of our country said: "it cannot be emphasized too strongly or too often that this great nation was founded not by religionists but by christians, not on religions but on the gospel of jesus christ".
fred says: in order to survive, we need to bring jesus christ back into government.









see what the iraqi citizens really think about us.
we should not care what the terrorists think about us.






























































god bless our troops







proud to be an american








new person of interest captured
see the best pictures since saddam was found!
freddam hoosein in captivity!













testimonial for a local company that supported our troops in iraq







the golden state 2nd amendment council 
last thursday of the month at harry's hofbrau in san jose












proud member of nra and crpa and golden state 2nd amendment council




read the declaration of independence














the savage nation
saving america from the liberal assault on our borders, language, and culture









visual reminder of what happens when you do not have a second amendment.






















































a lot of good music and fun were had at the the cattleman's, which closed it's doors in 2007 after over 25 years of supporting the local music scene. new year's 2001 pictures. 5/26/01 party pictures.  new year's 2003 pictures.








soap box


8/15/2009


tea party for barbara boxer at her book signing
august 15, 2009
san jose, ca borders book store

see pictures of patriots and useful idiots!


1/9/2009
7/4/2009


happy independence day


enjoy your freedom.  it was earned by brave men and women that gave their lives, fortunes and souls for our initial and continued freedom from despots and repressive politicians.
pray to god with worship and thanks, as he is our creator who gave us the unalienable rights of which our founding fathers enumerated some, but not all, of them in our declaration of independence, constitution of the united states and the bill of rights.  also pray to god with thanksgiving that our founders created our republic that we enjoy today.
also give thanks for the millions of men and women americans of all descents for their service they gave to us in defending these rights for us and people all over the world who requested our help in remaining free or for liberation from tyrants.  many of our troops paid the ultimate sacrifice to make and keep us free and it is our duty to make sure we remain that way.
god bless,
fred
july 4, 2009
5/25/2009

memorial day - 5/25/2009
remember those heroes who paid the ultimate price for our freedoms

1/10/2009 - stop our local politicians from increasing your family’s food budget by about $40 per month.  you will be charged $0.25 for each bag!
this makes it harder for many families to survive in the current financial market we are in.
go to http://www.stopthesantaclaracobagtax.com and sign the petition.  you can also sign the petition at many stores in santa clara county.
go do it.  this is not the type of change we need!


our constitution still matters - see the video


12/25/2008


merry christmas
celebrating the birth of christ in the year of our lord 2008.
....not a "winter or holiday celebration".

we

wish
every
one a merry
christmas and a
safe and healthy new year.
god
bless
us all
and god bless america.





12/17/2008

death toll for 2nd amendment?
congratulations, america!
one reason we arrived here
people voted not to work
video












 

soap box archives 
some lost archives discovered!





september 11, 2001 should never be forgotten.
































ring of conservative sites 
join!
[ prev | skip prev | prev 5 | list |
rand | next 5 | skip next | next ] 











republican communitypowered by ringsurf




fhoot@aol.com


















