
















home






























                  english
en



  español
es

 tiếng việt
vi







    


     home


   i'm new here



  history of st. martin of tours faith community



  life of st. martin of tours



  administration and leadership



  pastoral council



  finance council



  church directory





  cemetery



  events


   calendar



  bulletin



  supporters





  sacraments



  vietnamese


   liên lạc cha qn, hđmv & các trưởng ban





  christian ministries


   food pantry



  children's ministry



  youth ministry


   faith formation



  confirmation prep





  adult and family formation


   adult formation





  human concerns



  liturgical ministry



  music ministry



  stewardship committee





  contact us


   our staff








        

 





  











    
 





      


    welcome to

st. martin of tours parish
  we are glad you are here
 due to the frigid temperatures predicted for tomorrow (feb. 18), our parish office and food pantry will be closed.
﻿we will instead be holding our food pantry on thursday (feb. 20) from 10am-12pm. stay safe and warm everyone. 



    click the button below to take the time survey for this summer's

﻿vacation bible school

  

vbs times survey




       
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button



 
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button









    weekend masses

saturday vigil  4:00pmsunday  8:30am, 10:30am, 12:00pm (vietnamese)

  weekday masses

monday- friday  8:30am
 holy days

8:30am & 6:30pm (english)holy day vigil mass 7:30pm (vietnamese)

  reconciliation

saturday  3:00pm(or by appointment)

  adoration and reconciliation

monday
6:00pm(except holiday's or holy day's)



   
 

  

bulletin


 
 

  

online giving


 
 

  

calendar




    upcoming events
  see all the wonderful events happening at our parish.
 
  

featured events




    list of services
   
 childcare closed
due to construction on the bell tower, we will not be able to offer childcare until further notice. we are anticipating this to be done by march, but we will keep you posted on the status of this project. we apologize for any inconvenience. please remember, children are always welcome in our church.

 registration







  list of services
   
 parish dinner
our next parish dinner is on saturday, march 1 at 5:00pm. we will be having a new entrée, chicken parmigiana with mostaccioli.

 register here









   


  meet our pastor
  fr. andrzej sudol, scj
 as pastor let me extend a warm welcome to you and other viewers who visit our parish on the net. i hope you'll find this "extension" of our parish inviting and interesting, as well as a great way to stay informed about upcoming parish activities. we hope to keep the information available here fresh and vital for you, our parishioners and visitors. through our website, you will find staff and parishioners who desire to make you feel welcome at st. martin of tours.  please feel free to contact the
parish office with your questions and interests.  
no matter where you are at in your journey of faith, we would like to welcome you with open arms at our church and parish in person as well. we believe that christ loves and embraces us in each moment, regardless our limitations and failures. we challenge each other to grow deeper in our encounters with jesus through many of our adult programs, small faith sharing groups, and service. we commit ourselves
to pray and worship, with spirited liturgies, placing eucharistic at the center of our shared faith life.
we learn and listen to each other and through our commitment to life-long faith formation. and we serve.  our prayer and learning send us out to live our faith in our relationships with family and friends and through parish ministries to the needs of people in our community and beyond.  we seek to warmly welcome all people without judgment (regardless of the stage of their spiritual life) with all their hopes, struggles and failures. we don’t have all the answers, but we can offer you companionship as we seek god’s truth together. please feel at home at st. martin of tours and let us know how we can serve you, and our brothers and sisters, better and more effectively. 
fr. andrzej sudol, scj    

fr. andrzej's blog




   
 our mission
 we aspire to become growing and vibrant disciples of jesus christ who are sent to minister to our brothers and sisters in our parish and larger community. we are committed to worship and pray as one community and to welcome those who are new to our parish. we aspire to listen to each other and learn, through a variety of formation meetings, about our heritage and who we hope to become. we aspire to accept our limitations and celebrate our diversity and talents. lastly, we strive to follow the example of jesus christ to serve those in need and to become the good shepherd for them.  vision statement

a diverse and vibrant, growing community of disciples of jesus christ that aspires to be a beacon of the word to all.







   

mass times


       


  7963 s. 116th streetfranklin, wi
414-425-1114
parish@stmoftours.org
 
    

 

 

 







     © 2025 
weconnect  |  by lpi






















































































































  
  share by:








