











tricalico interactive (stephen hustedde)





















                tricalico interactive
              




                email : shustedde@gmail.com
              









                stephen hustedde
              


 




home (current)


teaching


videos


development


consulting/workshops


blog










please pardon the dust and disruption as i remodel this site. i anticipate the site to be fully operational in mid-january 2024.








                hello! i amstephen hustedde . . .
 i have been a college professor in computer information systems at south mountain community college in phoenix, arizona for 34 years. during that period, i have taught a variety of cis courses, but specialize in programming and mobile app development. at smcc, i have served as the interim dean of academic innovation, as a division chair over most of our occupational programs, and stints overseeing our campus assessment and faculty development efforts. with an m.ed. in educational media and computers, i worked as instructional technologist at arizona state university for twelve years, helping faculty introduce and utilize technology in and out of their classrooms.
contact me








































            professor
			  












 


            developer
          





















 


          consultant 

















              teaching!
            

             the portrayal of teacher jaime escalante in the movie, stand and deliver is what inspired me to pursue an academic career. the best part of being a professor is teaching and training the next generation of software developers. i thrive on being creative, providing practical and real world projects, and building an environment of successful learning with industry-pertinent rigor. throughout my career, i have implemented innovative practices including flipping the classroom, detailed weekly checklists, creating instructor-led videos, combining courses, providing cohort experiences, and (most recently) utilizing reflective assessment coupled with an apprenticeship model approach in pursuit of greater student mastery. as educators, we must be committed to constantly improving our courses to benefit student learning.
            

              curriculum vitae [pdf]
            













              reflective assessment
            

            in spring 2022, i piloted a 'reflective assessment' approach in my programming classes coupled with a move to an apprenticeship format in which i provide my solution to every project as a video code review. student success more than doubled. most students felt they learned better than with traditonal methodologies of being graded on assignments and they felt less stress. as the instructor, i loved the enhanced communication with my students. 

              read more
            















 video playlists 







python level i (cis156)








photoshop practicum








c# level i (cis162ad)









 
c#/.net maui (cis165dc) 








c# level ii (cis262ad)








android app development










ios app development








flash animation








serenity grace




click a thumbnail above to navigate to that youtube playlist - opens in a new window.








        get in touch
      






 



linkedin










602.305.5605 (smcc)










shustedde@gmail.com















		  © 2023 stephen f. hustedde
      











