


home | the brown derbies































toggle navigation














home
about
events
members


music
tour
audition
contact






 

 the 
brown derbies

book us






 the history of the hat n' vest

			since 1982, the brown derbies have graced the time-honored walls of brown university in providence, ri. from baton rouge to beijing, from san francisco to switzerland, from wayland arch to the white house—the derbies have established a renowned international, domestic, and on-campus presence since our founding.
			
 			
			the oldest uninterrupted tenor-through-bass a cappella group on campus, the derbies are known for our energetic performances, expert musicianship, and unique sound. we sing tunes ranging from ’80s hits to modern pop, entertaining a wide variety of audiences united by a common love for beyonce.
			

 

 
 

 








 what's up with us?
 the brown derbies are absolutely thrilled to be recognized on varsity vocal's 2020 edition of best of college a capella. our track, happier, is the culmination of hours upon hours of hard work with arranger amit chakrabarti '21 and soloist michael saracco '21 at the forefront. 






best of college acapella 2020,  avaliable now!





 new ep: melvin's room!
 the wait is over. our brand new ep melvin's room is available now!!! the derbies have been working tirelessly to bring this project to your ears and we can't wait for you to finally listen. the ep is now availalbe to stream on spotify and apple music! 









 who are we?
 friends, colleagues, lovers in rome, the derbies are more than just pretty faces...




arata fujii '25
derby #183



michael delaurier '25
derby #184



aidan leblanc '25
derby #188



xavier dargan '26
derby #189



benjamin bradley '26
derby #190



mikai spencer '26
derby #191



sohum sanu '25
derby #192



chris pollack '25
derby #193



grant weihs '27
derby #194



rohan menon '27
derby #195



bruce yanovitch '27
derby #196



vivek pall-pareek '27
derby #197



jake delesky '27
derby #198



daniel ma '27
derby #199




read our bios




















 a lil' fun for your ears







 
					the brown derbies enjoy a rich history in music and performance.  we have recorded fifteen studio albums, eight of which are available on spotify and apple music.  through engaging and lively performances, we have redefined traditional perceptions of a cappella and carry a diverse repertoire that enables us to perform for a wide variety of audiences and settings.

					  
					in october 2022, we released our latest ep, melvin's room.  check it out on spotify and apple music. if you like this one, be sure to listen to our other albums like to be determined with our boca 2020 nominated track happier!
					




 
 









tour the world
 every year during winter recess, the derbies migrate from providence to share music, perform workshops, and engage with audiences worldwide.  annually alternating between domestic and international tours, the derbies have visited california, louisiana, and texas in the united states, as well as china, switzerland, great britain, and spain abroad in recent years.  the derbies especially love to bring a cappella to those who have never before experienced it.  we provide an engaging experience for our tour audiences reflective of our excitement to sing around the world.
			


















 paris 





 versailles 





 royal holloway 





 sacre-coeur 





 london 






previous



next




 tour 2024: england & france

						  the derbies undertook a tour de force second consecutive international tour splitting two weeks between london and paris and in the process showing the ropes of tour to the largest
						  freshman class in the history of the group! we enjoyed beautiful strolls across london's golden jubilee to get a world class view of the skyline followed by a visit to deans yard, 
						  former school to one of our very own! we spent a evening teaching music to and performing with royal holloway's absolute harmony and later spent a evening with the imperielles from 
						  imperial college london. after an incredible performance for the brown club of the uk we sped through the chunnel to soak in so many incredibly gorgeous sites: louvre to sacre-coeur, 
						  l'arche de triomphe to l'tour eiffel, all ending in a full day at the palais de versailles.
					   




 tour 2023: spain

                          this year, the derbies toured spain! starting in madrid, we found ourselves getting lost wandering the city, from the bright lights of gran via to the stately plaza mayor. 
						  as artists ourselves, we couldn't help but visit the prado and stroll in parque retiro to watch all the amazing street performers! after a day trip to the old city of toledo,
						  we then moved on to barcelona. there we had a great time performing for the american school of barcelona, craft barcelona, and the brown club of spain. when we weren't performing
						  we took in goregouse sights like the sagrada familia, casa batllo, and the entrancing gothic quarter. however, the true beauty was in the classic derby memories
						  we made along the way... and the tapas!
					   

















 toledo 





 madrid 





 toledo 





 barcelona 












previous



next




















 san francisco, ca 





 pacifica, ca 





 san francisco, ca 





 san francisco, ca 





 los angeles, ca 






previous



next




 tour 2022: california

                          our triumphant return to touring swept the derbies off to california! our adventures brought us to san francisco where we led a workshop for lick-wilmerding high school's vocal ensemble. we even had the chance to connect with several beloved derby alumni at the outer sunset farmer's market. after gawking at the panoramic views on top of twin peaks and scouring for dapper vintage jackets in the haight-ashbury neighborhood, we headed off to los angeles! ucla's campus welcomed us with open arms, where we held a magical backyard concert with the incredible awaken a cappella. after two years of virtual derby shenanigans, we were so grateful to be back on the road.
					   




 tour 2020: italy & switzerland

                            on our last pre-lockdown tour, the derbies took a trip to italy and switzerland. we first stopped in rome, where we spent time taking in breathtaking sites of the ancient ruins, singing for schools, performing at a law firm, and eating delicious food. we even got the chance to be featured on italian tv! next we traveled to florence, where we visited the uffizi, the duomo, and enjoyed the lively nightlife the city has to offer. finally, we ended our trip in the beautiful city of leysin, where our friends at the leysin american school hosted us for another workshop.
						
















 





 





 





 





 






previous



next






 tour 2016: china
 in january 2016, we wrapped up our winter break with a tour of china! we started off in beijing with a performance at the beautiful american club of beijing.  between gigs we took in the country’s extensive history by visiting the ming tombs, tiananmen square, and of course, the great wall of china!  after a high-speed overnight train to shanghai, we had an amazing time singing for qibao dwight high school and shanghai american school, while taking in the city's nightlife and many, many pork buns.
						















shanghai





 beijing - great wall of china 





 shanghai





 beijing






previous



next











 interested in joining us?

learn about auditions







 the derbies absolutely love performing - especially when there's a cheese platter involved.

book us

 visit the link above if you're interested in having us sing for your event!





 

 
 

 




				© 2022, the brown derbies. all rights reserved.
			




