


st. john the evangelist episcopal church - stockton, california - st. john the evangelist episcopal church






























st. john the evangelist episcopal church - stockton, california






	social media:














								home
							



								ministries/sermons
							



								prayer
							



								about us
							



								directions
							



								stained glass
							



								events/photos
							



								video streams
							
























join us for morning prayer, or holy eucharist on sundays at 10:30 am. in-person and live-streamed - click the video streams tab at the top of the page.316 n el dorado street at the corner of miner avenue, stockton, ca (see directions tab above.)ash wednesday service, 5:30 pm, on march 5. all are welcome!update your pledge, or make a one-time contribution to st. john the evangelist in downtown stockton. our web team has created a secure portal for you to update your pledge or make a one-time contribution on tithe.ly. https://tithe.ly/give?c=2296454


update your pledge or make a one-time contribution





​​if you don't have a copy of the book of common prayer at home, it's available online. https://bcponline.org/​​the lectionary (bible readings) is also available online.https://www.lectionarypage.net/​please join us on sundays at 10:30 am!









the hub is open on tuesday, wednesday, and thursday, 10:00-4:00, the phone is (209) 663-9955.if you have any questions or are in need of pastoral care, please email us: stjohnsstockton@gmail.comst. john's is stockton's historic downtown parish, established in 1850. 




add your email to our mailing list - let's keep in touch!
* indicates required field
email *











				i agree to receiving marketing and promotional materials
					*















subscribe to newsletter









visit st. john's on facebookepiscopal diocese of san joaquin websitethe episcopal church websiteanglican communion websiteepiscopal relief and development website                                                









john 3:16 - for god so loved the world that he gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life.







