home | the fetzer institutehome | the fetzer instituteskip to main contenthomeour work►funding databaseour shared sacred storyracial justice praxis projectour work in sw michiganresources►spirituality studynewsletterarticles, tools & practicesabout►contact usmissionour founder and historyour locationstaffboard of trusteesemploymentretreat centers►overviewgilchristseasonstoggle mobile menusearchshareshare this pagefacebooktwitterlinkedinemailclosesearch by keywordsearchclosehomethe spiritual path toward healing and hopewe are thrilled to share with you a new episode from the "everything happens" podcast series featuring rainn wilson and kate bowler. this special episode, recorded at the fetzer institute, is now available!listen hereon realistic hope: a reflection on advent, diwali, and hanukkahthe question we might uplift in response is how can we hold on to a realistic hopefulness? i think a great starting point are these celebrations of hope and justice that are drawn out of our faith traditions. read morefunding a faith-based global movementmost religious and spiritual paths teach us through their wisdom that suffering is the window to the divine. across all traditions,  spiritual innovators are mobilizing for a better world. yet these sacred-centered changemakers lack adequate resources.get involvedprevious slidenext slidethe latestnews fetzer institute board member, the rev. jennifer bailey, joins the dan and margaret maddox fund as executive directorunited states, november 14, 2024 – the fetzer institute is pleased to announce that its beloved board member, rev. jennifer bailey, has been appointed as the new executive director of the dan and margaret maddox fund. this addition brings a wealth of experience and a new vision for the fund's initiatives, which align with the institute's mission of fostering a more compassionate and connected world.the dan and margaret maddox fund is a philanthropic foundation based in nashville, tennessee, that uses its grantmaking to improve the lives of young people and protect the natural environment in middle tennessee. in her new role, rev. bailey will oversee the foundation's vision and operations.prior to this role, rev. bailey served for a decade as the founding executive director for faith matters network, an innovative womanist-led organization accompanying spiritually grounded leaders on their journey to healing themselves and their communities."while i'm excited for this next chapter, it's not easy to say goodbye," writes rev. bailey in an announcement to her faith matters network colleagues about her departure. "faith matters network has been home for me — a space we've nurtured together where those on the frontlines of justice can find rest, resilience, and renewal.”in a separate announcement to the dan and margaret maddox fund board of directors, rev. bailey shared, “i am so honored to step into this role. our focus on youth and the natural world is a public declaration of our unwavering commitment to building a better future and leaving this world better than we found it. […] i am so excited to help shape this next chapter of our work alongside our partners.”rev. jen bailey is ordained in the african methodist episcopal church, a public theologian, and a leader in the multi-faith movement for justice. she has been an ashoka fellow, new pluralist field builder, aspen ideas scholar, on being fellow, and a truman scholar. she has served on the boards of the jessie ball dupont fund and was recently the chair of the healing trust board in nashville.fetzer invites the community to extend their heartfelt congratulations to rev. bailey on this exciting new chapter!read more ►more recent postsview allsep 6, 2024news"shared sacred story" episode 1: generational devotionjul 8, 2024newsfetzer institute appoints steven harris as vice president of  ecosystem transformationmay 15, 2024reflectionsjoin fetzer and carve out time for your spiritapr 10, 2024reflectionssparking religious curiosity in today’s youthour mission
inspired by our founder john e. fetzer, our mission is “helping build the spiritual foundation for a loving world.” we work to achieve this mission by catalyzing a movement of organizations and funders applying spiritual solutions to social problems so that all people can flourish.
 meet our staffview all staffnathan moorespiritual engagement coordinatorsarah roelofsdirector of spiritual caresign up to receive our newslettersubscribe9292 west kl avenue
kalamazoo, mi 49009(269) 375-2000our communitystaffboard of trusteesaboutemploymentcontact usnewsletterblogemailfacebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutubeclosesearch by keywordsearchour work►funding databaseour shared sacred storyracial justice praxis projectour work in sw michiganresources►spirituality studynewsletterarticles, tools & practicesabout►contact usmissionour founder and historyour locationstaffboard of trusteesemploymentretreat centers►overviewgilchristseasonstoggle mobile menusearchshareshare this pagefacebooktwitterlinkedinemail