


cable news lies - the truth about the cable news networks






































current news




ny times
la times
boston globe
the guardian
washington post
yahoo news
bbc news



blogs we read




thebrandnewbag
daily kos
atrios
bartcop
think progress
huffington post
sirotablog
talking points memo
americablog
newshounds
bulldog 
manifesto
crooks & liars
progressive eruptions
rude pundit






watchdogs




mediamatters.org
fair.org
alternet.org
oreilly-sucks.com
cjr.org
media transparency
conwebwatch



other links




moveon.org
move left
democraticunderground
truthout.com
buzzflash
air america
unknown news
wrh.com
daily beacon
mike hersh
prison planet
moose & squirrel
freedom toons

webmasters






media bias






nyt, networks offer scant skepticism on iran claims
democrats put out security plan (media ignores it)
sunday news shows have clear conservative bias
new study debunks "bipartisan" abramoff claims
how the press played dumb about the k street project
the facts on the jack abramoff lobbying scandal
newsweek: blissfully ignorant of the constitution
top 12 media lies in the bush/nsa wiretap scandal
while we were sleeping (where was the media)
media let don rumsfeld lies go uncorrected
media fails at basic fact checking
journalists avoiding the real libby story
olbermann: msnbc bosses upset by liberal guests
media coverage disappearing in the iraq war
tim russert's purpose in life
media ritual of lamenting the habitual
media lets bush spread 8 lies about hurricane
pew poll: 67 percent critical of bush's relief efforts
media let bush officials spread lies about hurricane
media let bob williams spread right-wing propaganda
when “old news” has never been told
mainstream media suffer collateral damage from iraq war
local abc affiliate refuses to air anti-war ad
conservative media smearing cindy sheehan
blaming the antiwar messengers
alternative media is the new source for news
big media interlocks with corporate america
the incredible blight of tv punditry
how beltway-itis rots reporters brains
democrats move to reregulate media
journalism: it's not just for journalists anymore
tell congress to renew the fairness doctrine
lmsm, the 'lying mainstream media'

one of these days

the liberal media: the times, it is a-ragin'

under bush, a new age of prepackaged television news

money, media & the mess in america

myth: the u.s. has a liberal media






pnac information






people for the new american century
have you heard of pnac, unless you are a news junkie like i am probably not. that's because the corporate cable news networks do not want you to know about pnac. they never mention pnac, or any of their members, or what they do in america. they act like there is no pnac, yet they put their members on the cable news shows all the time without disclosing they are members of pnac. this is a violation of the ethics rules of journalism, they are all partisan conservative neo-cons who are put on the air and passed off as objective foreign and war policy experts. not once have i seen any of them identified as members of pnac on any cable news show. 
you are probaly asking who is in pnac, and why do the cable news networks hide it from the people. here is a partial list of their members, the chairman is william kristol, other members are donald rumsfeld, dick cheney, james woolsey, paul wolfowitz, richard perle, william bennett, jeb bush, lewis (scooter) libby, elliot abrams, john bolton, william schneider, frank gaffney, clifford may, gen. barry mccaffrey, gary bauer, charles krauthammer, steve forbes, and many more. click here to read the web page i set up with all the details about pnac and why they are a danger to america.






polls







cable news poll

which cable news network has the most bias

fox msnbc cnn


current results









news anchor poll

which cable news anchor is hurting america the most

bill o'reilly sean hannity john gibson joe scarborough tucker carlson wolf blitzer paula zahn lou dobbs


current results

















fair use notice: this web site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. we are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. we believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law. in accordance with title 17 u.s.c. section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.

for more information go to: www.law.cornell.edu if you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.



copyright

©2005 - 2009 cable news lies

cablenewslies.com privacy policy









