








 
 
 
about rcl & associates
rcl & associates is a boston-based consulting firm specializing in providing implementation-ready counsel and advocacy services to senior management in information security. leveraging more than fifteen years experience in it strategy consulting and product management, rcl & associates takes a unique perspective on the traditional industry analyst role and brings it forward into the twenty first century.
who we are
robert lonadier, cissp founded rcl & associates in 1998 and is currently its president and ceo. robert has over fifteen years of high technology strategic consulting and product management experience. robert has worked with and for diverse clients such as alcatel, computer associates, check point software, intel, ibm, at&t, and lockheed. robert holds an engineering undergraduate degree from mit and an mba from the sloan school of management. robert is a member of  (isc)2,   issa, and also a member of wewantwork-boston, a group of 40 senior professionals organized to promote their job search. please contact robert at robert@rcl-associates.com
introducing aditya darooka
aditya holds an engineering undergraduate degree (with honors) from mumbai university, india. currently he is pursuing a masters in computer science with specialization in network security at the university of southern california (usc). previously, mr. darooka worked as an information security consultant for welspun india. aditya's research interests in information security include his thesis on next-generation intrusion detection systems which will be published in the fall of 2003. please contact aditya at aditya@rcl-associates.com 
writing, speaking, and press quotations
   
the new age of e-commerce 
 
searchsecurity webcast: viruses, security awareness, identity theft with bob lonadier 
 
searchsecurity webcast: top security news bytes with bob lonadier 
 
what do dinosaurs have to do with security? 
 
intrusion prevention: what is it? 
 
the economic return of security 
 
microsoft and the return of pki 
 
the problem with slammer 
 
winners and losers for 2003   the future of intrusion detection 
 
government misses the boat on trusted information awareness 
 five security myths and how to address them 
 why the bush administration cybersecurity plan falls short 
 ibm buys access 360 - identity management grows up 
 the economic return of security - presented at the issa new england meeting 9-17-02   managed security service providers are dead - long live mssps
 expect the unexpected 
 symantec acquisitions: foolish or foolproof?
 novell - almost, but not quite
 pki roi - why so hard?
 passwords passe?
 ipass and infoexpress team up to shorten sales cycles
 why signature files will not go away anytime soon
read rcl associates analysis on e-business security and other topics in leading on-line publications like sc magazine. to receive periodic updates on rcl associates news and analysis signup up for our email newsletter




join the rcl & associates mailing list 
email:







how we are different
the role of industry analysts is dramatically different from what it was just a few years ago. the explosion of information available via the internet has redefined the source of value away from reports and market studies and towards a much more consultative, hands-on approach. at the same time the speed with which strategy must be executed has increased tremendously. companies simply don't have the time to wait six months for an analyst report to give them guidance on which markets to go after. often times the window of opportunity must be seized in a matter of weeks, not months, if a market penetration campaign is to be successful.
rcl & associates has responded to the needs of its clients by mirroring that flexibility. as a virtual corporation, our overhead stays low while the variety of projects we can accommodate, from single consulting sessions to multiple month onsite product marketing projects, stays high.
typical vendor projects
typical projects include strategic review sessions, competitive analysis, and go-to-market planning. we also have extensive experience as a product marketing and product management professional and would be willing to work in that capacity on a contract basis.
end-user research services
we feel that the best way to be of value to the vendor community is to have a deep understanding of the practical issues facing end-user organizations today. there is no substitute for direct experience in this regard. that is why rcl & associates spends most of its time on both a formal and informal basis getting to know end-users through both project and non-project work. we have extensive qualitative research capabilities to help both vendors and end-users make sense of security technology investments. possible end-user research projects include:
	- technology vendor selection
	- return on investment analysis
	- best practices and benchmarking
	- security adoption profiling
	- disaster recovery and business continuity planning assessment
recent project work
recent project work includes:
- strategy analysis session with a leading distributed denial of service (ddos) supplier to sharpen selling message and differentiate among competing solutions 
- strategy planning session plus purchase justification study and white paper to prepare a leading anti-virus for successful u.s. product launch 
- business case justification white paper for outsourced remote access 
- technology impact assessment white paper for secure hardware and software system for pcs and other personal devices 
- delivered a "security trends" presentation as part of a securing consulting and managed security services seminar
- developed a four-page, rapid turn-around white paper on secure web access for a joint promotional campaign for two networking hardware suppliers
- strategy analysis session for european-based system management software company with product introduction plans for the u.s. market. 
- outsourced product management/product marketing services for a start-up supplier of web application security hardware and software
for more information
for additional information on these projects or how we can better suit your needs please contact us at info@rcl-associates.com or call bob lonadier at 781-934-6197.

