





quilter's world - the magazine for today's quilter



























			your browser is outdated. upgrade to a modern browser to better experience this site.
		


your browser has turned off or is blocking javascript.
if you are using a content blocker, check to see that you have not globally turned off javascript.
if you have turned it off manually in your browser, please enable it to better experience this site.










already a print or digital subscriber?





not a subscriber?click here to find out more!









subscription center






















log-in information

subscriber log-in
newsstand log-in

quilt essentials

from our readers
note from the editor
current issue
favorite finds
mystery quilt

shopping

buy fabric
top 20 patterns
new patterns
shop annie's
give a gift

stitch guide
quilting on the web

store locator
issue highlights video archive
quilt block of the month

customer service

manage my account
offers from unauthorized agencies

more information


revisions & updates
store owner information
advertising
designer guidelines



follow us on ...





















featured in our spring issue
blue china
design by wendy sheppard -- quilted by darlene szabo of sew graceful quilting
scrappy quilts are fun to make because one doesn't see the final look of the quilt until ... 



featured in our spring issue
bye-bye jacob
designed & quilted by sarah fulks of snugglebugstitching
this spin on the classic jacob's ladder block combines the block with a diagonal ... 



featured in our spring issue
coastal lagoon
design by matthew pridemore of the whimsical workshop -- quilted by heidi pridemore
contrasting shades of purple and teal swirl in a piecework dance.



featured in our spring issue
come fly with me
design by lisa morlan of ann chase designs -- quilted by yvette weiland
freedom and adventure await in this visually engaging design.



featured in our spring issue
don't worry, be purple
designed & quilted by karen schindler bialik
create this beautiful quilt in your favorite purple fabrics.



featured in our spring issue
garden delight
designed & quilted by mercedes rose of something from nothing
four fabrics and one simple block are all you need to add this pillow to your spring decor ... 



featured in our spring issue
gentleness
design by kristen clay -- quilted by sister chicks quilting
bold modern florals make a striking medallion-style quilt that works up quickly.



featured in our spring issue
heart blooms
designed & quilted by kim ratchford of stitched in purple
framed hearts set the mood for a cozy quilt to wrap yourself up in.



featured in our spring issue
journey
designed & quilted by rachelle craig
even a journey of 42 blocks begins with a single stitch!



featured in our spring issue
one-fabric table runner
designed & quilted by carol whilhoit of carolquilts
one fabric, creative cutting and simple piecing create a striking table runner!



featured in our spring issue
shoo fly stars
design by eileen hoheisel -- quilted by linda thesing
spring colors in two alternating blocks blend together to create a secondary design.



featured in our spring issue
sleep. eat. sew! pincushion
design by chris malone
this pincushion stitches up in no time and serves as a clever reminder of fun things in ... 



featured in our spring issue
soleil
designed & quilted by jill metzger
fun fabrics and two coordinating blocks combine for a creative quilt.



featured in our spring issue
spring ahead
designed & quilted by jen daly of jen daly quilts
with its yellow butterflies and flowers, green grass and blue skies, this scrappy, stash ... 



featured in our spring issue
sweet summer sky
designed & quilted by scott a. flanagan
bring fresh colors inside with this breezy summer design.



featured in our spring issue
tetradic
designed & quilted by jessica rose
this contemporary quilt pattern brings a fresh, vibrant twist to traditional quilting, ... 



featured in our spring issue
twizzle
designed & quilted by jennifer thomas of curlique creations
triangles dance in circles to form the center of this quilt in pinks, teals and pale blue. ... 






customer service
current issue
shop annie's









 





current issue
favorite find

















our spring issue

cover story:
take a fresh spin
on a unique kaleidoscope design

also featured:

grow a scrappy quilt garden
with spring ahead


stash-buster blues
with wendy sheppard's blue china


new print subscriptions |
						print gift subscriptions |
						renewals






free-motion quilting with angela walters


angela walters lights up the pages as she combines skill, talent and creativity in her new book, the ultimate guide to free-motion quilting with angela walters. angela shares her expertise and knowledge of free-motion quilting in this skill-building instructional book that invites you into her personal classroom where she shares her passion for quilting and vast knowledge of quilting techniques, tips and insights. you will be inspired to create stunning circles vines, arcs, points and swirls as you explore the 319 pages of beautifully photographed free-motion designs, diagrams, easy-to-understand instructions and words of wisdom. whether you're a beginner or an advanced quilter, angela is the perfect companion and teacher to have right at your side. visit www.ctpub.com. suggested retail: $34.95.


















quilt essentials |
							quilting on the web |
							customer service |
							about us |
							shopping |
							more information |
							advertising


copyright © 2025. annie's. all rights reserved. |
						privacy policy | 
						terms of use |
						accessibility policy | 
						do not sell my personal information








[x] close












