



 







cedar river water & sewer district – cedar river water & sewer district




















































(425) 255-6370 

pay your bill









the district


district office

about crwsd
our mission
district map
memberships


your commissioners

board of commissioners
meetings
agendas
minutes
resolutions


join the team

employment





customers


accounts & billing

pay your bill
rates
new accounts
closing accounts
meter faqs


cross connections

cross connection control
backflow assemblies
verified testers
cross connection faqs
backflow reports


links & resources

before you dig
conservation
f.o.g.
hazardous waste
leaks





forms and publications


publications

latest news
newsletters
district rfqs
water quality
comprehensive plan


forms library

customer forms
general forms
construction forms


common forms

duplicate bill authorization
autopay bank draft
leak adjustment
letter of availability
connection charges
verified backflow testers





contact us












district office holiday hoursthe district office will be closed monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of president’s day.







upcoming board meetingcedar river’s board of commissioners next meeting will be tuesday, february 18, 2025.
meeting agendas







join cedar river on nextdoorhi nextdoor neighbors!
subscribe to cedar river water & sewer district on nextdoor to see news & tips
crwsd nextdoor







protecting your water pipesprevent damage from frozen pipes this winter!

insulate your water pipes
insulate your outdoor spigot
know where your water shut-off valve is located.

by taking a few simple precautions, you can avoid the mess, hassle and cost of wasted water and repairing leaky pipes.
for more water-wise tips, tools and rebates, visit savingwater.org







celebrating 50 years of the safe drinking water act!on this day in 1974, the safe drinking water act was signed into law, ensuring safe, clean drinking water for millions of americans. for 50 years, the sdwa has protected public health and driven innovation in water treatment. cedar river water and sewer joins awwa in celebrating this huge milestone essential for public health!







lead service line inventorythe district has completed the initial lead service line inventory as part of the lead and copper rule revision. all water service lines within our service area have been classified as non-lead based on plumbing code, district records, or physical inspection. to view the data for a specific property, use the link below to access our interactive map.
water service line inventory map







wet wipes 101wet wipes look the same but 90% are not meant for flushing.   check the packaging for “do not flush” and when in doubt, throw it out!
wet wipes 101 / #flushsmart







learn how you can avoid sewage backupsthe side sewer is the pipe that carries away sewage from a building. side sewer is the property owners responsibility.
maintaining your side sewer







how to choose a new water-efficient toiletwhen it comes to your home’s toilet, you likely don’t think about it too often as long as it’s working the way it should. for many of us, that’s the case. but toilets age and over time, they do need to be replaced. how can you tell if your toilet has reached the end of the road?
picking a water efficient toilet







free irrigation water use assessmentscedar river water & sewer district offers free irrigation water use assessments to our business, commercial and multi-family customers through the saving water partnership. we’ll help you identify areas to save water and money while still maintaining a green, beautiful landscape. learn more: water use assessment







utility bill financial assistance resourcesking county and washington water assistance have programs to help with utility bills.
learn more









cedar river water & sewer district
monday – friday
8:00 am – 4:30 pm
phone: 425-255-6370
email: custsvc@crwsd.com









open public meetings
board of commissioner meetings are regularly scheduled events that take place at 3:30 pm on the 1st and 3rd tuesday of each month. you are welcome and encouraged to attend.











call before you dig
building a deck? planting a tree? installing a mailbox? 811 is the new number you should call before you begin any digging project.  accidentally breaking a line can be costly for you. save the headache, schedule a locate service by calling 811.











saving starts in the bathroom
did you know…..installing restrictive shower and faucet heads can save up to 50% of water used? …..in the average home, 2/3 of all water used indoors is used in the bathroom?…..toilets use 33% of that indoor usage?…..the average person uses 80 gallons of water a day?…..the average family, 165 gallons per day?











did you know?
should you have a plumber or contractor suggesting any water or sewer work outside of your home or business, like a meter replacement or sewer line replacement call us first! this one call can save you paying thousands of dollars for work that may be the districts responsibility. additionally, you can save yourself from unnecessary penalties for tampering with district-owned equipment.





recent news


 customers asked to voluntarily reduce water usewe have had an unusually dry summer and the forecasts predict a potential delay in the return of sustained fall rai... learn how you can avoid sewage backups... washing your car?saving water partnership has great ideas to save water and protect our watershed while getting your car looking goo... kiddie pool timeconsider these ideas to save water while having fun!... king county ordinance 18403 – removal of surchargein november 2016, king county ordinance 18403 was enacted to impose rent upon water, sewer, gas, and power utilitie...


 





commissioners steve puryear
charles terwillegar
ron harmon

management sean bauer
general manager
todd tandecki
operations manager
janette vandenbergh
office manager

contact monday – friday
8:00 am – 4:30 pm
18421 se petrovitsky rd
renton, wa 98058
(425) 255-6370
customer service

nextdoor join cedar river on nextdoor

cedar river nextdoor

 



                     © 2025 cedar river water & sewer district
                


pay your bill
contact us
home


































