



















romeoville, il | official website









  















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














    government      public safety      business/development      residents      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 
 





 








































  
 
 


























 














utility payments








agendas & minutes










 
 














forms








report it










 
 














foia/transparency








jobs & volunteer










 
 
 




 














development projectsview interactive map








parks & recreationexplore programs & events










 
 














press releasesview latest news stories








my placefocused resident information










 
 
 











 




  
 




 news
 events
 other info.




 news















romeoville featured on wgn radio's "your hometown" 


the village of romeoville was recently featured on wgn radio's "your hometown". to watch the video and listen to the interviews,
 click here. 






winter weather information 


read on for information about the snow parking ordinance, warming shelters, snowplow safety, power outages, and more.			additional info...







requesting proposals for new enterprise resource planning (erp) system 


the village of romeoville is seeking to replace its current enterprise resource planning (erp) system with a modern system that incorporates all of the software technology advancements developed over the past few years.						read on...







update - romeoville water: securing our future 


to learn more about the journey to a new water source for the village of romeoville click here. 






view all




/civicalerts.aspx


 

 events















white oak library presents the blues with fruteland jackson: lecture & concert - 2/18/25 


learn about the blues and then enjoy a performance by fruteland jackson!						read on...







white oak library presents lotería! - 2/20/25 


dive into the vibrant world of this traditional mexican game. with colorful cards featuring iconic characters and symbols, lotería brings friends and family together for fun-filled entertainment.			






dive-in movie night - 2/21/25 


join us for dive in movie night at the romeoville aquatic center, 630 townhall dr. on friday, feb. 21st featuring the movie luca.						read on...







o'hara woods volunteer workday -2/22/25 


come join the conservation foundation and the friends of o'hara woods improve the ecological health of o’hara woods at our  volunteer workday.						read on...







white oak library presents hidden messages in negro spirituals on the underground railroad - 2/25/25 


historian connie martin explains the connections of plantation songs with meanings and interpretations of lyrics of some songs used in regions of the south that signaled a multiple of signs and tips that aided freedom seekers as they headed to canada.						read on...







21st annual springtide craft show - 3/29/25 


make it a shopping saturday at romeoville’s 21st annual springtide craft show! nearly 100 indoor booths to shop from.  free admission!  free parking!			additional info...







hoppy hound egg hunt - 4/6/25 


join us for a pawsitively fun hoppy hound egg hunt at wiggly field dog park on sunday, april 6th!			additional info...







bunny bash - 4/11/25 


enjoy a variety of indoor activities and get your photo with a bunny at the bunny bash on friday, april 11th!			additional info...







aqua egg hunt - 4/13/25 


hop into the pool and collect as many eggs as you can on sunday, april 13th!  registration required.			additional info...







community garage sale - 5/3/25 


take part in or come out and shop the romeoville community garage sale on saturday, may 3rd.			additional info...







upcoming community events 


don't miss the upcoming events being held in the community! there are many events that will take place in romeoville, but are not sponsored by the village of romeoville.						read on...







donate blood - save lives 


there is an urgent need for blood donations. see the upcoming dates to donate. make an appointment before spots fill up!						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


 

 other info.















village offices closed - president's day - 2/17/25 


village offices will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of president's day.			






senior information 


romeoville is committed to providing the best possible service to our senior citizens. for more info. on programs and services click here. 






veteran information 


we've gathered veteran related information into one, easy to navigate place. for helpful resources, click here. 






safe exchange zone 


do you purchase items on online community groups? exchange your items at a safe location - the romeoville police dept! for more info., click here. 






online registries to consider 


the village of romeoville has several different online registries that residents may want to consider signing up for if the registry service applies to you or a loved one.						read on...







prescription drug collection program 


the village of romeoville has joined many local law enforcement agencies by instituting a collection box for unwanted, unused and expired medicines.						read on...







no solicitor registry 


the no solicitor registry is aimed at preventing solicitors from visiting your residence. residents can pick-up no solicitor window decals at romeoville village hall or the police department.						read on...







unwanted vehicle tow program 


the romeoville police department in conjunction with area tow companies has developed a program for residents who want to rid their property of a vehicle(s) they no longer wish to keep.						read on...







do you know what home improvements need a permit? 


building permits are required for most home improvements so that the building inspectors may inspect for safety, zoning, compliance etc. for more info., click here. additional info...







police department offers counseling services to residents 


the romeoville police department offers, free-of-charge, counseling services to residents. a licensed clinical social worker is on staff full-time and can assist with family counseling, domestic violence and drug abuse. all services are confidential.						read on...







waste management's at your door program 


romeoville residents living in single family homes and townhouses have the ability to dispose of household materials like paint, cleaners, motor oil, garden chemicals, batteries, electronics, and more through waste management's "at your door" collection.						read on...







romeoville police department offers vacation check service 


spring break is coming up! did you know that the romeoville police dept. offers a vacation check service for  residents. when a resident goes away on vacation, a police officer can check their home up to three times a day to make sure it remains secure.						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


 



 
 
 



 














trending topics
 






  
 













open gov



request a clearance letter



pay your romeoville taxes



solicitor permit information



garage sale permit application



good neighbor fund application



road resurfacing 



2023 water quality report



building permit information



business/development what's going on?



residential rental registration



crime free housing/landlord training seminars



report street light problems



i-55 construction - project update









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 














calendar of events
 






  
 




 events
 meetings
 other events




 events











feb
17	


village offices closed - president's day

village offices closed - president's dayread on...






feb
21	


dive in movie: luca

dive in movie: lucaread on...






mar
28	


yard waste pick-up begins 4/1

yard waste pick-up begins 4/1read on...






mar
29	


springtide craft show

springtide craft showread on...




view all events




/calendar.aspx





 meetings











feb
19	


village board meeting

village board meetingread on...






feb
20	


foreign fire tax board meeting

foreign fire tax board meetingread on...






feb
25	


planning and zoning commission meeting 

planning and zoning commission meeting read on...






mar
5	


village board meeting

village board meetingread on...




view all events




/calendar.aspx





 other events











feb
15	


isle a la cache museum presents tales from the hearth

isle a la cache museum presents tales from the hearthread on...






feb
17	


white oak library presents esl reading & conversation group

white oak library presents esl reading & conversation groupread on...






feb
18	


white oak library presents pinochle club

white oak library presents pinochle clubread on...



white oak library presents doodle hour: 3d pens

white oak library presents doodle hour: 3d pensread on...



white oak library presents computer class: microsoft excel basics

white oak library presents computer class: microsoft excel basicsread on...



white oak library presents the blues with fruteland jackson: lecture & concert

white oak library presents the blues with fruteland jackson: lecture & concertread on...






feb
19	


white oak library presents american mahjong

white oak library presents american mahjongread on...



white oak library presents tween master chefs

white oak library presents tween master chefsread on...



white oak library presents teen volunteer night

white oak library presents teen volunteer nightread on...




view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 














featured videos
 






  
 
 








 
 








 
 








 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







1050 west romeo road


romeoville, il 60446


phone: 815-886-7200


monday through friday 7 am to 4 pm


email
 






  
 



  
 







socials







facebook








x








youtube








instagram








linkedin










 
 



  
 







helpful numbers







village hall: 815-886-7200


fire department: 815-886-7227


police department: 815-886-7219


public works: 815-886-1870


recreation center: 815-886-6222


water billing: 815-886-7212
 






  
 
 



 














home







employee access







site map







accessibility







copyright notices













/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









