





rushmore university: chartered management institute accredited online university




























 rushmore university






home


insight


programmes

unique programs
mba/ma/ms degrees
dba/phd degrees
startup champion
entrepreneurship
mba entrepreneurship
green energy development
investing in real estate 
coaching a winning mentality 
academy of roots music: 
webinars & short training
free courses 
paid courses 



research

ph.d. thesis



tuition fees


apply online


students


payment (existing students)


about



  login
  rushmore admin
              












providing a world class opportunity to gain useful
        knowledge and apply it to everyday problem solving.
 insight 











mba/ma/ms
learn more




dba/phd degrees
learn more




science and technology policy
learn more












blockchain verified certificates and transcripts
in this age of employment transition, fewer and fewer students today choose full-time studies, but rather elect part time or online study courses and degree programs.
read more







blockchain verified certificates and transcripts

×



in this age of employment transition, fewer and fewer students today choose full-time studies, but rather elect part time or online study courses and degree programs. as a forerunner in this online learning space, rushmore began the process of online learning years ago, when others attacked us and called us but a “flash in the pan.”
rushmore now is, again, one of the first to present a revolutionary new offering: blockchain verified certificates and transcripts.  this will credential students for everything they learn, no matter the setting, and the learning curriculum cannot be diminished or refuted.
rushmore verifies blockchain through futarium, one of the first blockchain entities to focus on specifics in the educational space.  this is just another way that rushmore offers you a “cutting edge” education.






partnership with cmi
rushmore offers our open coursework degree program, or a certified program through chartered management institute. if your use for your degree requires 
partnership with cmi
















what are you doing with your life 
by professor robert donnelly
professor robert donnelly is an author, educator, and brand builder. his new book: personal brand planning for life, is a guide for anyone on how to develop their own personal brand. 














getting a job - it's your business
by: professor alan guinn
professor alan guinn,  for several years, hosted a television program called "it's your business."  here is a link to the one of the television programs  which was posted on you tube. 
copyright
btn network.








how to market yourself 
by: professor robert donnelly















accredited. recognized. respected.







prof. mgr. iveta matušíková, phd., mba

i am from the czech republic, europe but now i live in nsw, australia. at rushmore university, i completed an mba program, followed by a phd. program and then i was appointed professor. from the very first day of my studies at rushmore university and also throughout all my studies, the rushmore approach to me as a student was highly professional.  all study programs i completed were practically oriented and helped me expand my leadership skills and knowledge for my career as a university vice-rector.
i very much appreciate rushmore university´s non-traditional approach to education. it showed me new possibilities, and ways of education. this 100% online study allowed me to study and at the same time to handle a full-time job.
                            i am proud to be a graduate of this university!










graham j blucher

i enrolled at rushmore to gain further qualifications in management and leadership, as i held a senior managers role, and was looking to  gain promotion to the senior leadership team. the company regarded qualifications highly, and promoted those with advanced degrees. i saw that, without these qualifications i would not be in a position to advance. after researching different on-line courses, i selected rushmore, as it gave me the opportunity to work at my own pace, and on subjects that were relevant to my situation not general subjects that were part of other courses.
during the initial studies, i changed the subject of my dissertation. part of my leadership studies involved studying emotional intelligence, and the value of this in becoming a valued leader. i realized this could also be used to help understand the effects of ptsd in veterans, and how to provide moral assistance to those who suffer. as a vietnam veteran, this research has at times opened some painful buried memories, but writing my dissertation on ptsd has also been therapeutic. the encouragement and understanding of the staff at rushmore, and the patience and guidance of my advisor, professor don mitchell, have enabled me to achieve my qualification, while also helping me accept the effects of ptsd.  










georges seil, phd 

along the journey of my rushmore doctoral program i learned new ways of thinking and triggering my creativity for developing best methodologies and writing skills in the domains of my research. my supervising professor and dean of studies, alan guinn, showed me the way how to synopsize my career learnings in a way which helped me to create a personal climate of motivation to write my upcoming book. the leadership i received in my degree program was superior.
since i started my doctoral studies with rushmore, my life has changed in the moment when i realized that my actual activities in business strategy consulting should from now on be classified as part of the past and that i should take a new direction towards the future of research in energy strategy development.
today, as a new phd graduate, i already started my exciting journey with new energy projects in asia and africa and i’m grateful to rushmore for having me shown the way how to change life through new leadership development.
i believe rushmore truly represents a newer learning model; not one where you learn by rote, but where you are challenged to learn new material and apply new thinking and new knowledge in alternative ways.
                    
in this way, i would like to quote j.f. kennedy saying that: « leadership and learning are indispensable to each other »
and leonardo da vinci: « all our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions »








rushmore is recognized by employers, educators, and innovators for its high-quality online university degree programs, but our most important praise comes from our students and graduates.
read student reviews











next start date
you can apply anytime and your classes will start on the 1st of the following month



our online university degree programs start on the 1st of every month
you can register for any course during the month. your classes will start on the 1st of the month following the month of your enrolment to the course
learn about online college admissions at rushmore.










&nbps
×



rushmore university is a fully online university offering both graduate and undergraduate degrees, complying with uk national standards, as defined through chartered management institute.








apply now request info



toll free us 













 rushmore university










information & resources

home
insight
programmes
research
apply online
students
faculty
about



degrees & programs
rushmore requires you maintain a journal listing the total hours you devote to reading, writing, editing, and fulfilling the requirements of each course. your journal will list the time you read and research to prepare for developing your course papers.  it will detail the time that you devote to reading books for the course, research collateral references, writing your course paper and revising your paper in response to comments from the editor. 




rushmore university is a fully online university offering both graduate and undergraduate degrees, complying with uk national standards, as defined through chartered management institute.



© 2022 rushmore university. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
terms and conditions
site map
contact us













