








home - homer hickam, author, official site








































skip to content








menu




 

cart







homer hickamauthor, official website 







 

cart




search

home 
books 
about homer 
blog 
shop checkout 
cart 

appearances 
charities 
connect 
 


close menu



close cart

























  
 
  

 











 



 






homer’s newest book isdon’t blow yourself up!
 
this is homer’s return to the memoir, this time with tales of his life and times during the next 40 years after the era of the rocket boys of october sky.
it is not only homer’s story but that of the country and the world during these tumultous decades. from college to war-torn vietnam to deep into the ocean and on to training astronauts in japan, the united states, and russia, homer tells it all including how he came to write the classic rocket boys and worked to make the beloved film october sky.
although told with humor and wit, homer does not shy from the pain and hardship endured and the mistakes he made during the years since his life in the town he made famous—coalwood, west virginia. 

 














“just lovely. i cannot recall when i laughed out loud, and wanted to cry, and held my breath, and just thoroughly enjoyed the true story of a man’s life. homer hickam by god lived some things, across the fields of a war, under the sea, and in the clouds. he even survived richard nixon. top that.”— rick bragg, best-selling author and professor of writing, university of alabama
“in this memoir hickam takes us along on his adventures: college, a cannon, the army, vietnam, underwater exploration, nasa engineer, and best-selling writer. it’s a helluva journey, a triumph of the spirit.”— stephen coonts, best-selling author of “flight of the intruder” and “liberty’s last stand” 

 

















order don’t blow yourself up now! 

 







 





						   amazon					








 





						   books a million					




 







 





						   barnes & noble					








 





						   indiebound					




 


















books 
please note: we are inventorying to get ready for 2025! homer’s autographed books and other swag will soon be available to order. please check back! 

 














 







 







 







 



 







 







 







 







 



 







 







 







 







 



 







 







 







 







 



 







 







 







 



 












about homer 
winner of the prestigious university of alabama’s clarence cason award and the appalachian heritage writer’s award for his memoirs and fiction plus many other writing awards including an honorary doctorate of literature from marshall university, homer hickam (also known as homer h. hickam, jr.) is probably best known for his # 1 new york times best-selling memoir rocket boys which was adapted into the ever-popular movie october sky. he also has legions of fans for his “josh thurlow” historical fiction series, plus his many other books. mr. hickam, a vietnam combat veteran, has also been a coal miner, scuba instructor, engineer, and an avid amateur paleontologist.
– read more – 

 










 






 











back to top



homer hickam 












search





 







© homer hickam 2025all photos and content owned by www.homerhickam.com and cannot be used without permission
site by chromaddict studio 

















 
 



