






san diego wedding dj | hit it music productions
















































san diego wedding dj | hit it music productions



home


blog



packages
weddings
corporate services
school events
other services


video dj


testimonials


photos


make online payment



samples
audio samples
video samples



contact us
contact information
wedding vendors
driving directions
dj david cutler















home/
blog/
packages/weddingscorporate servicesschool eventsother services
video dj/
testimonials/
photos/
make online payment/
samples/audio samplesvideo samples
contact us/contact informationwedding vendorsdriving directionsdj david cutler













































san diego wedding dj
san diego wedding dj david cutler with hit it music productions. your wedding will be the best event that you will ever go to. you will have a chance to show your new spouse how much you love them, mingle with your guests and listen/ dance to all of your favorite songs! 











home/
blog/
packages/weddingscorporate servicesschool eventsother services
video dj/
testimonials/
photos/
make online payment/
samples/audio samplesvideo samples
contact us/contact informationwedding vendorsdriving directionsdj david cutler























































your best choice for a san diego wedding djonly the best for your big day!your wedding will be the best event that you will ever go to. you will have a chance to show your new spouse how much you love them, mingle with your guests and listen/ dance to all of your favorite songs!  i work closely with all of your vendors to make sure that everything on your itinerary goes off without a hitch.  more information.learn more →









    find music now
  




    login to client area
  




    login to guest requests
  

read all of our wedding disc jockey reviews at 

hit it music productionsdavid cutler is a fully licensed and insured mobile disc jockey that provides the perfect mix for all types of events. over the past 12 years, david has performed at everything from lavish wedding receptions to elementary school carnivals. david cutler has performed at celebrations with as many as 2,000 people in attendance to as little as 30 people in attendance. there is really no event that is too big, or too small for david to handle.david comes supplied with over 12,000 songs, and videos to each one of his events. he carries everything from glen miller to lady gaga. he takes great pride in the selections that he plays, and he always makes sure that they are appropriate for the occasion. david follows the guidelines that clients set for him and never plays a song that's on a do not play list.one of the main reasons that david cutler has had so much success over the years is because of the referrals that we receives on a regular basis. we invite you to take a look at the rest of the site, and please feel free to email or call with any questions. thank you!the disc jockey is a big part of your event. here is a list of some of the things that a disc jockey could do to make your special event a negative experience.show up latedress inappropriatelymispronounce you and your bridal parties namesdrink alcohol at your eventignore your play listplay all the songs you didn't want playedstart to sing your fist dance song as a surprise for youi would like to let you know that i don't do any of these things!



wedding wire rated for outstanding mobile san diego disc jockey












proud to have the weddingwire couples' choice award for another year





i am very proud to receive this praise from wedding wire as a top rated san diego wedding disc jockey. most of the time, when a vendor wins an award on a site like 10 news a list, bridal insider, or the knot, they are just winning the award because they sent out a lot of emails to clients, friends, and family to vote for them. wedding wire chooses vendors based on user feed back, and reviews. so for this, i am very proud to be a winner.



strategies for choosing the right disc jockeyyou will find several factors to consider when searching to hire a san diego wedding dj. it calls for more than just a great sales pitch and personality. many factors get into why a dj is qualified and in a position to supply a higher level of services for both you and your guest at the wedding. do they act as the m.c. as well as the disc jockey? are they familiar with lighting design and audio video technology? an excellent disc jockey possess experience, talent, professionalism and much more! selecting the best wedding disc jockey for your ceremony and reception can be accomplished a lot easier when your disc jockey is excellent in the following 5 areas: read more →















school eventsyou've never seen a dance floor like this!fun on the dance floor is why schools consistently choose dj david cutler for their san diego home comings, proms, & formals!  david has been mixing, & scratching in san diego's hottest night clubs since 2001!  he has all of the hottest new tracks, and the best remixes available.  david & his team of professionals put quantity before quality.  find out more →













corporate servicesyour employees will thank you!whether you are having a social event after a long day of seminars, an annual holiday party, or the grand opening of your new facility, events by dj david cutler can help by providing the best music, sound, & lighting possible.  david & his team can act as the dj/mc, lighting designer, or av tech at any event you can imagine.  inquire to day to see to see why our clients love us so much!learn more →





view fullsize







dj david cutler with hit it music productions





meet san diego disc jockey david cutlersince 1999 dj david cutler has been providing a soundtrack that gets thousands of people dancing at his events each year.  from a young age music has been an intricate part of david's life.  his love for music is what fuels his passion for the art of dj'ing.  from wedding receptions & corporate events, to high end night clubs downtown, david is at his best when he's rocking a dance floor.learn more →










 


 






























hit it music productions - san diego, ca    mobile san diego dj services   phone: (866) 480-4487   email: info@hititmusic.com









































 



 



