



	
    
    butoku karate - macomb





































































































































skip to main content




















log in










        0
    

checkout


there is no item in the cart


















home
            


lounge
            


contact us today
            


more​

























capture










capture



current record id

current object id








































































lil' dragons




learn more »





youth




learn more »





adults 




learn more »










    butoku karate dojo 
we pride ourselves in the fact that our academy, located in macomb twp., promotes a family environment where all our members  become part of our extended  family.
 no one here is just a number, butoku karate dojo  goes one step beyond. we promote a positive social environment, which will help to create long lasting friendships, encourage participation, and leadership in our community and in charities, as well as promote an environment of success and achievement.

our members benefit from a modern training facility, technical expertise,  and a  systematized progression, which are fun and structured training sessions.

whether you are an experienced martial artist or just beginning, our programs will cater to your needs.  we accept new students  of all ages,  from as young as 4 yrs old and up to any age.

our training is unique and will offer you many benefits!  some of them are:

• develop self-discipline and self-confidence
• learn real life and effective self defense skills
• get in shape; look & feel great!
• lose weight and live a healthier lifestyle
• relieve stress and enjoy yourself

see what we can do for you!  call us today (586) 416-3656 or fill out our form on the right and our staff will contact you! thank you! 





it's easy to get started; try out our introductory course consisting of 3 classes and a uniform for $25.00! submit the form below for more information!
















































links

lil' dragons 
children 
adults 
weapons 



contact info
address: 48884 romeo plank 
               macomb twp. mi 48044

phone: (586) 416-3656

email: bkdservices@comcast.net
follow us















testimonials
i have been training at butoku karate dojo going on 3 years now. great instructors. it is like belonging to a big family.







            powered by perfectmind business software















 version 9.2 


 live ga ( 9.2.7.0 )


 built 0 on february 14, 10:11 pm









