



abba seed




















































































































request 
                                                a  mail order catalog








. we offer a mail order service , which means you can mail your order in to us with your payment and we will u.p s. your order to you. only if your local dealer does not carry the abba products line









  e-mail your name and address  
                                                for  a  catalog











































office hours  mon. - fri 9 am to 4.30 pm  
  eastern standard time
showroom open by appointment only  

we are not open to the public
    






























abba products corp. 
38 long ave 
hillside nj 07205

























please do not call on  saturday's                phone  # 908-353-0669       fax # 908-353-2065










sorry but we can no longer ship to p.o. boxes










once your order is placed online you can not make changes or add on










due to the surcharges by ups and the rising cost of raw materials 50 lbs bags will now be 47 lbs 
                                                bags.
sorry for the inconvenient









featured seed items 



























































































featured cages
























































































































































build your own cage 













































































































































































































featured supplies




















new sta photo booth!


















mite and moth control









what do you do if you get bugs in the seed














































































































































































featured breeder supplies




















































































brand new seed catchers!























featured small animal supplies
























































































































we couldn't possibly show it all to you because abba's complete and balanced diets 
                                                consist of much, much more. we start with only the highest quality grains, and then add in the right proportions of vitamins and minerals. this method of blending is crucial so the bird's 
                                                delicate biological systems will utilize these nutrients properly.  now imagine fresh fruits, fresh vegetables, succulent meats, poultry and fish actually ground up then blended with wholesome 
                                                grains to produce our famous and unique nutritious kibble biscuit! the process is unique, the quality is overwhelming, and the results are there! 
others say it…we do it…we can prove it!












welcome to the abba products web site. our goal is to 
                                    provide you with useful information about our company,our products and the breeding of caged birds that we hope makes it easier for you to do business with us. abba 
                                    products has been serving the the pet industry community since the 50's . we specialize in bird supplies and seed. at this site, you will discover all about our 
                                    company , as well as our courteous and resourceful staff. feel free to browse around this site. if you have comments or questions about our products or services, or simply need more information and want to 
                                    contact us, click on the contact buttonon any page within this site. thanks for visiting and we look forward to serving you.
      









 you may call order in with a credit card   
$5.00  convenience charge will apply









