








troy filters | american-made air filters | pleated filters





























 


































 

solutions

ultra-pleat®
professional

hvac
hepa
paint spray booth


industrial

coolant mist collection
dust & fume extraction
power generation


engineered

equipment protection
cleanroom




applications

heating & cooling
educational institutions
gun ranges
medical buildings
pharmaceutical
microelectronics
industrial manufacturing
gas turbine
museums & archives


our work

resources
faq
case studies


about

customer testimonials


careers
contact














 








 





					providing clean air solutions for over 30 years				

troy filters is a custom manufacturer and supplier of air filters and filter media for a variety of applications. with more than three decades of experience in the filter world, we partner with companies across a multitude of industries to offer our 100% american-made filters.
contact us today























 







								professional solutions.							


hvac, hepa, and paint spray booth filters










								industrial solutions.							


cooling mist collection, dust and fume extraction, and power generation filters










								engineered solutions.							


equipment protection filters, cleanroom filters, and special projects










 












 









							solutions						

at troy filters, we carry an enormous inventory of common and uncommon filters ready for immediate shipment or delivery, and welcome the opportunity to exceed your expectations. from hepa and cleanroom filters to gas phase filtration, we have the know-how to manufacture filters that last longer and cut down on waste.
explore more





 







						applications					

our filters are found in facilities representing a broad cross-section of industries. not only are our filters trusted by companies ranging from power plants to hospitals, they also last longer, meaning those companies minimize the cost and difficulty of replacing them. industries we serve include:

heating and cooling
educational institutions
gun ranges
medical buildings
pharmaceutical
microelectronics
industrial manufacturing
power generation and gas turbine
surface finishing
museums and archives

learn more





 












						ultra-pleat®					

ultra-pleat® is our premier filter designed to significantly reduce waste, storage, and shipping. it’s compact, shipped in packaging engineered to contain more filters than most other packaging, and available in three different merv ratings: 8, 11, and 13.
more about the ultra-pleat®




 













							about us						

based in columbus, ohio, and serving customers all across the u.s. and around the world, troy filters has been bringing high-quality filtration solutions to a broad base of clients since 1993. we’re committed to improving the lives and health of everyone who spends any time at the facilities we serve with our filters and related solutions, and we do it by improving both air quality and quality of life.





						more about us					



 






					breathe clean air				

get started on your new or replacement filtration today by getting in touch with the team at troy filters.
contact us now



 









							copyright® 2025 by troy filters						







								call us
							

(614) 777-8222







								location
							

1680 westbelt dr.
columbus, oh 43228





								quick links							

solutions
applications
our work
about
careers
privacy policy
 






								contact us today							







top

