









home - westgate restaurant & lounge






























(717) 767-6614
eat@thewestgatelounge.com



facebook


 





facebook



 












home
menu
hours & map
entertainment
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 









welcome to thewestgate restaurant & lounge
(717) 767-66141550-m kenneth roadyork, pa 17404

history of westgate…. 
opened in 1985 as a franchise of another company aka subs unlimited. there were 4 original owners, 2 of them unexpectantly passed away which left 2…both the wives of the deceased. one wife bought the other wife out, which left only one, one owner, one woman, her name is diane shearer. around the same time she decided to get out of the subs unlimited franchise and it all became hers and hers alone …which is now known today as the westgate restaurant and lounge. diane along with numerous family members work, run and maintain the business. the other staff members are adopted family as many have been working for the business for years. that is what makes westgate” the home away from home” that everyone talks about. westgate also takes pride in the fact that they have customers who have been coming in for years and continue to come back, they are part of the westgate family too.
the westgate’s food menu features pizza, stromboli, subs, wings, dinners and lots, lots more! we take pride that we make our food fresh daily and every pizza, sub, burger, boli or whatever can be made to order. handmade dough and sauce is the the secret to our delicious pizza and stromboli. let’s not forget our killer wing sauce that is made from scratch and sure to please no matter how you like them!
the westgate lounge always has something going on….from trivia night, karaoke, live music, dj’s to theme parties…there’s always something going on!
check out our entertainment link for more information.







we are open! 
hours subject to change without notice!
dining room hours-
wednesday thru sunday 11am-8pm
lounge hours-
tues, weds, thurs, sun 11am-12am
friday and saturday 11am-1am
carry-out available
(717-767-6614)
check-out our menu link (please note that all prices are subject to change without notice)
we thank-you for your continued patronage and we look forward to serving you.







 
westgate is now hiring!!
full or part time positions!!
 stop by & fill out an application!!



 










facebook


© westgate restaurant & lounge.  website by flash avenue 













