
















| department of chemistry | the university of chicago




































  curious, rigorous, innovative, collaborative.




research
academics







                              
  news

                            








  stuart a. rice, uchicago professor who shaped the field of physical chemistry, 1932-2024


    
  distinguished scientist remembered for groundbreaking research, tireless teaching and mentorship

      








  laura gagliardi awarded prestigious solvay chair in chemistry









  bozhi tian discusses the future of healing on the big brains podcast






  upcoming seminars





  all events










                  
  research

                
our department fosters a vibrant research environment spanning a wide range of disciplines, from chemical biology to inorganic and physical chemistry. we emphasize both collaborative and individual discovery, driven by a commitment to innovative and groundbreaking research. students at all levels, including undergraduates, are encouraged to participate, contributing to the department's pursuit of excellence.

  research areas and resources


research
facilities















                  
  academics

                
we offer a comprehensive range of programs designed to foster a deep understanding of chemical principles and research methodologies. undergraduates can pursue a bachelor of science in chemistry, with options for specialization and advanced study through a joint bs/ms program. graduate students can earn a phd in chemistry, benefiting from a flexible curriculum that emphasizes individual growth and independent research. postdoctoral fellows have the opportunity to engage in cutting-edge research alongside renowned faculty, further advancing their expertise in specialized areas. 

  explore our academic programs


undergraduate major and research
graduate program
postdoctoral studies



  apply
 


  graduate


  postdoctoral











  faculty spotlight















about the department


                  
  message from the chair

                
from the beginning, the department has embodied the university's central mission of excellence in both research and teaching. fifteen nobel laureates in chemistry have been associated with the university of chicago.


more from chair jiwoong park









giving to chemistry
the department of chemistry continues its mission of research and education with the help of alumni and friends like you. you can be a catalyst in the process of scientific discovery by making a gift to the department.
donate










  the university of chicago


  department of chemistry
 
  searle chemistry laboratory


  5735 s ellis ave,


  chicago, il 60637



  773-702-7250




about the department


faculty


research


facilities


seminars/events


giving to chemistry


accessibility


privacy notice







facebook







twitter







linkedin







instagram







© 2024 university of chicago - all rights reserved







