





























drug policy facts | drug policy facts








      skip to main content
    















knowledge is power























main navigation


home


breaking news & opinion


chapters


regions


topics


about us


privacy






 


 
















drug policy facts

 










table of contents/chapter index
 
recently updated sections include:

alcohol
causes of death
drug policies and policy reforms
drug use prevalence and trends
harm reduction
naloxone
new/novel psychoactive substances
overdose
young people and substance use


source: "is nicotine addictive? it depends on whose criteria you use." new york times, aug. 2, 1994.

any questions? use this link to email us.

according to the us centers for disease control, using provisional data available for analysis on february 2, 2025, in calendar year 2023 at least 106,881 people in the us were reported to have died from drug overdose and toxins in the unregulated drug supply. these provisional data are incomplete and the cdc predicts that the final number of deaths in the us in calendar year 2023 due to overdose and toxins in the unregulated drug supply will be 110,037.
the cdc also reports that in the 12-month period ending september 30, 2024, at least 84,334 people in the us were reported to have died from drug overdose and a toxic unregulated drug supply. these provisional data are incomplete and the cdc predicts that the final number of deaths from overdose and toxins in the unregulated drug supply in that 12-month period will be 86,882.
the cdc further reports:

in calendar year 2022, at least 109,413 people in the us were reported to have died from drug overdose and toxins in the unregulated drug supply. the cdc predicts that the final number of overdose deaths in calendar year 2022 will be 112,582.
in calendar year 2021, at least 107,573 people in the us were reported to have died from drug overdose and toxins in the unregulated drug supply. the cdc predicts that the final number of overdose deaths in calendar year 2021 will be 110,697.

source: ahmad fb, cisewski ja, rossen lm, sutton p. provisional drug overdose death counts. centers for disease control, national center for health statistics. 2025. last accessed february 12, 2025.

since it first went online in 1998 as drug war facts, drug policy facts provides reliable information from authoritative sources, with full citations, on important issues related to drug control policies and the failed drug war. it is updated continuously by its current editor, doug mcvay.
most charts, facts and figures are from government sources, government-sponsored sources, peer reviewed journals and occasionally newspapers. in all cases the source is cited so that journalists, scholars and students can verify, check context and obtain additional information.
our mission is to offer useful facts, cited from authoritative sources, to a debate that is often characterized by myths, error, emotion and dissembling. we believe that in time an informed society will correct its errors and generate wiser policies.
drug policy facts is sponsored by the real reporting foundation. its directors are ernest drucker, ph.d., chair, robert e. field, co-chair and president, melvin r. allen, jd, david borden, balázs denés, jd, kris krane, and doug mcvay.
drug policy facts has a sister site, world health systems facts. world health systems facts follows the same approach as drug policy facts, providing excerpts of current information and statistics with complete citations and links to the source materials. fact items are meticulously sourced from impeccable sources. these include government research, peer reviewed journals, international organizations, research foundations, and more. this project is also done without bias or editorial comment.
to the extent of its copyrights, real reporting foundation authorizes and encourages the use and republication of some or all portions of this book. questions, comments or suggestions for additions and modifications are most welcome and may be addressed to doug mcvay at dmcvay@drugwarfacts.org.

list of chapters.

"a critical resource for anyone seeking accurate information on drug policy... essential!" — maia szalavitz, award-winning journalist and author of the ny times bestseller "unbroken brain: a revolutionary new way of understanding addiction"
"drug war facts is one of the most valuable sources of information about drugs anywhere in the world. it's a must-read." — johann hari, author of the ny times bestseller "chasing the scream: the first and last days of the war on drugs"
"incredible resource for preparing for debates, writing op-eds, and fact checking. meticulously sourced." — sanho tree, fellow at the institute for policy studies and director of its drug policy project
"i want you to know that when we're not producing hempfest, we are reading drug war facts, one of the best compilations of data and raw information to fight the power that exists." — vivian mcpeak, executive director, seattle hempfest
"drug war facts offers a treasure trove for serious seekers of useful facts and sources about all sides of the drug war." — clarence page, syndicated columnist, chicago tribune

most recent updates february 12, 2025 by doug mcvay, editor.






share





















chapters


aids and hiv 


addiction and dependence


adolescents and substance use


alcohol


amphetamine-type stimulants


arrests and law enforcement


buprenorphine


cannabis


capital punishment


causes of death


cbd (cannabidiol)


chronic pain


civil rights


cocaine and crack


corruption


crime


dark web drug markets and cryptomarkets


death penalty


demand reduction


diversion of prescription drugs


driving and substance use


drug and alcohol use testing overview


drug checking services / drug checking for contaminants


drug consumption rooms


drug courts


drug policies and policy reform


drug use estimates: prevalence and trends


drug use testing related to employment


drug use testing related to schools


drugs and prison


drugs and the carceral system


economics


ecstasy (mdma)


entheogens and psychedelics


environment


families


fentanyl


forfeiture


gateway hypothesis


harm reduction


harm reduction service programs


hemp


hepatitis c


heroin


heroin treatment


hiv and people who inject drugs


hiv, race, and injection drug use


human enhancement drugs


ibogaine


image and performance enhancing drugs (ipeds)


interdiction


international


jails


ketamine


kratom


mandatory minimums


marijuana


marijuana policy


mdma (ecstasy


medical marijuana


medications for opioid use disorder


mental health and substance use


mental health medications


methadone


methamphetamine


militarization


mushrooms (psilocybin)


naloxone


needle exchange


new psychoactive substances


netherlands vs us


nicotine products


nitazenes


overdose


overdose crisis


overdose prevention


pain management


people who inject drugs (pwid)


performance and image enhancing drugs (pieds)


pregnancy


prevalence of substance use


prevention


prisons, jails, probation, and parole


prisons and drug offenders


psilocybin


race and prisons


recovery


safe consumption sites


safe supply / safer supply programs


safer smoking / safer smoking kits


steroids


supply reduction


substance use disorders


supervised consumption sites


syringe exchange


syringe service programs


tobacco


treatment


vivitrol (naltrexone)


women


xylazine


young people and substance use




topics


demand reduction


harm reduction


special populations


special topics


substances


supply reduction




regions outside u.s.


australia


austria


belgium


canada


central asia and eastern europe


colombia


denmark


european union


france


germany


greece


hungary


ireland


mexico


netherlands


norway


portugal


russia


scotland


spain


sweden


switzerland


ukraine


united kingdom




 









copyright © 1998-2025 real reporting foundation













 











