














vivid pods: garden pods, garden studio and garden office pods









































































 



































home
about
garden pods
faq
projects
blog
contact
i want one!
















vivid pods 
							looking for a bespoke garden office pod? 
							are delighted to present our custom-built outdoor studios that can transform your property and give you the space you need to thrive.  
							
see the garden pods 
							 












nationwide availability
vivid pods install garden rooms, studios and offices nationwide across the whole of the uk. we have designed, built and installed a diverse range of contemporary garden studios, multi-purpose summer houses and unique pods for both residential and commercial use.









practical and eye catchy
our beautifully finished bespoke studios will be the main attraction of your garden. and with more and more people working from home, a garden studio is the ideal place to be productive in a tranquil environment, leaving that daily commute behind like a distant memory.









free consultation
don't hesitate to call! we offer free consultation, so whether you'd like to learn more about our garden rooms or to discuss your specific requirements in more detail, feel free to get in touch with us today. let's setup a visit and you'll also get the site survey free of charge.









priced to fit all budgets
we are fully transparent regarding all prices, so that you'll know exactly how much it costs and avoid unexpected fees. feel free to check our garden pods range, the faq, or simply to call us for any information regarding costs, payment terms and planning requirements.









quality craftsmanship
created with amazing craftsmanship, quality materials and innovative design, your garden studio will be tailored to your needs and built with you in mind. vivid pods are built to modern house building standards so you can enjoy your garden room safe in the knowledge that it’s built to last.









10 year guarantee
vivid pods come with a 10-year structural guarantee and a 20 year epdm guarantee. our specified screw pile foundations come with a 25 year product warranty. our windows and doors come with a 10 year product guarantee against discolouration, warping and cracking.


 




innovative design whether you need somewhere to study, a place to concentrate when working from home or you simply want to relax and unwind in your own private space, our studios are the perfect solution. created with quality craftsmanship and innovative design, your garden studio will be tailored to your needs and built with you in mind. 




make working from home your new normal at vivid pods, we don’t just give you a space to work. we ensure you have a fully functional garden office pod that serves as a base for you to build your career or launch a business. with a team of highly experienced in-house installers, we handle everything from the ground up. 




add value to your home built in accordance with all regulations and fitted with seamless electrical power, you can enjoy bespoke lighting options, high-speed internet and even air conditioning in your newly installed garden office. and if you ever consider selling your property, you’ll be surprised at the difference a garden studio will make to the sales process. 






 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





our customers recommend us



 




we are delighted with our garden office! we should have done it years ago, we are already making a huge saving on our fuel and previous office space costs. vivid pods workers on site were polite, flexible and had very good attention to detail, nothing was to much trouble. 5* service… well done!


                        	alex and sam, bristol                        







working from home had been on my mind for a while. i have been using it as my office and we also set up a small home gym, the family use it all the time. we cancelled our gym memberships and my commute to work is now 20 seconds instead of 1hr each way.


                        	pete and clare, oxford                        







i cannot recommend vivid pods highly enough!!! on day one they were onsite at 7.15am raring to go and pretty much worked flatout the whole time they were on site lovely well mannered workers who did a fantastic job. they came up with some great ideas on the spot and i absolutely love our new garden studio!


                        	amanda, taunton                        







warm, modern, perfect!
i decided to go with the southville eco pod as a garden retreat/home spa and somewhere to practice my yoga. such a relaxing space and has changed my way of live. thank you, vivid pods!


                        	alexandra, bath                        







here's how the process looks like







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 


































contact us today



with headquarters in bristol and an in-house team operating on a nationwide basis, there are no restrictions when it comes to installing vivid pods. simply tell us what you need from your home office or tell us how you envisage your perfect outdoor studio and we’ll do the rest.




see all garden studios range







 creating bespoke garden offices to meet your needs, vivid pods are delighted to present our custom-built outdoor studios. giving you a practical and pragmatic place to work from home, a unique garden studio can transform your property and give you the space you need to thrive.

— with headquarters in bristol and an in-house team operating on a nationwide basis, there are no restrictions when it comes to installing vivid pods. simply tell us what you need from your home office or tell us how you envisage your perfect outdoor studio and we’ll do the rest.
— to learn more about us or to discuss your requirements in more detail, please get in touch with us today.

contact us
address:unit 9, short way, thornbury, bristol bs35 3ut
phone:+44 117 422 6020
email:enquiries@outside-rooms.co.uk
web:www.outside-rooms.co.uk








						© copyright 2021 vivid pods • designed by digital shadow • optimised by mojoseo.                     
					


































































order your pod!


please fill in the order form below and we’ll reply to setup a free site survey as soon as you’d like.





 




































→ garden pod rangesouthville eco podredcliffe studiocotham studioredland studioclifton studio



→ pod size2m x 3m3m x 3m3m x 4m3m x 5m4m x 5m6m x 4m6.5m x 4.5m










are you visiting us as a business owner? yesno


would you be interested in paying monthly for your pod? yesno





δ





			×			











































