




 



 innovate to motivate®








































 










contact us
cart







 












faculty insights
events

i2m community quarterly september 21, 2023
[past] research.influence.lead. 2019
[past] lunch with author colin woodard
[past] research.influence.lead. 2018
[past] i2m conference 2017


about

i2m leadership
testimonials
past participating organizations
community resources
















i2m is a cae approved provider. our programs meet the requirements for fulfilling the professional development requirements to earn or maintain the certified association executive credential. every program that we offer which qualifies for cae credit will clearly identify the number of cae credits granted for full participation, and we will maintain records of your participation in accord with cae policies. for more information about the cae credential or approved provider program, please visit www.asaecenter.org/cae.

the i2m story
innovate to motivate® (i2m) was the first conference of its kind developed especially for veteran political involvement professionals. it was created in 2002 from the requests of experienced grassroots and pac professionals who wanted more than a “show and tell” conference format. a hallmark of i2m is content determined by an advisory committee of pac, grassroots and lobbying professionals. i2m caters to government relations professionals who are intellectually curious, regardless of their tenure in the profession. many wear multiple “hats” in their organizations, and are responsible for several government relations disciplines, or they supervise a multi-disciplinary staff. they know how to do their jobs, so the curriculum focuses on “next level” best practices that are evidence-based.
after conducting the conference for 17 years, i2m co-founder amy showalter took a break from in-person meetings due to the covid pandemic to reassess the i2m learning experience. she has changed the game and is now conducting i2m “turbocharge” sessions, also known as the “i2m community quarterly” (i2m cq) with interactive learning experiences that are currently offered at no charge in a 2 hour format in washington, d.c. previous i2m cq topics are here.
how to join the i2m community quarterly
however, the i2m community quarterly (i2m cq) isn’t publicly advertised. many i2m “refugees” attend this, and if you have a growth and learning mindset, you are welcome and encouraged to attend. you just need to let amy know if you want to attend. if you want to receive notice of the upcoming i2m community quarterly meetings, just send us an email at info@showaltergroup.com and we will add you to the list.
what do our i2m community quarterly participants have to say about the experience?
“i always feel the discussion flows very easily. there’s great energy in the room, and it’s a good use of my time.”
sharon sussin, senior national political director, nfib
“thinking through the real value of influence – what amy shared, as well as giving us time to assess our own influence attraction factors was very valuable. hearing from others as well as thenetworking is awesome.”
laura henry, political director, national sand, stone & gravel association
“the group discussion, as always, is the most valuable! also, the opportunity to assess myself and talk with others about what i learned and hear their experiences. i think this is a great balance of conversation and learning.”
katharine emerson, chief of staff, world food program usa.
 
innovate to motivate® conferences and town halls are co-founded and produced by:

follow her on twitter — @amyshowalter






   



conference landing slide 1




   



conference landing slide 1-2014




   



conference landing slide 2




   



conference landing slide 2-2014




   



conference landing slide 3




   



conference landing slide 3-2014




   



conference landing slide 4




   



conference landing slide 4-2014




   



conference landing slide 5-2014














   



[past] lunch with author colin woodard








 









contact us innovate to motivate®
maximizing the potential of political involvement professionals
4030 smith road
suite 200
cincinnati, oh 45209
phone: 513-762-7668 

follow us

rss
twitter
linkedin

members onlyusername or emailpassword forgot?  register






 			copyright © 2023 the showalter group, inc. all rights reserved.










 




 

















