




welcome to my leaderboard golf club and game managment system


















my leaderboard



home
features
pricing
contact


register
log in








welcome to myleaderboard
myleaderboard is a golf management system for professional golf clubs, social golf clubs, corporate golfing groups, friends and individuals.























                            member management
                        

manage your club members and their access to club game information.
create placeholder members for people who don't want access to the myleaderboard system.
link system users to club memberships.
send membership invitations.
promote membership to your club by allowing membership requests that are forwarded to you club's' email address.






                            integrated game and scoring system
                        


                                create games of varying types, including:- match play, stroke play, stableford and ambrose.
                            
manage players and use scorecards specifically designed for each game type.
automatically apply an appropriately calculated daily handicap value, on a per hole or per game basis.
players can add their own score through the web based scorecard interface or download the appropriate app and load the scores during the round.






                            built in handicapping system
                        

built in handicapping system based on the latest world handicap system.
handicaps can be calcuated for a single individual, across a group of freinds or across the entire club.





learn more...

















          
            this website uses cookies that are essential for it's correct operation and for error analysis.
            accept






home

features

pricing

contact



privacy policy

terms and conditions

login

register



a sim touch technology application

phone: +61 2 6696 3048

website: www.simtouch.com.au


                        abn: 56 516 747 833
                    




find us at






© 2025 - sim touch technology









