



	hire la summer application









 login




employer
hire
sponsor
get ready for a job
ewdd







accepting applications for
hire la
apply now →















looking for a job?

                                        apply to hire la’s youth 
                                        
                                        employment program
                                    
apply here →









view/edit application

                                        view or edit your hire la’s youth
                                        application
                                    
login →









program eligibility

                                        eligibility checklist and contact information
                                    
view →










youth programs


hire la

                                hire la focuses on preparing young adults for the 21st century workforce. it is designed to provide a starter job for youth ages ages 14-24. hire la is funded by multiple sources and used to provide work experience, as well as work skills development, financial literacy, career coaching and mentoring, and career exposure. hire la programming provides youth with the preparedness needed to enter the workforce and sets them on a path of becoming lifetime earners.
                            


angeleno corps

                                angeleno corps is a 10-month program that provides 18- to 30-year-olds with the opportunity to gain work experience through service learning, pursue their education, and receive a $1,000 monthly stipend. 350 participants complete their service at a community-based organization in one of six areas: education and child care; health, climate, and environmental justice; immigration assistance; nutrition and food justice; technology and digital assistance; and housing rights advocacy. 50+ community-based organizations will host corps members and provide direct work experience and supervision at their worksites. angeleno corps members must also be enrolled full-time in a post-secondary program. each participant receives individualized mentorship, professional development training, and wraparound services from the city’s youthsource centers. 
                                
partners: mayor’s office [lead agency], city of los angeles youthsource centers, 50+ community based organizations
focus area: public service





student to student

                                the student to student success program offers compensation, skills training, and career exploration to 400 high school students who provide academic support to younger students in their household or at a nearby elementary school. developed during the covid-19 pandemic, s2s aims to support learning and academic achievement in high-need households and underserved communities, while simultaneously connecting youth tutors with paid work experience. the youth tutors can work up to a maximum of 140 hours at $17.27/hour, entailing 20 hours of job skills and professional development training and up to 120 hours of direct academic support over one semester. each s2s tutor will work directly with at least one younger student living in the same household after school and/or on weekends, or will work in-person at a nearby elementary school supporting afterschool programs.
                                
 partners: mayor’s office [lead agency], los angeles unified school district, city of los angeles youthsource centers, la’s best
focus area: education





la:rise youth academy

                                the los angeles regional initiative for social enterprise (la:rise) youth academy is a 250-hour work experience program focused on improvising housing, education, and employment outcomes for unhoused or housing-insecure angelenos between the ages of 18-30. through the youth academy, every participant will be linked to housing, education, employment, and social well-being services to move them into a future of self-sufficiency and economic mobility. one hundred and twenty-five (150) participants will have the opportunity to earn $17.27 an hour (up to $4,195 over the six-month program), via transitional employment at participating social enterprises. placement sites include retail, social services, afterschool programs, facilities maintenance, information technology, education, entertainment, and the culinary field.
                                
 partners: economic and workforce development department (lead agency), roberts enterprise development fund (redf), city of los angeles youthsource centers, los angeles lgbt center, goodwill industries, coalition for responsible community development (crcd)
focus area: other - housing security





city pathways

                                the l.a. city pathways program is an internship program designed to provide 50 college students with invaluable exposure to a wide range of career opportunities available in the city of los angeles. participants not only earn a competitive wage of $17.27, but also have the privilege of working closely with experienced city employees who serve as their mentors. this immersive program provides students with up to 850 paid work hours to support the operations of various departments through administration, project management, community engagement, and communications. past placements sites have included the mayor’s office, economic and workforce development department, board of public works, public library, city attorney’s office, and information and technology agency.  
                                
partners: mayor’s office [lead agency], los angeles community college district, city of los angeles youthsource centers, various l.a. city and l.a. county departments, local colleges and universities 
focus area: public service





city pathways for youth

                                the city pathways for youth program provides 75 young people between the ages of 16-30 years old with the opportunity to learn about careers in the city of los angeles’ recreation and parks department. interns are placed at recreation centers and park sites across the city, working alongside recreational and maintenance professionals to create a welcoming environment for the local community. they receive hands-on training and supervision to support afterschool programs, sports/recreation programs, and other community engagement activities. participants earn $17.27 an hour and can work up to 750 hours under a flexible, part-time schedule. the program also serves as an entryway into city employment for youth interested in public service. 
                                
 partners: recreation and parks department [lead agency], los angeles unified school district
focus area: public service





l.a. river rangers

                                l.a. river rangers provides a 12-month, full-time work opportunity to 50 young angelenos with an interest in cleaning, beautifying, and maintaining public areas along the los angeles river. angelenos between the ages of 18-26 are eligible to participate and earn $18 an hour. multiple work crews are assigned to conduct critical maintenance and operation services for a specific stretch of the la river’s public spaces, in addition to facilities management and community engagement. each participant will work alongside a supervisor to carry out various maintenance needs such as native plant care, pavement and path care, and removal of trash and other nuisances. at the conclusion of their time with the program, participants can access employment opportunities with agencies that maintain the la river. 
                                
partners: board of public works [lead agency], los angeles conservation corps
focus area: climate





clean l.a.

                                clean l.a. is a 12-month, full-time employment program for 50 young adults between the ages of 18-30 to help clean and green the city of los angeles as a pathway to a full-time career. the program focuses on employing job-seeking angelenos to perform community beautification and street clean-up services in areas of the city with the greatest need. work responsibilities include, but are not limited to: weed abatement, cleaning/removing loose litter, and clearing bulky items from the public right-of-way. participants earn a wage of $18 an hour with benefits as full-time employees. past program graduates have been successfully hired as maintenance laborers with the city’s bureau of sanitation and bureau of street services as a pathway to city employment.
                                 
partners: board of public works [lead agency], economic and workforce development department, city of los angeles youthsource centers, coalition for responsible community development, koreatown youth and community center, new directions for youth, northeast graffiti busters
focus area: climate





summer night lights

                                the summer night lights expansion program will hire 80 young people ages 16-24 to coordinate activities at 11 city parks and recreation centers with extended hours to provide youth and families with fun gathering spaces during the summer months. the program aims to provide a safe, welcoming environment in neighborhoods impacted by gang-related violence through extended recreation programming, meals, community activities, employment opportunities, and other resources. snl interns live within the surrounding community and work with city employees to create programming that addresses the needs and interests of local residents. participants work 16-40 hours a week, for up to 560 hours total, and earn the city’s minimum wage of $18.00 an hour.
                                 
partners: mayor's office/gang reduction and youth development (gryd) [lead agency], recreation and parks department [lead agency], housing authority of the city of los angeles
focus area: public service





youth & community harvest internship program

                                the youth & community harvest program offers work experience and professional development to youth and young adults, ages 16 to 30, who are passionate about addressing the issue of food insecurity. this program provides a bi-weekly stipend of $480 for a maximum of 200 hours of internship service with community-based organizations that lead urban farms, community gardens, and farmers markets in under-resourced neighborhoods. a total of 42 participants will explore career pathways in urban farming, nutrition, and sustainability while gaining exposure to the principles of food waste diversion, composting, and community engagement.
                                
 partners: mayor’s office [lead agency], el proyecto del barrio, goodwill industries, brotherhood crusade, watts labor community action committee 
focus area: food insecurity





early childhood education student advancement project

                                the early childhood education student advancement program is an internship and mentorship program for students enrolled in a post-secondary educational institution majoring in the child development (or closely related) field. two hundred (200) students between the ages of 18-30 will receive training in child behavior and psychology, communication, and problem-solving, along with one-on-one mentorship support and leadership development. participants will be paid a wage of $17.27 per hour over a combined total average of 130 hours of paid work experience and training/mentorship. students can also participate in the ece co-generational connection program (ece-ccpro) that connects them with mentors using a sesame street-inspired curriculum. students working with infants and toddlers receive a financial award of $750, while those working with preschoolers will receive $500.
                                
partners: mayor’s office [lead agency], los angeles community college district, los angeles unified school district, city of los angeles youthsource centers, first 5 la, child development consortium of los angeles, california children’s academy, pathways la, sesame workshop alumni network 
focus area: education





teen parent prosper project

                                the teen parent prosper program provides part-time employment to 25 pregnant or parenting teens (ages 16-19), combining work experience through the city’s youthsource centers and wraparound services through the city’s familysource centers. participants will receive paid work experience and enhancement services for 600 hours of job training and work experience). participants will be paid the city minimum wage of $17.27 an hour and will be offered a variety of youth service corps internships, including but not limited to customer service at the familysource centers. supportive services include child care assistance to support employment, financial literacy education, and parenting and child development workshops. the program also leverages existing city-funded programming that connects young parents to educational opportunities, such as earning a high school diploma or enrolling in college or a certificate program. 
                                
partners: community investment for families department [lead agency], city of los angeles familysource centers, city of los angeles youthsource centers
focus area:  other - parenting youth





l.a. community composting and food recovery

                                designed as part of sb 1383, l.a. community composting and food recovery is a 800-hour job program that will hire angelenos between 18-26 years old to maintain community composting sites and gardens, manage surplus food and food scraps, and prevent edible food from becoming waste. participants are paid $17.50 an hour and trained in compost and soil management, native plants and species, osha 10, cpr/first aid, and other job readiness skills. work crews support local food banks and food suppliers to deliver edible food to households facing food insecurity, diverting thousands of pounds of food waste from landfills as a result. this program provides hands-on skills development in an outdoor setting and offers opportunities to gain career certifications in the sustainability/green jobs sector.
                                



digital ambassadors

                                digital ambassadors are hacla resident leaders between the ages of 18-30 who support their communities in addressing the digital divide. 42 participants are paid $20.00 an hour to assist low-income and senior households with acquiring low-cost internet or digital devices and navigating online resources such as virtual learning, employment opportunities, and telehealth services. digital ambassadors complete a minimum of 120 hours training and 280 hours of work experience over six months, and lead ambassadors will have the opportunity to work part-time (500+ hours) for a full year. they are trained on community outreach and customer service before being deployed to develop group and individual engagements for hacla residents and local small businesses. 
                                
partners: housing authority of the city of los angeles [lead agency], city of los angeles department of aging, fcc affordable connectivity program, vermont slauson cdc, legacy la 
focus area: other - digital access





certified peer specialist demonstration project

                                participants are trained to provide peer mental health support through the city’s youthsource center system. training is on a state-certified curriculum in preparation for entry into medical reimbursable career pathway.
                                



small business corp

                                a collaborative effort between the city’s youthsource center and businesssource center systems that provides la community college district students with internships in their field of study while supporting small business owners with marketing, accounting, and related business support.
                                



student engagement, exploration, and development in stem (seeds)

                                a public-private partnership between city departments and the university of southern california that employs low-income stem students from local colleges to provide mentorship support, academic assistance, and hands-on enrichment activities at the usc campus, and remotely, to underserved elementary school students.
                                












youth
a job is key in helping young people ages 14 to 30 learn about the workplace, find a mentor and enter a path to meaningful and lifelong employment.  hire la’s youth is an investment that pays off in lives today and holds the promise of a brighter future for our city and the entire region.
apply here →








employers
shape the future: one opportunity leads to infinite possibilities
our youth need jobs!
for employers, there are three ways to participate:

youth candidate is matched to your company
hire a youth directly
sponsor a youth

hire or sponsor →














meet the mayor

                                “young people are our present and our future and i believe in investing in their futures. providing youth with paid work opportunities to thrive and grow professionally will have a lasting impact for generations to come.”
                            
- mayor karen bass
know more →








recently hired
we were given the opportunity to learn, earn, grow and contribute.  are you next?
get hired →




board of public works (bpw)
clean l.a.
name: christian diaz

                                        christian decided to join the clean la program because he was interested in the future opportunities that the program provided. christian felt that by participating in the program, he was giving back to the community and helping to sustain the environment at the same time. as a result of participating in this program, he developed valuable skills, such as gaining responsibility and punctuality. through the clean la program’s career pathway opportunity, christian was hired by the city of los angeles' bureau of sanitation in september 2024 and is currently working as a maintenance laborer - vocational worker.
                                    


board of public works (bpw)
clean l.a.
name: avery marie ruiz rodriguez

                                        avery joined the clean la program because she was in need of employment. as a result, she acquired the ability to work with people of different personalities and follow simple instructions. the program gave her a new level of confidence needed for her everyday life. being in the program encouraged her to become a better version of herself. through the clean la program’s career pathway opportunity, avery was hired by the city of los angeles' bureau of sanitation in july 2024 and is currently working as a maintenance laborer - vocational worker.
                                    


board of public works (bpw)
l.a. community composting
name: cris marroquin

                                       cris marroquin-farm manager for expo minifarm: "i'm delighted to report the incredible enthusiasm and engagement of the compost crew. based on the feedback from the group, it is evident that they are thoroughly enjoying their participation in farm activities. they have shown an interest in understanding the application of the compost they are producing and how their efforts can contribute to enhancing the farm's overall environment and productivity."
                                    


board of public works (bpw)
l.a. river rangers
name: jennifer valenzuela

                                       jennifer decided to join the l.a. river rangers program because she was in need of employment. her involvement in the program has given her a sense of pride in the work she performs, and this has inspired her to take her son near recreation areas along the l.a. river. she appreciates the fact that the program has taken her on educational field trips to learn about the history of the los angeles river. the most rewarding aspect of jennifer's job is giving back to her community and beautifying the environment. during jennifer's time in the program, she has been able to obtain her drivers license, receive her high school diploma, and has been employed as a driver for the program. due to her participation in the program, she has developed a sense of responsibility and motivation, and for this reason, she is excited about future opportunities. currently, jennifer works as a driver for the program and has also enrolled in los angeles pierce college.
                                    


economic & workforce development program (ewdd)
l.a. river rangers
name: brian pham

                                       brian joined the river rangers program because he became interested in the learning opportunities that the program offers. as a result of participating in the program, he developed valuable knowledge and skills, such as the ability to work collaboratively with others. as part of the program, brian enjoys that they have been taken on excursions to increase their knowledge of the la river and different plant species. the working environment and friendships that brian has formed along the way are also valuable to him. he has gained a corps member driver promotion with the la corps and is now actively taking on more leadership responsibilities.
                                    


economic & workforce development program (ewdd)
la:rise youth academy
name: luis

                                       "before la:rise, i was experiencing housing instability and was moving from shelter to shelter. one of the shelters i stayed at, jovenes, referred me to the la:rise program and encouraged me to enroll. i had wanted to find a job training program - and la:rise provided that for me. i was extremely excited about the classes that were offered, like the life skill academy and nrf training. i appreciated the support, both motivational and in soft and hard skills, that i received from the social enterprise and worksource center staff. i developed skills in communication, teamwork, completing tasks in order of importance, as well as retail training that i’ve been able to utilize in this role daily. i am most proud of graduating the la:rise program! i’m grateful to have been given a second chance to get back to work so i can support my family. when i think of the future, i get excited about having a career and fulfilling my goals of becoming a car and homeowner."
                                    


economic & workforce development program (ewdd)
la:rise youth academy
name: joshua

                                       (crcd enterprises) joshua was an active gang member, and after 14 years of incarceration he did not know what he was going to do after his release. through la:rise, he received osha 10 certification and also went through crcd enterprises' (crcd) job engagement training and is now able to work in construction. "the work experience i received as an la:rise participant has provided me with an income to support my family, and i was able to pay back-rent and avoid becoming homeless. it has provided me with a safe place to ask for help and support.
                                    

                                        i meet others on the street who told me about the la:rise program through crcd enterprises. they told me to meet with sal ybarra, the employee support coordinator, at crcd. he was very relatable and made it comfortable for me to tell my story. he not only provided the information for la rise, but he also provided the guidance necessary to keep me on track."
                                    

                                        the work joshua did as an la:rise participant provided him a way to stay in his neighborhood and contribute to the broader community. "i love working with the people and the staff at crcd. i have learned that regardless of your past, you do have an opportunity to start fresh and contribute to society and make it a better place." he highlighted a proud moment in the la:rise program was when a local business highlighted his work to their company.
                                    

                                        when thinking about the future, joshua said he was most excited about having the opportunity to work for the city of los angeles and to be able to take care of his family. his message for others? "i want them to know that it is possible to be successful while having legal barriers."
                                    


housing authority of the city of los angeles (hacla)
digital ambassadors program
name: edgar olguin

                                       "being a digital ambassador through hacla has offered me great opportunities in assisting community based events. my team and i, guided by licia villalta, were given the opportunity to attend the “smart city show case” hosted by the city of los angeles at city hall. this was a unique and eye-opening experience being in the presence of city leaders and technological innovators. this experience served as a great motivator for my peers and i, my first time stepping into a city hall technology based conference and networking with leaders from my community. 
                                    

                                       i am eager to continue assisting community events to develop my professional networking skills. through the mentorship of licia villalta and funding for our program i am able to receive paid working hours and exposure to different job opportunities. programs such as the ‘digital ambassador’ are critical in our low income communities, it is essential to stay informed on the changes and decisions that affect us directly."
                                    


housing authority of the city of los angeles (hacla)
digital ambassadors program
name: cody brown

                                       from omaira jesus, vermont-slauson economic development corporation: cody brown embarked on the digital ambassador (da) program at our vsedc site in the third week of december, recognizing the need to catch up with his peers. cody openly shared that it had been a considerable period since he immersed himself in a learning environment, making his initial experiences challenging. however, with supportive guidance from both our team and fellow das, he swiftly overcame these obstacles. in the past month and a half, tangible evidence of cody's growth, heightened confidence, increased self-awareness, and enhanced sense of accountability have become apparent. 
                                    

                                       his commitment to consistently attending, actively participating, and acknowledging areas for improvement underscores the positive impact the digital ambassadors program has had on him.
                                    


❮
❯








economic & workforce development department

                                building a flourishing business economy and jobs market, to make the city of la a
                                fulfilling place to live today and for generations to come.
                            























employer
hire
sponsor
get ready for a job
ewdd




face book
twitter
linkedin
instragram
you tube






find a service center

youthsource centers
worksource centers
businesssource centers



contact

1200 west 7th street
                    los angeles ca 90017
+1 213 744 7300711 for telecommunication relay services




















© 2022, community software solutions
                            
                                all rights reserved. ver 1.1








