



  

ausgamers news - ausgamers.com

























        we have detected that you do not currently have javascript enabled.
        ausgamers requires that you enable javascript to use this site correctly.
    











ausgamers


news

reviews

features

esports

downloads

forums



















 sign in
        



 register
        


 ausgamers
» news






 
so long and thanks for all the clicks!
ausgamers editors to move onto new challenges while the site itself is put out to earned pasture...









                    the first trailer for grand theft auto 6 is finally here.                 


grand theft auto 6 trailer





                    we take an in-depth look at avatar: frontiers of pandora and tell you why it should be heavily on your radar!                


avatar: frontiers of pandora - a deep-dive into its potential





                    range-wise, the rog rapture gt6 is phenomenal, and it's ideal for all gaming and non-gaming-related tasks.                


asus rog rapture gt6 wifi 6 mesh system review








feature
starfield review... in progress











latest news
so long and thanks for all the clicks

        by steve farrelly on 12:49pm 15/11/23 - 66 comments







        that time has come. for anyone still checking back in hope that ausgamers would start posting regularly again, given we’ve been sporadic and largely dormant these past six or so weeks, we can now reveal that both kosta and i, the site’s long-time co-managing editors, have made the decision to move on to something new, while mammoth media has decided to put the site out to pasture.  read more


checking out the coolest pc gaming hardware at pax australia 2023

        by kostaandreadis on 07:14pm 09/10/23 - 0 comments







        at pax this year, in between checking out indie games and lining up to take shots with mario and sonic, we went on the hunt for the coolest pc gear at the show. from the holy grail of geforce rtx 4090s to a very cool cult of the lamb pc and cooler master's giant sneaker pc concept.  read more


aussie energy drink v changes its flavour for the first time in 26 years

        by kostaandreadis on 03:51pm 15/09/23 - 1 comment







        
if you're a local, you'll no doubt be aware of the homegrown v energy drink, with its bright green cans - and liquid that looks like a long-lost nuka cola quantum flavour from fallout.        read more


baby steps from ape out creators is exactly the sort of irreverent comedy experience gamers need

        by steve farrelly on 11:03am 15/09/23 - 0 comments







        the so-called 'walking simulator' is about to meet its parody moment, and it couldn't come at a better time. baby steps, from the creators of ape out and getting over it, is a physics-based adventure(?) title that simply tasks you with moving your 'life-got-the-better-of-me' avatar, nate, by being in control of his legs. and while that might sound easy enough, as you can see from today's state of play trailer, it's anything but.  read more


the crew motorfest is now available, play for free for 5 hours

        by steve farrelly on 09:51am 14/09/23 - 0 comments







ubisoft ivory tower's open-world racer, the crew motorfest, is now out in the digital hawaiian wild. the game, which has been earnestly compared to the forza horizon series takes the open-world concept in the racing space a bit further, adding sea and air to the mix for a truly transformative experience in a lush world full of opportunity.  read more


starfield smashes through skyrim's steam record for concurrent players

        by kostaandreadis on 08:44am 14/09/23 - 1 comment







starfield recorded a peak player count (via steam charts) of 330,723 galactic explorers this past weekend, smashing through the concurrent peak player record for skyrim set back in 2011. skyrim's peak player count at launch on steam was around 287,411. what makes this an even more impressive feat is that this doesn't include xbox game pass players on pc - which will be another sizable chunk of spacefarers.   read more


pax aus' probable final details... probably

        by steve farrelly on 06:13pm 13/09/23 - 0 comments







        if we've learnt one or a few things about trade shows and fan events in gaming post-pandemic, it's that anything and everything can change at the last minute.  still, the pax aus team has sent through its updated release on everything to expect at the event, with nintendo to have a particularly large presence, which is a new tilt for the big n even.  read more


watch this - 17 minutes of glorious race action in forza motorsport

        by steve farrelly on 04:15pm 12/09/23 - 0 comments







turn 10 has definitely become the premiere racing game studio. and while all of its peers and some of the og are nipping at its heels, you get the sense that turn 10 is max verstappen with everyone else just playing catch up, including its own teammate in playground (definitely perez in this silly analogy). ahem. forza motorsport, a seminal reboot of the series for the developer is just around the corner, and the studio has been kind enough to share a full 17 minutes of jaw-dropping gameplay. check it out after the jump.  read more


watch this - 7 minutes of puppetastic gameplay from lies of p

        by steve farrelly on 02:08pm 05/09/23 - 0 comments







        in case you haven't been across it, lies of p is a unique souls-like set in a twisted world where murderous puppets roam the streets of the fictional city of krat and where you, p, also a puppet, must fight to stop this seemingly ridiculous-yet-still-terrifying nightmare from continuing. oh, and it's based loosely on pinocchio, just for good measure.  read more


starfield - here's some 4k ultrawide footage of our solar system in the year 2330

        by kostaandreadis on 09:24am 01/09/23 - 0 comments







starfield is huge, and even though only 10% of the game's 1,000 planets to explore are not classed as 'barren,' there's just something about landing on a desolate rock or mass and walking around. very early on, the game lets you fully explore the sol system - and that's what i did, checking out the harsh conditions on mercury, venus, mars, and earth.  read more


starfield review... in progress

        by kostaandreadis on 02:00am 01/09/23 - 0 comments







        after several years of development, bethesda's next major rpg - its first original ip in generations - is finally here. with all of the hype surrounding starfield's release on xbox series x|s and pc - even though bethesda offered a sizable lead time, we're not quite ready to offer a final verdict. in fact, we're far from it. starfield is huge.  read more


bethesda's starfield launch event in syndey sounds out of this world

        by kostaandreadis on 10:40am 31/08/23 - 0 comments







        to celebrate the launch of starfield on september 6, bethesda is holding a very special starfield launch experience that is set to transform the overseas passenger terminal in circular quay. bethesda notes that fans and attendees will experience various themed immersive activities, custom lighting installations, cosplayers, and more.  read more


in an effort to work through the activision blizzard acquisition microsoft has teamed with ubisoft for cloud streaming

        by steve farrelly on 09:28am 23/08/23 - 0 comments







        one of the key factors holding up the completion of the acquisition of activision blizzard by microsoft has been sony's concern that exclusive use of microsoft's cloud gaming service would create an unfair environment for playstation players when it came to games like call of duty.  overnght, however, microsoft and ubisoft revealed a partnership to have key activision blizzard titles streaming through ubisoft's own cloud and streaming services, effectively adding a neutral party to balance sony's concerns around fairness.  read more


red dead redemption is coming to nintendo switch and ps4 next week!

        by kostaandreadis on 04:34pm 08/08/23 - 0 comments







        although many fans, including us, were expecting a full-on remaster for the original red dead redemption (2010) from rockstar games - it turns out that what was happening behind the scenes was a port of the previous ps3 and xbox 360-only game to modern consoles the playstation 4 and nintendo switch. the sad news, still no pc.  read more


check out the impressive launch trailer for atomic heart's first dlc, annihilation instict

        by steve farrelly on 01:07pm 03/08/23 - 0 comments







        but also take that impressiveness with a grain of salt, as we all know how he base game definitely overpromised while underdelivering, in robotic spades. still, what's in today's launch trailer (the new content is available now) looks mighty impressive and definitely worth at least checking out for its art-direction and space theme alone.  read more


watch this - atlas fallen is all about combat, magic and surfing

        by steve farrelly on 12:11pm 03/08/23 - 0 comments







        yes, surfing.  as more and more games look to traversal as their differentiator, we're seeing a lot of unique methods of transport come to the design fore, and in atlas fallen, an action-rpg from focus entertainment and developer deck13 this comes by way of surfing across the game's sand-covered fantasty world.  read more


wargaming turns 25 today, enjoy a handful of celebratory promotions

        by steve farrelly on 11:28am 03/08/23 - 0 comments







wargaming seemed to come out of absolutely nowhere doing its own thing and getting rich while doing it. starting in 1998 and making its mark with the flagship world of tanks franchise, the developer-publisher has since released more than 20 titles across all major platforms and shows no signs of slowing as we mark 25 years of outlier business and unique gameplay and service offerings.  read more


allegedly nintendo's next-gen console could drop in the second half of 2024

        by steve farrelly on 02:35pm 01/08/23 - 0 comments







        this is all speculative information across most of the internet at the moment, but vgc cites numerous sources from within the development community who already allegedly have dev kits for a new nintendo console.  read more


another awesome sim is now available on steam - brewpub simulator

        by steve farrelly on 02:36pm 24/07/23 - 0 comments







        and its premise is exactly as its title suggests (bless the simple sim world). in brewpub simulator you're in charge of taking over your pop's rundown old dive with the aim to turn it into the best damn pub in town. and as a university dropout, you kind of have no excuse. just can't get enough of these games and their setups and structures.  read more


seagate's firecuda series just got a lot faster with the 540 pcie gen5 nvme ssd, now available in anz

        by steve farrelly on 02:18pm 24/07/23 - 0 comments







seagate's firecuda storage solutions for pc have always been at the fore of that market. and today the company announced that the firecuda 540 pcie gen5 nvme ssd is available now in australia and new zealand and represents the biggest leap forward in performance for that series yet.  read more

 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 ... 49 50 







follow us
















brought to you by







checkout binary lane







 latest reviews
 








asus rog rapture gt6 wifi 6 mesh system








diablo iv








frostpunk: the board game








wacom cintiq pro 27



more... 





advertisement





 






 news feed
 







killzone: shadow fall revealed as next-gen title for playstation 4







so long and thanks for all the clicks







the crew motorfest is now available, play for free for 5 hours







watch this - 7 minutes of puppetastic gameplay from lies of p







checking out the coolest pc gaming hardware at pax australia 2023


 





 latest threads
 







happy new year

spook 14 days ago






merry christmas and don't forget the winter event is now live in age of empires online for the next 5 weeks!

sean 2 months ago







gaming journalism is at a nadir, 3pb is ... what exactly?

steve farrelly 5 months ago






blink if you're in trouble

plok 6 months ago







is ausgamers dead?

steve farrelly year year ago









log in







user:  
pass:  




create account | lost your password?









 


features






checking out the coolest pc gaming hardware at pax australia 2023









starfield - review in progress








why you should look at avatar: frontiers of pandora with eyes wide open








geforce rtx 4060 preview - cyberpunk 2077, dlss 3, and incredible ray-traced visuals





reviews






asus rog rapture gt6 wifi 6 mesh system









diablo iv








frostpunk: the board game








wacom cintiq pro 27










content
news
reviews
features
downloads




forums
forums
general chat
games discussion
movies, tv and music
hardware




server rentals
rent a server
help & faqs
community forum
contact support




social
facebook
twitter
google+
rss feed





about us
staff
contact us
advertise with us
privacy policy



            © 2001-2025 ausgamers™ pty ltd
            
            acn 093 772 242
        















