ï»¿royal park hotel | hotels in rochester, mi near detroit & auburn hillsskip to content   offers gallery page reservations×make a reservationhave a question? 248-652-2600   arrive ) depart  adults  children  book now   toggle navigation    menu accommodationsdinepark 600special eventsin-room carryoutgatherevent promotionsmeetings & groupsweddings & social eventssocial request informationcorporate request informationamenitiesconciergebike rentalpet friendlyevent calendarexplorelocal experiencesdowntown rochestermap & directionst. 800-339-2761 located in hip and historicaldowntown rochester, michiganreservationsarrive ) depart  adults  children  book now   modern luxury meets english manor charm near detroit, mi royal park hotelstep into royal park hotel and let us treat you to a personalized experience that ensures extraordinary memories for years to come. find yourself in the heart of hip & historic downtown rochester, michigan, and explore all the city has to offer while just minutes away from auburn hills and detroit. merging european charm with contemporary comfort, our boutique hotel evokes the feel of an elegant english manor home.whether you plan to visit us for vacation, business, or anything in between, royal park hotel has something for everyone. royal grand suite1 or 2 bedroom1,190 sq. ft.4 guestsbalconieskitchenparlor areaoverlooking paint creek from three private balconies, this 1,190-square-foot suite features a lovely parlor and dining area, a gas fireplace, full kitchen, powder room, and soaking tub. select from one- or two-bedroom options.highland suiteking bed1,100 sq. ft.2 guestskitchenparlor areaa warming natural light brings the outdoors in, in our elegant 1,100-square-foot suite with views of paint creek. all the luxuries of home are yours including a parlor, full kitchen, dining area, powder room, and soaking tub.park suiteking bed760 sq. ft.2 guestskitchenetteparlor areafireplaceour park suite is a sophisticated 760-square-foot space available as a one- or two-bedroom option and offers a kitchenette, gas fireplace, parlor-seating area, and soaking tub. an accessible version of this suite is also obtainable.cottage suiteking bed648 sq. ft.2 guestsparlor areaour cottage suite is a spacious yet quaint 648-square-foot guest room with views of downtown rochester's unique belgian glass conservatory. special features include parlor seating for two and a soaking or japanese soaking tub, perfect for a quiet weekend away.junior suiteking bed634 sq. ft.2 guestsbalconyparlor areaenjoy the quiet in the quaint parlor area of this spacious 634-square-foot suite. the balcony overlooking paint creek and the japanese soaking tub are perfect for relaxing after a long day. connect to our royal grand suite for a two-bedroom option.grand luxuryking bed680 sq. ft.2 guestsmake your entrance in our grand luxury guest room through a grandiose hall. this 680-square-foot luxurious corner room overlooks paint creek and features a four-poster california king bed and a window alcove with two oversized chairs.executive king terraceking bed380 sq. ft.2 gueststerracetake in the view of the historic belgian glass conservatory from your private interior terrace in this 380-square-foot room appointed with a well-dressed california king bed and a spacious work desk. luxury king terraceking bed480 sq. ft.2 gueststerraceindulge in this luxury king terrace room with 480 sq. ft. of space and a private walkout terrace overlooking paint creek. fresh air, sunshine, a california king bed, and a marble bath with molton brown bath amenities ensure a pleasant stay.luxury double2 queen beds480 sq. ft.4 guestspamper yourself in this luxury double guest room with space for four guests, two queen beds, fluffy robes, and extra luxury touches. there's room to roam in this 480-square-foot space with a seating area and complimentary wi-fi.luxury kingking bed480 sq. ft.2 guestsviews of paint creek or the belgian glass conservatory come with this spacious 480 square-foot-guest room for two. a plush california king bed and a cozy seating area offer comfort and luxury. accessible rooms available.executive kingking bed380 sq. ft.2 guestsrich cherrywood furnishings accent this spacious 380-square-foot room featuring a plush california king bed with crisp linens and an elegant marble bath.executive double2 queen beds380 sq. ft.4 guestsfour guests cohabit comfortably in our executive double with two queen beds, an elegant italian marble bathroom, and a large work desk with complimentary wireless high-speed internet access. all rooms    book now   gather learn more links to page about content gather dinegather at park 600 restaurant to savor fresh, locally sourced ingredients, european flavors, craft cocktails, and desserts. the menu is complemented by an extensive selection of local and international beers, wines, and spirits, including our exclusive maker’s mark private select bourbon.learn morelocal getawaysescape, recharge, and take advantage of our exciting room offers!learn moreabout us every day luxury links to page about content about us experience amenities links to page about content experience gallery learn more links to page about content gallery specials sign upenter your email address for information about our excellent deals and packages.  sign up i agree to receive emails from royal park hotel see what we're up togreat things are happening at royal park hotel every day. check out our instagram page to learn more!   link for column1 contactfaqscareerspressdonation requestsgift cardscovid-19party policyprivacy policycookie policyterms of useaccessibilitysitemap  royal park hotel facebook    royal park hotel instagram    connectcollapse panelsign up & stay curiousbe the first to receive updatesthank you for signing up {!firstname}!we are excited that you want to know a little more about what is happening at royal park hotel. we just want you to know how it is that we use your information.  your personal data will only be used to send you emails from royal park hotel letting you know what is new and upcoming.  should you have any questions for us, we hope that you will reach out and let us know!  royal park hotel  600 e university dr rochester, mi 48307 united states    phone:  248-652-2600    toll free:  800-339-2761    restaurant:  248-453-8732 hotel website designbyvizergyroyal park hotel. all rights reserved. call us location book now  scroll to top  