


auburn university portal | home




























skip to main content
























toggle navigation








home


search jobs


job alerts


log in /create account


help




about auburn university


benefits


compensation (non-faculty)


office of the provost


executive searches








effective october 1, 2024, non-faculty pay ranges will be updated to align with auburn's fiscal year. please note that the new ranges will reflect a slight increase.




non-faculty positions

faculty positions

student positions

temporary positions














about non-faculty employment













about faculty employment















 about student employment













 about temporary employment










pay transparency nondiscrimination provision
the contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. however, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.




aa/eeo 
auburn university is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. it is our policy to provide equal employment and education opportunities for all individuals without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable law.
the office of affirmative action/equal employment opportunity (aa/eeo) strives to ensure an inclusive and equitable working, living, and learning environment for members of the auburn university community. please visit their website  to learn more.
 










campus safety & security
for information on the the annual security and fire safety report and clery compliance, please visit the campus safety and security website.

legal notifications




important details
please note: you must submit your application for each position for which you would like to be considered for by the closing date given on the posting. all applications must be submitted electronically by 11:59 pm (central time) on the closing date indicated. employment with auburn university is contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background check to ensure a safe learning and work environment for our students, staff, and faculty. individuals with disabilities seeking reasonable accommodations during the application and interview process, should contact the office of aa/eeo at 334-844-4794. please visit their website  to learn more.












contact us about non-faculty positions:
working@auburn.edu
contact us about faculty positions:
facultypositions@auburn.edu
back to top


    
    
 














      to ensure the security of your data, you will be logged out due to inactivity in 3 minutes at
.
      any data not saved will be lost.
      click 'ok' to keep your session active.
    





