
website creation digital marketing tacoma puyallup olympia
we xprovide pr & marketing on social media
you don't have to do any postings.
we build a foundation with search engine optimization
the right keywords and great content are unbeatable!
we stress your service and location
your website needs a winning combination - us and your business.
it's pretty simple - no targeted traffic/no sales
we want you to succeed.

website design & development tacoma | business directories | 
facebook postingsfaqs | landing pages | online digital monthly marketing | mediareputation management | private area websites | translate/traducir
253-759-6639
video production services and more digital marketing

generally, if your website shows up near the top of page one in organic searches, you have a good website. if your website doesn't show up on google it's a bad website. however, there are better ways to compete and bring traffic to your website. at publicdoman we build websites based on a simple foundation. many webmasters promise first page results, but the only way they can deliver that is by paying for each and every individual click to your website via google adwords. and guess who they charge? you! our
 clients enjoy constant traffic, but it's not overnight, but it is continuous. we build new websites and re-build old websites, and often build multiple websites for our clients. we can get you on the road to success with a simple, yet effective website for only $600.00 (up to four or five pages) and we'll include your domain name and one year's free hosting.  

our website customers are never left to struggle on their own. we like to build new targeted websites. if you don't have a website, we'll build you one and provide a second website aimed at the key words that echo your product or service. the more internet doorways into your website, the more effective your stream of possible clients will be. 

for example, if you have a business aimed at transmission repair and don't have a website, we'll build a transmission repair website targeting your service about transmission repair. however, you might have additional services. if so, we would build a website aimed at those sevices. this would give you two internet doorways where you could invite new clients in.

we have written three successful books about business: video prduction for business, being and milled aged entrepreneur, and market research made easy.

marketing special pricing deals

marketing special five
$500 down and zero a month, for twelve months.
we create a domain and a one page website. we post on facebook about your business and give you plenty of mention on our i-5 business news websites . . . at no charge. we provide details about how many visitors you had for each month and a running total for the year.

marketing special
$600 down and $200 a month, for twelve months, with the first monthly billing not until march - 2023.

1. purchase and construct a website for your business. we would purchase the website domain for you, but you could transfer it at any time.
2. create a feeder site to expand your business while we work together. a feeder site in designed to build more traffic to your main website.  
3. design a modest business sales video for your business and upload to youtube.
4. place your sales video on three of our websites.
5. post information about your business on many of our local marketing sources. 

basically we target the i-5 corridor from portland to bellingham. check out the reach for our clients.

a sampling of available local websites we own for your commercial internet postings:
bellevue business today - 5,705 visitors in 2021
bremerton business today - 7,770 visitors in 2021
eating out tacoma - 5664 visitors in 2021
everett business today - 9,099 visitors in 2021
jblm today - 3,798 visitors in 2021
nw adventures - 16,164 visitors in 2021
nw one and only - 10,282 visitors in 2021
olympia business today - 7,906 visitors in 2021
public doman - 14,599 visitors in 2021
puyallup business today - 9,015 visitors in 2021
seattle theatre directory - 8,162 visitors in 2021
tacoma business today - 5,403 visitors in 2021
tacoma theatre directory - 6,034 visitors in 2021
western washington today - 7,354 visitors in 2021

p.s. we also have dozens of sites across the u.s. for posting.

please, call margaret at 253-759-6639 and leave information, or, send email details to trainingmedia@yahoo.com


if you have a website you are happy with, but just isn't bringing you visitors or sales; we have ways to help. we can create a sales video for you, adjust the background codes or we can build you a special landing page as part of our monthly marketing "pathways" package.

we deliver constant marketing "pathways"! - your biggest bang for the buck

we have written a book on market research book that was translated into three languages including chinese. we love to work with small business operations. we can handle your website marketing while you do your job. we have had three books published by self-counsel press, which prints books for small business. the other two books were about video production for business, and entrepreneurism.




"stars are what light the pathway to your dreams."

our constant marketing "pathways" is ideal for local businesses here in the south sound area. our theory is that the more paths there are to your website, the more successful your business will be. 

we also write articles about business quoting our clients if it seems appropriate in the suburban times, which can reach up to 90,000 readers via sharing and postings. we target and repost our articles to help our clients.

you'll get a free professional video for as long as you are our client that catches the eye and sells your product or service like the one below for two tone powersports of spanaway.

don't have a website? we can build you one at a very reasonable price.

don't know social media? we can help. we control over two hundred facebook pages, so spreading the word about your business is easy for us. we also belong to over fifty private groups where we can share your services.




the introductory offer includes posting the video to at least 20 local facebook pages that fit your product or service.

please, email with questions and your needs: trainingmedia@yahoo.com
publicdoman.com - published authors on video production for business, entrepreneurship, and market research.



the above illustration is an actual posting for furnace doctors for their landing/feeder page.



the above illustration is an actual posting for the chinese reconciliation park foundation annual dinner.


if you are interested, we should talk. please, give us a call (253-759-6639) and give us your website domain name if you have one, so we can compare your descriptions and keywords with your competition, so we can one-up them on google as we map our your new monthly marketing campaign.

here are some examples of our website work:
circle b ranch is a family run operation providing registered labrador retrievers and olde english bulldogges to individuals and families. each month we deliver over 5,000 visitors to this client.
live2agewell is a site we developed for the roman meal company. this site is well beyond the normal small business website. we wrote over one hundred professional and vetted articles and pages to share information on healthy aging.
gpa valuation is a commercial real estate appraisal firm located in university place, but serving washington state.
titan lawncare - was built over one weekend using a few details from another website that the webmaster had been left unfinished for over a year. owner manuel sarabia is extremely happy with the site. it has been bringing him new customers every month.

although based in tacoma, washington we have clients in alaska, british columbia, indiana, kentucky, tennessee, texas, and across washgington. we would love to help you with a successful website.





imagine having a sales program working for you . . . 24 hours a day!!!




for more information call 2537596639


suggestions for a successful website

having the right keywords                                 
having a large enough audience for sales and repeat sales
be found where people expect you to be                               
be found where people didn't expect to find you                            
have testimonials of happy customers  
                            email: trainingmedia@yahoo.com
                      
                        >
website creation digital marketing tacoma puyallup olympia, website creation and marketing tacoma puyallup olympia, webmaster tacoma puyallup olympia, website building tacom puyallup lakewood, digital marketing tacoma, digital marketing lakewood, digital marketing puyallup, website creation and marketing tacoma puyallup olympia wa washington.

