


cape cod homes for sale - buyer brokers of cape cod, sandwich ma


























our mobile site is optimized for smaller screens.
try it
no thanks



logo



 774-994-1900

 log in | sign up


 my account




 email us


 follow us




 visit our blog


mobile site


home
our services
search by town
barnstable
sandwich
falmouth
yarmouth
dennis


luxury homes
resources
towns
market stats
barnstable county registry of deeds
cape cod chamber of commerce


contact us








find your cape cod home--searchmore search options



welcome to buyer brokers of cape cod, mckenna associatesbuying a house is probably the biggest purchase you’ll ever make. you want to know without a doubt that your real estate agent has your interests and only your interests at heart.
at buyer brokers of cape cod – mckenna associates, our focus is unwavering; to find the right property and negotiate the best possible price and terms for our clients. no one in this office works on behalf of sellers.  we act in the best interest of our clients at all times.
why work with us
our style is high on advising; we’ll take the time to learn what’s important to you as you search for a cape cod home and thoroughly search all available inventories including properties not currently on the market.  once a property has been identified, we’ll research its history, provide an opinion of value, advise you on the negative as well as positive aspects of the property, structure an offer with your interests in mind, attend the home inspection and recommend further negotiation when appropriate.  we’ll even try to talk you out of a purchase if we don’t think it’s a good investment.
this process takes extra time but it’s worth it.  the end results are satisfied clients who tell us time and again how much they appreciate our service.  that’s something to feel great about.
we have been successfully representing cape cod home buyers on an exclusive basis since 1989; put our experience to work for you. contact an agent today.
 
search cape cod real estate listings  |  contact an agent
 

 
cape cod searchessingle family homesbarnstablebournebrewstercentervillecotuitchathamdenniseasthamfalmouthharwichhyannisportmashpeenew seaburyorleansostervilleprovincetownsandwichtrurowellfleet yarmouthwaterfront homeshyannisportnew seaburybarnstablebournebrewstercentervillechathamcotuitdenniseasthamfalmouthharwichmashpeeorleansosterville provincetownsandwichtrurowellfleetyarmouthview allsign up
find your way
sign up for new listings notifications.
log in • sign uptestimonials“now that i am a ‘washashore’, i want to express my sincerest thanks to you for your time, expertise and most of all your personal support on my behalf.”    	 mike a.open houses
time to take a look
browse the open house schedule today.
viewblog
stay current
read about local area info.
view


 



 




buyer brokers of cape cod, mckenna associates

phone: 774-994-1900 | emckenna@buyerbrokers.com | 116 route 6a sandwich, ma 02563 | privacy policy

vt real estate web design

        
                        buyer brokers of cape cod
                     |  116 route 6a , sandwich, ma 02563
phone: 774-994-1900  | email: emckenna@buyerbrokers.com
vt real estate web design
 



