



muscle shoals city schools / homepage















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

muscle shoals high school
muscle shoals career academy
muscle shoals middle school
mcbride elementary school
highland park elementary school
webster elementary school
howell graves preschool
mscs coronavirus information






sign in


search our site
















home


about us
"



accreditation
board of education
demographics
district personnel
history of mscs
vision/mission/beliefs
strategic plan
superintendent
our city



documents
"



arp/esser application
bids
cte offerings
federal programs
financial
flyers - peachjar
policies
student achievement
salary schedules
school safety
school calendar



departments
"



athletics
child nutrition program
counseling
curriculum and instruction
english learners (el)
community education
finance
school health
section 504
special education
technology
transportation



resources
"
mscs app


broadband connectivity
bullying prevention
community resources
education foundation
employee resources
employment resources
mental health resources
online payments
parent resources
student resources
title ix
curriculum



tip line
"




calendar








i'm looking for...
























                                muscle shoals city schools
                            

                                dedicated to excellence in education
                            





district home



translate



staff login












































find it fast









upcoming events



there are no upcoming events to display.

view calendar

















mscs headlines




























welcome to our updated website































quick links






public records request



comments (-1)







covid19/return to instruction plan



comments (-1)




















items to note











presenting myschoolbucks and myschoolapps

beginning july 1, 2020, mscs cafeterias will use two new online services for cafeteria payments and meal assistance applications.  

comments (-1)












fill out your free and reduced meal application online!

for spanish & other translations -  go to "languages" on myschoolapps home page

comments (-1)












safeplace shelters are open

safeplace shelters are open for victims of domestic violence during covid-19. follow this link for details.

comments (-1)












msef yard sign fundraiser

the foundation board would like to request your help in showing mscs educators just how much they are appreciated. you can do so by recognizing an employee with a personal tribute and a yard sign that will be placed at their home.   to participate, please review the following information.

comments (-1)












click here to donate to stratford auditorium at muscle shoals high school



comments (-1)












annual public notice of cte offerings 

please click this link to view our annual public notice of career technical educational opportunities for students attending the muscle shoals career academy

comments (-1)












muscle shoals city schools preschool program



comments (-1)












district wide calendar

we now have the ability to provide a district wide calendar showing all events at all schools or collection of schools you would like to see.  directions on how to view this combined calendar are here and can be viewed on a phone, computer, or tablet.

comments (-1)
























stay connected


tweets by mscstrojans 
















download our mobile app





download the free mscs district app







view news stories
view calendar info
view sports scores
access school and staff info
receive important alerts
pay fees and meal balances
view lunch menus




































enrollment information



expand all




new nonresident application process for the 2024-2025 school year

the new nonresident application process will be completed through an online google form. this application is for students that do not live in the muscle shoals school district and are not currently enrolled in the muscle shoals school system but would like to be considered for the 2024-2025 school year. the process will begin on monday, april 1st. we will post a google form on the district website at 8:00 am. we will then forward the applications to the appropriate principal to continue the application process.  the questions on the application ask for basic information for the student. tuition for the 2024-2025 school year is $750 for one student and $1250 for two or more students in a family. when we post the form that morning, we will include information about the next steps in the process. if you have questions, please email dr. dennis conner at dconner@mscs.k12.al.us (go ahead and put this on the website now)





mscs non-resident policy

nonresident policy





new student nonresident application for kindergarten through 12th grade - 2024-2025

this application is for students that do not live in the muscle shoals school district and are not currently enrolled in the muscle shoals school system but would like to be considered for the 2024-2025 school year.  please use the google form link below to complete an application.  once the applications are completed, we will send them to the appropriate school principal for consideration.  we ask that you do not contact a school or principal about the application process.  you will receive further information and instructions by email soon (there is a question asking for your email on the form). we will be working through the nonresident application process as soon as we can in order to make the decisions. the muscle shoals city school system greatly appreciates your interest and consideration.  
-click here for the nonresident application form-





next steps after completing the new nonresident application for the 2024-2025 school year


applications will be sent to principals for processing when requested.
the principals will interview/assess applicants based on established criteria and space available per grade level. 
the principals have autonomy to accept or deny nonresident status.
applications may not be considered until the summer months.
please do not contact school personnel about this process.  direct questions to dr. dennis conner at 256-389-2695.






in disctrict students only - 2024-2025 kindergarten registration

the links below are not for out-of-district students.

kindergarten registration click here - english version
kindergarten registration click here - spanish version 







need to enroll a new student??

click this link for instructions.





intent to return current non-residents

intent to return form for current nonresidents 2024-2025
this form is only for returning students who are already enrolled in the muscle shoals school district with nonresident status.  form link


























visit us

3200 s wilson dam road
muscle shoals, al 35661

phone: 256-389-2600
fax: 256-389-2605








site map
back to top
configurable footer link
configurable footer link
configurable footer link





connect with us:



















the muscle shoals city board of education does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, or age in its programs and activities and provides equal access to the boy scouts and other designated youth groups.






















questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















