

















orange county head start - child care #home page - orange county head start - child care






























































main
parent
vendor
staff













 
(714) 241-8920
info@ochsinc.org







homeabout us

about usannual reportsaudit reportsboard of directors

join our board! 
galleryparent testimonialsprimary community partnersour program goals and objectives
programs

early head start – 0-3head start – 3-5in-home programprenatal servicescomprehensive support services
find a centerwork here

why work with uscareersjoin our board!
contact 
















welcome to orange county head start! we're dedicated to nurturing young minds with excellent early education and award-winning services for the whole family. 
							giving your child a strong start!  
							contact us 
							apply now 
							 


we are hiring 
							do you want to make a lasting impact on the lives of young children and families in orange county? if so, we encourage you to join our team at ochs! 
							see job openings 
							 


















free for qualifying families
our programs are free to qualifying families. contact us to learn more.





programs for ages 0-5
we offer programs for pregnant women, children 0-3 and 3-5. 





credentialed teachers
our teachers are all college educated, credentialed to work in california.





comprehensive support services
we offer a whole range of services for the family.

















about us our mission at ochs
as a 501(c)(3) non-profit agency established in 1979, orange county head start (ochs) partners with the united states department of health and human services to deliver vital head start and early head start programs. we are committed to ensuring that all children, regardless of their circumstances, have the opportunity to thrive. each year, we serve over 1,100 pregnant mothers, infants, toddlers, and preschoolers, along with their families. our services extend to those facing a variety of challenges, including families with children who are:
-homeless
-in foster care
-facing challenges with disabilities
-receiving public assistance
-living at or below the poverty line
at orange county head start, we believe every child deserves a bright future.
 learn more 










our programs
what services can you expect?
our programs are free for families who qualify (we are funded by the federal government). we provide over $25,000 worth of education, health screening, nutrition, family support, and training services per child and family each year.








early head start – 0-3










head start – 3-5










in-home program










prenatal services










comprehensive support services













our impact by the numbers





















































































1686
head start





696
early head start





420363 
meals served





204459 
free diapers distributed





211
children with disabilities served











application process
it’s easy to start the application process online!

once you fill out our application form, you will need to upload:




01





your child’s official birth certificate





02





proof of income





03





proof of identified disability for child (if applicable)





04





your child’s official immunization record




 apply
 aplicar








parent testimonials
what parents say about orange county head start, inc.






stephanie ha parent and policy council representative
i am very grateful for the relationships i’ve built and all that i’ve learned as a parent in ochs. from the bottom of my heart, thank you to ochs for all you’ve done for me, my children, and continue to do for our community.







thanh lind parent and policy council representative
i am extremely grateful to have found this program for my kids and myself. my boys are now thriving at the top of their class in elementary school.







amber robins parent and policy council representative
ochs is providing an opportunity to keep families thriving, at school, at home, and at work. knowing my little guy is safe with the teachers and staff who love him.







dayna everon policy council treasurer and  policy council director
i am grateful for the hs program, and continue to share information with other families that i know.







nalleli garrido head start parent
i began volunteering, despite being so busy, i was able to learn about more ways to help, voice new ideas, and take on a leadership role.




 read more






latest blog
latest news






open house events!
join us for a fun-filled open house at orange county head start! 📅 friday, march 28, 2025 ⏰ 2:00 pm – 5:00 pm 📍...






open house events!
join us for a fun-filled open house...




 read all











take a look at what is happening!
gallery





 






 






 






 




 view all









orange county head start, inc. was established in 1979 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) agency. orange county head start, inc. is funded by the united states department of health and human services to provide head start and early head start services throughout all of orange county, ca.

address :  2501 s. pullman street, suite 100, santa ana, ca 92705
email :  info@ochsinc.org
phone :  (714) 241-8920





















hours of operation

main office hours
m-f: 8:00am – 5:00pm
center hours
m-f: hours vary by location






quick linksabout us
find a center
careers
contact
 



quick linksmain
parents
vendors
staff
 





copyright © 2024-2025 orange county head start.  all rights reserved. | privacy policy & disclaimer



















translate »



















open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








 