



currency grading & authentication







 



home
about cga
services & fees
submission form
population report
faqs
gallery






 

 more information

- services & fees
- submission form
- preparing your notes for submission
- grading information
- grading guarantee
- verification tool
- what we grade
- our new holders
- limits of liabilities



contact us

mailing address:
                            cga
                            
                            p.o box 793
                            shelter island hts, ny 11965
                        

email address:
cganotes@yahoo.com


phone number:
                            (631)836-6819
                             call between 9am and 5pmeastern standard time.
                        

fax number:
                            (631)909-4902
                        





welcome to cga
currency grading and authentication (cga), the country's first paper money grading service, was formed in 1998 in response to a high demand from collectors and dealers for an impartial third party grading service. we are dedicated to serving the needs of the paper money collectibles industry.

our goal is to tailor our services to the demands of the market, to educate the public about this exciting collectibles field and enable dealers to reach out to collectors who otherwise would have trepidation in purchasing uncertified bank notes...
more about us
why submit to cga?
along with being the first currency grading service, cga offers the fastest and
most accurate currency grading available today, **guaranteed**.
you don't have to be a special dealer or club member to submit your notes to cga. we don't follow the philosophy of charging you for the right to submit notes to us.
you will get your submission back in a timely fashion and by the time frame listed at your submission level. if in the event your order is delayed for more than 7 business days, cga will refund your return s/h paid with the submission.
mission statement
to provide our customers with accurately graded notes, to deliver those notes in the timeframes promised by us and paid for by our customers. to try to educate the new collector to avoid the pitfalls of buying uncertified currency. we are a family owned business and have been since 1998. we have no alliances with the auction houses that could in any way be considered a conflict of interest. we are truly independently owned and operated. thank you for your business.




currency grading & authentication
copyright © 2012




