






airgunology and the scientist







airgun selection, history, collecting, 
  hunting and field use, ballistics, literature review, legal aspects, 
  collection protection, and expert witness cv. antique, vintage, and rare air 
  guns, parts, publications, books, and related items wanted and for sale. 
  airgun moderators. beeman history and art. identification of the lewis & clark air rifle. 
  development of the american adult airgun market.
the
  beemans' private website
("airgunology and the scientist")
(for fastest navigation, click on index 
  titles below:)


our personal logo; adapted from a 16th 
  century japanese woodcut in the beeman collection
 welcome
  to our website
 see update 
  dates on individual sections.
  be sure to  see the updated material in the what's new section.
overseas readers: 
	can't find the latest blue book of airguns locally?? 
this huge book 
	basically is not  a price guide; anyone interested in airguns really 
	should have this big 504 page guide to virtually all the world's airguns. shipment to 
	international customers takes only a few days with an air shipment. for 
	rates please ask and mention your local postal zone code, if any. . (u.s. shipments 
	only $3.95). use www.paypal.com  
	(takes only minutes to sign up) to make a quick, easy payment by credit card 
	or bank account transfer without  
	currency exchange concerns! see the sale and wanted section of this website.  
	
the fastest,  
  easiest way to navigate 
this website is to scroll down to the table of 
  contents
  lower on this page and just click on any desired title. this 
  table of contents will also give you an instant overview.  or just click on the navigation bars above which will take you to other 
  navigation bars. and jump to items of interest by just clicking on text which 
  is printed in 

blue.


please note:  this 
  is a large and wide-ranging website, but basically it is an informational and 
  educational website. although we do have a good number of things for sale, 
  from classical arts and crafts to airgun literature, airguns, and expert 
  witness services - we do not now have a store or a staff. as noted in the "very 
  personal note" section of this website, 
  robert and toshiko beeman sold beeman precision airguns inc. on april 1, 1993. we 
  are now in semi-retirement. we do not have any 
	firearms for sale. please 
  double click on this: " a 
  very personal note",
notice: we are always 
interested in buying old and antique airguns: one, a few, or collections of any 
size!!
 - and we need copies of old airgun magazines and magazine articles to aid in robert's research 
efforts as senior author of the blue book of airgun series (see our
what's new section)
a most interesting trip!.
  mrs. beeman and i were in a unique position during the growth of the adult
  airgun field in america. we were privileged to be deeply involved witnesses
  and participants virtually from the birth of this field to its present
  widespread popularity.  we have greatly enjoyed our decades of
  involvement with the international scene of airguns and are happy and proud to
  share our knowledge of the airgun market and field, the beeman
  company's
  history, biographical information, and some of what we have learned about
  airguns. 
there is a new addition to 
	this website's sections which have been reporting on our three decade search 
	for the lewis and clark airgun.  recently discovered  evidence 
	seems to finally identify the .46 caliber repeating airgun - a true "assault rifle" - carried by

captains lewis and clark 
in 1803-06 on america's 
	most important military expedition.
many technical and popular 
  articles by
  robert beeman are difficult to locate or access. some of robert beeman's 
  output as an "airgunologist", such as the article on the field use of an 
  airgun, which may have been considered "politically incorrect", are absent 
  from the more recent beeman catalogs. hopefully, this website can make some 
  such material more readily available and perhaps even to add to
  it. we also wish to share some information about the beeman airgun collection 
  (our private collection) and hope that readers will enjoy this material as 
  well as perhaps helping us to better understand some of the vintage and 
  antique airguns in that collection. for
  those who are seeking the paid services of an airgun consultant or an 
  airgun
  expert witness, a formal curriculum vitae is provided. 

without apology, this 
	website is a personal potpourri.  we have been including material on our 
  history,  airgun 
  history, airgun collecting, legal aspects of airguns, airgun literature, 
  airgun parts, airgun design and development, ongoing 
	reports on the lewis and clark airgun, etc.  the beemans 
  pages reveal information about the beemans themselves and their lives outside 
  the airgun field. and, in the miscellaneous section you even will  
  find information about cleaning air guns with genetically modified bacteria, a 
  eulogy to our favorite dogs (and news of 
   
  new pups), and 
  our own travel guide to nürnberg and southern 
  germany. at various
  times, we will be offering a few to many 
	vintage and antique airguns, airgun items, and airgun literature for sale. and, sometimes
  we'll share news about our current activities. 
  be especially sure to get some rare inside views from these three 
  papers:    a 
  very personal note, 
  the beemans section and  the "about 
  beeman" note in tom gaylord's introduction to the odyssey to the beeman r1 
  section. some rare gems of some of the humorous side of airgun marketing are 
  revealed in a shot of humor.
this website probably 
  always will be in a state of change and development. thus, although you will 
  find a large amount of finished material, you also will find some sections that need additional editing, 
  additional material, and more illustrations. we are now semi-retired, so the 
  website will be updated or edited
  at very irregular intervals. this especially will  be true of our 
  sales
  lists and "what's new" sections. 
  and we may be gone, even out of the country, at various times. be sure to check back every so
  often! and don't forget: we are always looking for specimens to add to the
  beeman airgun collection. we wish to buy single specimens of vintage and 
  antique airguns and old bb guns to entire  airgun collections- see the airguns wanted section. we hope that you enjoy our first 
  attempt at putting some material on the world wide web!




robert and toshiko beeman at "stonehenge", a favorite rock 
outcropping on their california ranch.
(click on the picture to enlarge it and be very sure to see
a very personal note on the 
personal note and disclaimer page.)
 this 
website was created with microsoft frontpage 2002 and is best viewed with 
microsoft 
internet explorer.  

some images may not be visible if viewed with other programs.
website created and maintained by robert beeman.
table of 
contents
click on any blue 
underlined title to jump to the indicated section. 

blue book of 
airguns - great, new, 7th edition is here!!
(to purchase a blue book of airguns just 
click on the sale and wanted 
heading.)



 personal note and 
disclaimer



a very 
personal note 
key item!



disclaimer



copyright and 
trademark information
 



the 
beemans

       
a very personal 
note!


robert's art 
		


toshiko's art



bully pulpit - attack 
on america and is global warming our fault?


birthday 
greeting 


eulogy to two best friends - and welcome to 
    two new friends.

a shot of humor! 

 some of the lighter moments of the airgun business!
    priceless! new!



biography - the beeman story & development of the u.s. adult airgun market - key item! 

 




  what's new?          
	robert and tosh donate the beeman girandoni/lewis 
	airgun!
           seventh 
	edition of blue book of airguns has arrived!  
          
	top show award for lewis and clark expedition air rifle!
new!!
         
alarm about 
	airgun injuries among youth! adult airguns in 
	danger 
          
        
	biggest airgun auction ever! -


  	          

the fred liady airgun 
  collection joins the beeman collection!
           airgun illustrated magazine arrives -  
and leaves!

to 
  be or not to be? -should there even be a blue 
  book of airguns?? what is a fair price for a used or old airgun??

german articles 
    on the search for the lewis & clark airgun 
  and on the beemans and the beeman collection
legal attack on 
  "powerful" airguns! -could 
  affect all airguns in america! 

the  
blue book 
  of airguns  
 
europe comes to america


history

                
lewis and clark airgun:
               
a. proceeding on to the lewis and clark air rifle 
		iii- the third installment of the ongoing reports
                    
of our basic research on the matter of the lewis &clark airgun - begun in 1976 - 32 years ago!. 
              
 b.
lewis 
		air rifle - new hard evidence on the lewis 
		& clark airgun!
               
c. austrian airguns -
girandoni  system 
	airguns. 
                   
a preliminary report of our decades long study and collection of 
girandoni-system airguns. 
                   
further backup to the lewis air rifle reports above.
               
other history:

               
boswell the bearcub 
               
those thrilling days of 
		yesterday - 
               
-development of the u.s. adult   airgun market.

newly updated.
               

american rifleman on beeman's
               
beeman's predecessors?
               
adult airguns in america (see also "thrilling days of yesteryear")

               
odyssey of the beeman r1 - it did 
    not come from the hw 80!
               
"inside notes about beeman" by tom 
  gaylord. key item.!
               

bluebook dedication to beeman
               
airguns - usa
               
a shot of humor! 
    - some of the lighter moments of the airgun business!
                    priceless! new!

               
sale of beeman company - 
    the 1993 sale, that is. 
                includes a note on recommendations of what airguns to buy now!
 

awards
   
	  
	top awards at baltimore antique arms show and st. louis nra
              
	antique arms show  
	for lewis air rifle.

lifetime achievement award - development of the adult airgun 
  market in usa and a biography of robert beeman.


publications -for purchase of publications 
  please click on the for sale & wanted section listed below.

airgun publications

airgun publications of robert beeman - a 
      partial list.

airgun literature review - the grand 
  overview. you need this info!!! 
the basic
      key item!



scientific publications of robert beeman


airgunology 101

word games "the unmentionables!"

400 years of tradition

benjamins, manhood, & civilization

how to select an airgun new: what is the most 
    popular adult airgun 
    in the world?
 field 
  use of an airgun - airgun hunting
airgun ballistics

airgun silencers? - airgun sound 
    moderators - a hazard to your 
  legal health! (for airguns and paintball guns). must pay $200 tax if your 
		state will allow you to do so.

airguns and the law 

airguns protected from 
  state regulation! new!

pellet specifications
airgun 
    projectiles 

"safety" devices- and 
    statement to the consumer product safety commission

safety record of airguns
collection protection -
  		you have an obligation to history! 
with details on  derusting, gun photography, and shipping of airguns!.

rare beeman guns
airgun 
    collecting - 

the collection -a peek into the beeman airgun 
  collection
outstanding, doc!- a german gun editor's view of 
    the beemans and their airgun collection.

whence the wind blows -popular 
  digest of the beemans' early lewis & clark airgun research.  
    (see also: history section above!)

for sale & wanted           
    	airgun literature
		-get the new 7th 
		edition of the blue 
		book of airguns here!!

beeman collectibles

old factory parts

8 gm co2 cylinder 
			sources



airgun links



expert witness

miscellaneous

biotechnical cleaning of 
  airguns -cleaning airguns with bacteria?

a shot of humor! 
    	
some of the lighter moments of the airgun business!
    	priceless! new!

guide to nuremberg and germany

eulogy to two best friends - and welcome to 
    two new friends.


contact us - but please remember that we sold beeman precision airguns in 
  1993 and we no longer have a staff, and we cannot be a chat line.


