

















home | st. jerome's university | university of waterloo






















skip to main content











open search location 
search for 



search location
on all siteson this site
















st. jerome's university





menu














st. jerome's university home







                     about st. jerome's
                    





                              about st. jerome's
                          





                     senior leadership team
                    





                     governance
                    





                     board of governors
                    





                     senate council
                    





                     policies and procedures
                    





                     financial accountability
                    







                     university planning
                    





                     strategic plan
                    





                     academic plan
                    





                     equity, diversity, and inclusion
                    





                     indigenous advisory circle
                    







                     lectures in catholic experience
                    





                     awards
                    





                     conference services
                    





                     employment/volunteer opportunities
                    





                     contact us
                    







                     academics
                    





                              academics
                          





                     admissions, scholarships, and fees
                    





                     undergraduate studies
                    





                     english
                    





                     health humanities
                    





                     history
                    





                     human sciences
                    





                     italian and french studies
                    





                     medieval studies
                    





                     philosophy
                    





                     psychology
                    





                     religious studies
                    





                     sexuality, marriage and family studies
                    





                     sociology and legal studies
                    







                     library
                    





                     research
                    





                     dragen lab
                    





                     well-link lab
                    





                     institute for religion, culture and societal futures
                    





                     centre on foreign policy and federalism
                    







                     continuing education
                    





                     certificate in catholic leadership
                    







                     master of catholic thought
                    







                     alumni and supporters
                    





                     student life
                    





                              student life
                          





                     residence and food services
                    





                     undergraduate housing
                    





                     graduate housing
                    





                     food services
                    







                     student advising and wellness supports
                    





                     service-learning
                    





                     campus ministry
                    





                     meet the student affairs team
                    





                     students' union
                    







                     faculty and staff resources
                    





                              faculty and staff resources
                          





                     academic staff association
                    







                     events
                    















±



welcome to st. jerome's university



































                    why co-register at st. jerome's
                   













at st. jerome’s university, we steward each student’s unique talents, nurture their ability to think critically and inspire them to become lifelong learners who seek knowledge and truth, act with compassion and advocate for human dignity for all. st. jerome’s offers courses in honours arts and honours arts and business, and students graduate with a university of waterloo degree.










generous entrance scholarships
earn a waterloo degree
all 28 arts majors are eligible for co-op
small class sizes - over half of all first- and second-year courses have fewer than 30 students









individualized wellness, stepped-care, wrap-around approach to mental health and student advising dedicated to st. jerome's co-registered students.
central residence location on the waterloo campus
all you can eat meal plans



















co-registration form
















study at st. jerome's
















live at st. jerome's
























events

 events





      
                                            




  thursday, february 27, 2025 6:00 pm



            -
              





  7:00 pm



              






  est (gmt -05:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        take a leap | speed networking with alumni

              



an evening dedicated to fostering connections between alumni and students through networking, mentorship, and shared experiences.




current students,     

current undergraduate students,     

current graduate students,     

future students,     

future undergraduate students,     

future graduate students,     

alumni 







      
                                            




  thursday, february 27, 2025 7:30 pm



            -
              





  9:00 pm



              






  est (gmt -05:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        lectures in catholic experience presents dr. gary j. adler jr. 

              




how catholics govern: examining the religiosity and policy preferences of local government officials
gary j. adler jr., associate professor, the pennsylvania state university





lecture 







      
                                            




  thursday, march 20, 2025 7:30 pm



            -
              





  9:00 pm



              






  edt (gmt -04:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        lectures in catholic experience presents dr. catherine clifford 

              



from vatican ii to a synodal church
catherine clifford, professor, saint paul university 




lecture 







      
                                            




  saturday, march 22, 2025 10:00 am



            -
              





  4:00 pm



              






  edt (gmt -04:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        march open house

              



we can't wait to meet you at our march open house. attend in-person sessions hosted by your faculty of interest, including academic information sessions and sample lectures, chat with professors and students, join tours, and visit our residences.
student ambassadors will be available for campus tours (academic buildings and residences).
current students and faculty will be available to provide insight into our academic programming, course offerings, study abroad and research opportunities.
the student affairs team will be on-site to provide information on student supports and the unique student experience at st. jerome's.
guests are encouraged to utilize our free parking at st. jerome’s for the day – our gates will open at 9:00 a.m.




future students,     

future undergraduate students,     

future graduate students,     

open house 







      
                                            




  thursday, may 15, 2025 7:30 pm



            -
              





  9:00 pm



              






  edt (gmt -04:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        lectures in catholic experience presents fr. gregory boyle

              



cherished belonging - the healing power of love in divided times
fr. gregory boyle, sj, jesuit priest and founder of homeboy industries 




lecture 







      
                                            




  friday, june 6, 2025 6:00 pm



            -
              





  8:00 pm



              






  edt (gmt -04:00)

                                      
      
      
              



        
        beer and bites

              



join us for the annual (and very popular) alumni craft beer and bites event, hosted by the four university colleges at the university of waterloo.




alumni,     

donors | friends | supporters 


































instagram




              instagram
          






x (formerly twitter)




                      x (formerly twitter)
          






linkedin




              linkedin
          






facebook




              facebook
          






youtube




              youtube
          









contact information


290 westmount road north,waterloo, ontario, canada.
n2l 3g3
info@sju.ca519-884-8111






academic programs


undergraduate studies
master of catholic thought






quick links


campus map and location
apply to live at st. jerome's
apply to st. jerome's
food services






support st. jerome's






give today






















we acknowledge, with respect, that st. jerome’s university and the university of waterloo reside and operate on the traditional territory of the attawandaron, anishinaabeg, and haudenosaunee peoples. our university is situated on the haldimand tract, the land frederick haldimand granted to the haudenosaunee of the six nations of the grand river in 1784 that includes 10 kilometers on both sides of the grand river and extends from its source to lake erie.
we give thanks for the privilege to work and live on this land, and we are committed to building respectful relationships with indigenous people and communities, to enhance our knowledge, and learn how we can have an active role in reconciliation.



























