


kptv watch























    
	kptv watch
	
  
a critique of portland, oregon's channel 12 10 o'clock "news" program. to maintain a democracy, news programming needs to inform, not just entertain. does kptv practice journalism or "scarenalism"? this blog intends to hold kptv's feet to the fire in the name of democracy.



2.22.2006



	 the critic appears on kptv
    


for loyal kptv viewers: yes, that was me being interviewed by wayne garcia for tuesday's show. i would have given a face-to-face but i was still on my way back from nebraska. i guess meeting me at the airport was just too much to ask.hey, for all the crap wayne has had to take from me i figure an exclusive interview is the least i can do for him. i know it is shocking, and all i can say is that  you certainly don't expect that in this neighborhood!but now we're even, so be afraid, be very afraid - because i just may be back!  ...stay tunedps: comments are now turned back on. i turned them off because of spam. i have had to add comment moderation, however, because the "word verification" thing just wasn't cutting it when it came to keeping out spam.



posted by kptv-watch @ 7:00 pm  
      
         2 comments






10.10.2005



	 sunday, october 9, 2005
    


just stopping in for a quick moment.ah, i love to have a good laugh at kptv's expense! it just makes my night. tonight's mirth-maker was the story about the subway "terror plot." kevin coari intro'd the story, saying it was by "kptv's julie banderas." the tape started. julie banderas was nowhere in sight. another female reporter named gomez was the talking head for this one. even though she said her name, the kptv-supplied chyron said "julie banderas." coming out of the tape, kev said "that was julie banderas reporting." gee, they don't even watch their own show!what made this particularly amusing to me was that i've met ms. banderas. as i've mentioned elsewhere on this blog, i was in my home town of new york city back in june 2003. i managed to get myself on two of new york's tv news shows by pretending to be a minister who runs a church for smokers. julie banderas (her real last name is bidwell; she apparently thought it would be better for her career to be "hispanic") was the reporter for wnyw, channel 5, the new york fox affiliate, who interviewed me in front of city hall and outside a bar when i attempted to convert a few patrons. funny stuff.i got lucky because one of the anchors at wnyw is linda schmidt, with whom i worked in the 80's when i was a top 40 morning drive dj and she was my news girl. fortunately for me, she happened to be off the night my "church for smokers" story ran; she would have recognized me even though i haven't seen her since her wedding years ago, i suspect.julie banderas/bidwell got fired from wnyw when she was caught "simulating sex," as one of new york's tabloids put it, with her cameraman in the channel 5 van. she was quickly hired by fox news channel, which gives you an idea of their jounalistic standards.oh heck, since i'm here, why don't i give you a few links you can follow to read about stuff you aren't going to get from kptv?the shit's about to hit the fan for the mayor of spokane.  click herethe shit's about to hit the fan for the republican party of ohio.  click herehey, remember that story about the guy who runs the porn site which has published pictures of american soldiers torturing iraqis? remember how i told you about it over a week ago although kptv only got around to it tonight?  well, they still managed to screw up the story.  the guy did not get arrested for the torture pictures. he got arrested for the porn (odd, since, so far as i know, it isn't illegal to put porn pictures on the internet). click hereoh, according to newsweek, the bush administration wanted to blow up syria, but cooler heads (*cough* condoleezza rice *cough*) prevailed.  feel safer yet?  click herehussein may be executed before all his trials finish.  well, that's one way to keep him quiet.  click here



posted by kptv-watch @ 12:57 am  
      
         8 comments






10.08.2005



	 friday, october 7, 2005
    


oh, it’s so amusing when the weekend tech crew is on at kptv!  you might think that a major market tv station would take enough pride in its product to make sure that the people running their “news” show were competent.  yeah, you’d think that, but that doesn’t seem to be the case.  if you like technical flubs, make sure to set the tivo for channel 12 from friday to sunday nights.  more below.top story.  david wilson was at the main post office in portland to pose in front of some mailboxes for this story.  the cops have nabbed joe johansen, who they say was involved in the theft of those mailbox keys recently.  the landlady at his home at 92nd and glisan says she saw him coming and going at odd hours, like 3 am.  an anonymous tip led the cops to johansen and they say they found 2 of the keys, along with some mail and other things, at his place.  the feds would like to have a talk with mr. johansen, too.  the police won’t say if there are any other suspects.fox 12’s most wantedthe marion county law enforcement people would like to find 2 men, both registered sex offenders, who haven’t bothered to check in with their parole officers lately.  the maez’s, the parents of the girl who says she was locked inside a small trailer with a bucket for a toilet when she was bad, are still on the run.  they may be in arizona or texas, where behavior like that is called “good christian parenting.”an iraqi war vet, accused of child rape and other icky crimes, has entered a plea of “not guilty” in kelso.a 34-year-old sheridan man is accused of sexual assault.  they must really not like this guy, as his bail is $1 million.let the panic begin!  some “death threats” were found in the bathrooms at amity high school.  they had a football game there tonight and plenty of security was on hand, said jamie wilson.  the school now has a metal detector inside the main entrance and no backpacks will be allowed on monday since the graffiti said that people, including the principal will be killed then.  some students say they won’t be attending school on monday.  a former jesuit high student is alleging sexual abuse by a priest who has been transferred out of the area.  he’s asking for $4 million in compensation.  i’ve known a jesuit priest or two; they have a reputation for being very bright and somewhat eccentric.  sex with a kid, though, is way outside the lines, assuming it occurred, that is.a suspect has been arrested in the murder of a boy in salem back on september 23rd.remember that murder allegedly committed by the “street family” about 2 years ago in portland?  well, the system has dealt with all the suspects except for jimmy stewart.  no, not the one who had the invisible rabbit friend and had an out-of-body experience where he found out how important he was to his friends and family.  that guy’s dead.  this is another jimmy stewart.  anyway, he’s the “last man standing,” so to speak, in this crime.  he hasn’t entered a plea yet in the murder, which involved burning the victim underneath a bridge.ok, that deal the other day where the guy rang the bell of a house, looking for help after he had been shot and the guy who lived in the house shot him too?  charges have been dropped against the homeowner.  so everything is ok now.  well, no, but the cops are done with the whole deal.some scumbags are calling people in longview, pretending to be fundraisers for st. john hospital, seeking donations for breast cancer research.  st. john says they never raise money that way.  my sister just had a mastectomy for breast cancer so this is particularly unamusing to me.  david freitas/frietas had a cell phone (again!) as his prop for this story.  time for something new, davey!break.4 young men were arrested in the theft of equipment from a high school in keizer back in may.a pit bull killed a neighbor’s cat in north portland.  i’m sure the owner said, “he isn’t a violent dog.  he’s never attacked anyone before.”  pit bull owners are always saying that.  you never hear that from pomeranian owners, do you?56-year-old “larry” melzer of portland is missing.  why “larry” was in quotes, i do not know.  they didn’t say he was from “portland,” did they?  he usually wears a “cap,” although they didn’t put that in quotes.  i did.northwest tonighteugene was the scene of the murder of a 50-year-old auto mechanic at his shop friday morning.  people who knew him say they can’t imagine who would want to kill him or why, but of course no one ever goes on camera and says, “yeah, i always knew bill would get whacked some day.  he was a real prick.”   the cops have no suspects and will only say that it was a violent crime scene.a registered sex offender was walking around medford in a loin cloth he made from stuff he stole from a woman’s yard.  you gotta admire a guy who will take a fashion risk.“kptv’s keli mcallister,” who still looks very asian, brought us the lurid story of some cops from lynwood, washington who busted a massage parlor for prostitution.  so far, so good, right?  well, the fun part comes in when you hear that the cops, on at least 3 separate occasions, went into the place and paid to be masturbated.  the police department spokeswoman was highly amusing when she tried to claim that it wasn’t really masturbation because it didn’t result in ejaculation.  first off, that’s nonsense.  second, how do we know they didn’t ejaculate?  i think the 2 women arrested in the case have just been handed their defense: entrapment by money shot.the anti-gay mayor of spokane, who most assuredly isn’t gay (just ask him), even though he spent much time in online gay chat rooms and had a habit of hiring hunky young men for city jobs, is still fighting the recall vote set for november.  no, he’s not being recalled because he’s gay—that was just the icing on the cake.people in cascade, idaho are concerned that the local dam might break after a series of hundreds of small earthquakes recently.  “experts” say that the dam is perfectly safe.  yup, and the titanic was unsinkable.the conflagration at the fake fort clapsop was “probably not arson” say the investigators.  by the way, if you go there, do they have a fake sacagawea you can meet?  i don’t want to go unless there’s a fake indian maiden to pose for pictures with.gresham has pink flamingos somewhere or other on public display to commemorate national domestic violence month.  $5 says some of them get stolen over the weekend.break.a shotgun and 8 pounds of pot, worth $25,000 were seized in a big! drug! bust! in washington county.there was also a huge! pot! bust! in yamhill county.  i forget all the details; i’m still reeling from the information that 8 pounds of pot is worth 25 large.a man who has been stopped 7 times for duii was in the multnomah county courthouse.  go ahead, guess the charge.  yup, duii.  well, he’s consistent.4 soldiers in a hummer heading south on i-5 were injured in a crash.i told you last night about i-5 being shut down in the vancouver area all weekend.  nothing’s changed.  you’re still fucked if you plan on going anywhere in a hurry.  and by “in a hurry,” i mean if you expect to get there in your lifetime.  it’ll reopen about 5 am monday morning.break.flu seasonyou can get a flu shot this weekend at any wild oats grocery store.  i’ve never been in a wild oats.  would i be correct in assuming that it’s the kind of hippie place where the clerks all have a glassy look in their eye and wear tie-dye aprons?the tualatin valley fire department tested a new kitchen fire device on friday.  it’s a little can that hangs above your stove.  if i understood how it works, when flame hits it, it releases a fire-suppressant powder (i’m guessing halon ‘cause i’m smart like that) which smothers the flames.a python was found in a ditch near the parking lot of the salem toys ‘r’ us.  no one knows how it got there or where it came from.  i was in that store a few weeks ago; it was the first time i’ve been in a toys ‘r’ us in ages.  man, do they suck now!  they used to have, like, every toy in the world.  not so much anymore.to advertise the salmon festival, a 14-foot-long fiberglass salmon is being driven around downtown portland.  i think i just found my next job.  either that or driving the oscar meyer weinermobile.  yeah, you think i’m joking.  ha.weather.  break.final cutooh, funny!  the incompetent weekend kptv “news” crew strikes again!  as the final cut started, hilary hutcheson’s face was blocked by a chyron--for a story that never ran by the way.  it just stuck there, as hilary gamely kept going.  hi-larious!there was a “massacre” at a strip mall in philadelphia.  it ended with the death of innocent people and the shooter, who killed himself.  sad.a standoff in tampa ended with the hostage dead, shot accidentally by the cops.a maid who worked for a florida sheriff was caught on camera stealing medicines from his house.  the sheriff suspected she was taking stuff so he installed hidden cameras and caught her.love dem animal stories!  in northern california, a deer has gone nuts, rampaging around the town.  it seems to have no fear of humans.  it dines on the flesh of young virgins and worships the dark lord in a pentagram it drew in the forest dirt with its paw.in florida, where, by law, most ridiculous and/or unlikely stores must originate, a woman was feeding some fish when a gator bit her hand.  a construction worker in georgia was in big trouble when a tree fell on him.  his fellow workers had to cut up the tree with a chainsaw to free him.there was a big apartment fire in lawrence, kansas.  some of the residents of the building are missing.there was a very big fire in an auto shop in very upscale marina del rey, los angeles.  big ol’ flames and everything.  oh, by the way, kptv misspelled “rey.”  it’s a spanish word, you nitwits!world tonighta landslide in northern india buried a bus with passengers.  rescuers had to dig them out of the mud.  some didn’t make it.a massive flood caused by hurricane otis campbell or whatever it’s called, is responsible for over 200 deaths.in india, more than 180 kids were rescued from an embroidery factory where they worked for pennies per hour.  the youngest was 8 years old.  welcome to america 2010.there were anti-american protests in tehran, iran on friday.  iranians aren’t crazy about the u.s. telling them to stop their nuclear program.war on terroroh, it looked as if there was a problem with the tele-promp-ter, as by this point, wayne and hilary were both holding scripts in their hands.  the washington monument in d.c. was closed down because of “threats.”  true story:  when i worked outside the white house in the late 90’s, a texan, about 60, pointed to the monument and asked me, “what’s that pointy thing there?”  i laughed, thinking he had to be kidding.  he said, “i’m serious.”  i said, “uh, it’s the washington monument!”he said, “we don’t have that in texas” to which i responded, “no sir, but you do have pictures of it!”president bush says he’s good with the reaction new york city had to the alleged terror threat against the subway.  some were critical of the city notifying the public about the threat.  parts of midtown’s penn station were closed down because of a “suspicious soda bottle.”  turns out it was a prank.beaverton has released a booklet to inform the public how to make an emergency kit.  one tip is, if you can’t buy everything they suggest you have in the kit at once, buy a few items each month until your kit is complete.  keri tomlinson then showed us some video of young people who, as a group, didn’t know if their parents have a “preparedness kit” or not.a professor has invented the one thing society needed to be complete: carbonated yogurt.wait!  there was one other thing society was in absolute need of: machines that vend pizza.  now that we have that, no one will ever live in poverty or die in hunger.  children will never again suffer with rickets and old men will be able to get erections at will.  this is a great day, my friends.  let the dancing in the streets begin!hollywood buzzboy george, for some reason, thought it would be amusing to make a prank call to 911 in new york city.  upon arrival at his home, the police found drugs.  oh, they’re going to love him in the tombs (a 19th century prison still in use in new york).  click herea woman who accused wesley snipes of being the father of her child, has been found to be full of shit.  a dna test found that another man was the real father.  snipes says he has never met the woman.li’l kim who has just started a jail sentence for perjury, is having a feud with fifty cent (which hilary hutcheson pronounced as “fitty” as mr. cent prefers).  two rappers having a feud?  has this ever happened before in the history of hip-hop?bill cosby, or dr. william h. cosby, jr. as the comedian/moralizer/adulterer prefers, is on a 15-city speaking tour against violence in the black community.  a portland woman wants to go to the next american idol auditions.  unfortunately, she can’t afford a ticket, so she went to the portland greyhound bus station and sang for donations.  so, because she wants to be on american idol, which kptv will use any excuse to do a story about, she gets airtime for begging?  fascinating.what kptv didn't tell you about tonight (a sampling):president bush’s approval rating is at an all-time low.  click herejudith miller, the new york times reporter who went to jail allegedly to protect her source in the case of the outing of a cia agent, has miraculously “found” notes from a previously undisclosed meeting with white house officials.  click hereif you get all or most of your news from kptv, you know nothing about the fact that a spy for the philippines was discovered to have worked in vice-president dick cheney’s office for about 3 years.  the fbi has examined cheney’s office computers in connection with the case.  click herecorrection: yesterday’s report started off with “yippie-ya-a!”  that should have read “yippie-kay-a!”  kptv watch regrets the error.



posted by kptv-watch @ 12:29 am  
      
         0 comments






10.07.2005



	 thursday, october 6, 2005
    


yippie-ya-a!top story.  attacked with a sledgehammer!  yow.  david wilson went to aloha for this one.  a 15-year-old girl went into a subway sandwich shop back on september 9 to ask the workers there to call 911 for her.  she said her dad had beaten and abandoned her.  the girl, her parents and 2 siblings apparently lived in a small travel trailer.  when the girl was “bad,” the parents would lock her up in a smaller trailer with a bucket for a toilet.  the ‘rents, michael and terry maez, are now missing.  nice folks.  thanksgiving at their place must be a blast.  “pass the turkey roll, please.”they’re still looking for the minivan involved in the attempted kidnapping from monday.  ok, what the hell did i mean by these notes?  “sex abuse—16 m.o. woman—b & g club.”  i know that “m.o.” means “months old,” but what the hell does “b & g club” mean?  jeez, i’m getting old.a 63-year-old secretary for st. john lutheran church was beaten.  she answered the door when a guy knocked, asking to fill his water bottle.  she asked him to put the bottle down and back away from the door, so she could take it.  when she opened the door, he pushed her inside and beat her.  the crime went down at about 8 am thursday.  david frietas/freitas was on the scene.4 kelso teen boys were arrested for stealing a car.  no one’s quite sure why they ‘fessed up.  was a rubber hose involved?  just asking.hey, remember that guy who got his truck and dog stolen while he was at the 24 hour fitness center the other day?  he got ‘em back.  someone spotted the truck and thought it looked “suspicious,” whatever that means in the case of a parked truck.  anyway, the whole thing has a happy ending, i guess.hilary hutcheson showed off new ‘do number 1127 for this story about a “hate crime” (as opposed to a “love crime”) in kelso.  someone threw a large rock through the window of the home of what appeared to be a mixed-race couple.  they also spray-painted “nigger” on the door of the home.  not exactly the welcome wagon, huh?  so now the family is in a shelter while they ponder if they can get the hell out of unfriendlyville.next we saw pictures of what a man whose body was found in skamania, washington looked like when he was…well, not dead.  the coroners think he may be a guy who was killed in 2003.  meth watchjacqueline garvin, an oregon department of human services employee, was arrested for having meth and drug-related stuff in her home.  hey, jackie, here’s your defense: “i was just trying to better understand some of my clients.”  it may not work, but hey, what do you have to lose?pot plants were seized on land owned by weyerhauser, the big lumber company.  the tipoff was the sign by the road that said, “harvested and smoked in 1968.  replanted in 1969.”  you’ll get that joke if you’ve ever driven in southwestern washington.break.mail has been stolen in recent days in 2 portland neighborhoods.  there are no suspects.  um, how about that guy who had the keys to the mailboxes?  you might want to talk to him for starters.miguel robleto, who the police say supplied hundreds of illegal immigrants with fake id’s, has been charged with crimes related to that alleged activity.  “sir, your name is brad pitt?”  “si.”remember damon coates, the local cop who got shot a few years back?  remember how his family said his “recovery” was a miracle and how the city of portland said they totally supported him?  well, not so much.  first off, the poor bastard looks like shit.  i’m not trying to make fun of him; what he went through is horrific.  it’s just that that “miracle” stuff seems, at best, like a wild overstatement.  second, he’s suing the county for allegedly violating his civil rights.  according to coates, it’s the only way he can get the money he needs to live on.  so, that “support” they gave him seems to have been…um, what’s the word i want here?  oh right, bullshit!  the basis of the civil rights violation claim is that he says he wasn’t told of the dangerous nature of the situation he was going to when he was shot.  sounds kind of weak to me, but i hope he wins so he can have a little dignity for the rest of his life.oh, that arson at the fake fort clapsop?  wellll…turns out they don’t think there was any arson involved after all.  fire season 2005firefighters in socal are gaining ground against the fire east of l.a.  it is now 25% contained.fire season ends tomorrow locally.  only 256 more shopping days ‘til fire season 2006.live in vancouver?  expect to drive anywhere this weekend?  you’re fucked.  part of i-5 will be closed in your neck of the woods from 10 pm friday until 5 am monday.  happy gridlock on surface streets!  they’re widening the road, in case you were wondering.northwest tonightthe driver involved in the chase in bellevue, washington earlier this week was in a similar chase last year.  since he had no previous record at that time, he only got a short jail stretch.  they won’t be making that mistake with this loser again, i’ll warrant.  thanks, “kptv’s derek wing” for the update.a man who sat on a highway sign holding a banner has done this before.  kptv didn’t know what the banner said.  god forbid they pick up a fucking phone and call the cops in tacoma to find out!dirty diningkeri tomlinson gave us a lesson in hand washing from her perch in news control.  apparently, the nice folks at king burrito didn’t realize you are supposed to wash your hands in the bathroom and again at your work station before you handle food.  of course, it would help if the sink at the work station actually worked.  then we got to see a public employee giving a poorly-attended lecture about post-evacuation sanitation.  at times like this, when people have to be taught about germs and the fact that they’re a bad thing to introduce into someone’s food, i question whether i truly do live in a first world country.break.war on terrormy hometown, new york city, has received what they’re calling “credible threats” about people planting 19 suitcase bombs in the subway system.  as a result, security in the subway is being increased.  people are urged to go about their lives, but keep on the lookout for anything suspicious.  as someone who has ridden the subway hundreds of times, i can tell you that if everything suspicious was removed from the subway, it would be an underground ghost town.  serious question: is there something in the koran about the number 19?  it just seems like an interesting number of bombs; plus, weren’t there 19 terrorists involved in the wtc bombing?  does 19 have some significance in islam?because it’s no fun if someone else’s mass transit system gets all the terror-related attention, tri-met has announced that it, too, will be stepping up security.  yeah, ‘cause the terrorists hate us for our omsi.there was a memorial service held thursday for an oregon national guard soldier killed in iraq.  the poor bastard probably only signed up for the school benefits.break.the lovejoy columns, painted pillars which held up a highway ramp, were moved when the ramp was demolished.  they’ve been in storage, but they’re going to be moved again.  where?  dunno.  sorry.  sue me.flu seasonbecause the avian flu is only a potential pandemic which scientists say might kill millions of humans and not a monkey smoking cigarettes, kptv took their sweet time reporting on it.  2 new scientific papers compare it to the 1918 spanish flu which they think may also have come from birds.  the avian flu, which kills 50% of the people who contract it, has already killed 60 in asia.  oh, by the way, there is no cure for it.  funny, there’s never a story about a smoking monkey to change the mood when you need one.so, how’s that dog flu thing going?  well, it ain’t no avian flu, that’s for sure.  it’s spread by air from dog to dog and can’t hurt humans.  scientists—you know, those people the bush administration isn’t so crazy about—have developed a vaccine for cervical cancer that they say all teen girls should get.  it has been 100% effective in studies, although it isn’t approved for general use yet.weather.  break.final cutthe body found in a pennsylvania landfill is believed to be that of the mother of the 4 year-old girl found wandering in queens, new york city a while back.  poor kid.the body of a missing virginia freshman girl was found east of richmond.  i gotta say, having been there, i think, given the choice of being found alive in richmond or dead elsewhere, i might have to go with the latter.  a couple of window washers had a harrowing time when their rig ended up dangling 40 stories above the street on the upper east side of manhattan.  given the rents there, that is probably the closest a blue-collar worker will come to having an apartment in that neighborhood.  anyway, they’re ok.lightning killed people at a football game in florida.  good christian that i am, i am allowed to speak for god and he’s told me that this is his way of saying to florida, “stop being so humid.  and what’s with all the old people?  oh, also, stop rigging elections!”a big boulder rolled down a colorado hill and into the home of a woman, who had just gone over to visit her neighbor.  it’s a miracle, i tell you!  that whole salk vaccine for polio is crap next to this!  something potentially bad didn’t happen to someone?  call the vatican.2 6-year-old rhode island boys fought over a candy ring pop and the mother of one of them called the police.  over-reaction?  nah.  the kid could have had a candy glock.wait!  is this actual news i see?  be still my heart.  seems that obese presidential problem-fixer and congenital liar (allegedly) karl rove may be indicted soon in the outing of a cia agent.  rove “voluntarily” testified (for the fourth time) to a grand jury about his possible involvement in the case.  this ain’t good news for turd blossom (bush’s nickname for him) either: the prosecutor says he can’t guarantee that karl won’t be prosecuted.world tonightthere were 2 explosions at an anti-bush protest in argentina.  wow, he’s every bit the “uniter, not divider” there that he is here.  you know, if i was president bush, i might try to get back the money i paid for those pre-election slogans.in mexico, hurricane stan has caused massive flooding and killed 162 people so far.  katrina’s devastationformer tech tv ethnic eye candy, “kptv’s sumi das,” was in new orleans, hanging out with people who were returning to their homes there for the first time since katrina.  it wasn’t pretty.  just for starters, mold is everywhere, including n.o.’s two hospitals, which will almost certainly have to be demolished.one of the 2 dr. dre’s (all “doctors” named dre look alike to me), has donated $1 million to the hurricane relief effort.  after the 9/11 disaster, he made a similar donation to the families hurt by it.  jeez, he’s as big a publicity-seeker as that mother teresa broad!pump patrolthis was pretty weak, as if kptv felt the need to come up with something they could call pump patrol.  higher gasoline prices have created more gas siphoning!  yup, that was about it.jamie wilson was in news control, but not live, to tell us that oregon attorney general hardy myers is encouraging computer security protection for individuals and businesses.  well, that’s certainly a lot more reasonable and rational than i expected when i saw kptv’s promo for the story which said something about oregon lawmakers wanting to “clean up cyberspace.”  ‘cause some schmuck in salem is going to be able to do that.a new virus for the playstation personal pretends to be a program that allows you to run “custom games” on your psp.  it doesn’t.  it actually removes programs from it, making it impossible to play super mario’s house of ill repute while you ride the max train to work.stop the presses!  this story is clearly the kind of thing that won kptv “best newscast on a channel with a number below 13 in portland which airs between 10 and 11 pm” or whatever that prize was.  a new electronic beer coaster actually weighs your glass and knows when it is empty so it can signal the bartender to fill it up.  fuck the wright brothers and philo t. farnsworth (inventor of television); this is the kind of thing that demonstrates the immutable power of the human imagination.  sure, it will cause people to file lawsuits on the ground of being “overserved” by the bars which use it, but hey, you can’t get an egg drunk without making an omelet.  or something like that.hollywood buzzthe california house used in exterior shots of “stately wayne manor” on the old batman tv show burned down.  wait, this means that they’ll see the batpoles that lead down to the batcave where the batmobile is parked!  batfuck!the book “memoirs of a geisha” has been made into a movie.  it will be released on december 9th.  it will be pulled from theaters and released on dvd on december 12th.happy national domestic violence month!  kimberly maus spoke to a group of people celebrating (?) the observance of the holiday (?) in hillsboro (!).finally, an award for supporting the arts was given to the ceo of meredith broadcasting in new york city.  never let it be said that kptv missed an opportunity to plant a big, sloppy blowjob on their boss.  the ceo guy made some statement about meredith believing that it should be part of the community or some other platitude like that.  hey, you yuppie bastard, how about putting on a news show that doesn’t spend more air time on smoking monkeys than it does on things that can potentially affect everyone in its audience?  that would be some real service to the friggin’ community.what kptv didn't tell you about tonight (a sampling):the senate, by a vote of 90-9, approved a bill that would prevent soldiers from using torture techniques on prisoners.  hey, meredith ceo guy, do you think putting this story on your show would have been a good thing?  click herewell, it kinda looks like tom delay and his successor swapped illegal campaign contributions.  click herehardcore conservatives aren’t all that crazy about harriet miers, bush’s nominee for the supreme court.  and they’re letting him know.  click hereremember how the story about the guy who blew himself up outside an oklahoma football game sounded a little odd, as if it was missing a critical piece or two?  looks like it.  click heremore about karl rove and his potential impending indictment.  click here



posted by kptv-watch @ 1:22 am  
      
         0 comments






10.06.2005



	 wednesday, october 5, 2005
    


let’s roll!top story.  debra gil was really, really, really on the scene in tigard where a 16-year-old girl was grabbed by a hispanic guy who had approached her, asking for directions.  he tried to push her into a minivan, which sounds a whole lot like the m.o. in 2 other attempted kidnappings in the area lately.  the girl ran to the nearby transit center for help.  the cops caught hugo alvarado; the cops, of course, suspect he’s involved in the other 2 as well.   all this happened about 3 pm.  we shall see.there was a sexual assault in beaverton monday night.  sheesh, since kptv is right there in beaverton, can’t they get local crimes on the air quicker? anyhoo, there’s some suspicion that the miscreant was on drugs.jamie wilson was at the kptv “news” van to tell us that a man was stabbed about 8 am tuesday in vancouver.  31-year-old ozzie curtis is your victim.  he’s on crutches and was walking near a ball field when 3 men, described as asian, jumped him and beat him with a tree branch.  they got $40 from his wallet and left him for dead with stab wounds from the knife one of them had.  some girls walking by called 911 and probably saved his life.fox 12’s most wanted3 men, either african-american or indian, robbed a bank in vancouver at about 10:30 am.  stick it to the man, my (possibly) ebony brothers!a teen boy was stabbed at a southeast portland high school.  go fighting stabbers!david wilson paid a visit to tigard.  somebody put a “skimmer” on an atm at a bank at 71st and 99w.  it fits over the installed slot-thingie you put your card into, so that the crook can collect your card’s info.  there’s also a hidden camera nearby to see your pin.  a former bank employee noticed the set-up, pulled it off the atm and drove off with it. trouble is, he didn’t go too far before someone, presumably the person who installed the thing, grabbed it from him.  oopsie.that former teacher from stayton who was accused of molesting students got 90 days in jail where he will learn what it’s like to be on the other side of that sort of “fun.”  not that there’s anything wrong with that.  actually, there is, if by “that” we mean anal rape.hilary hutcheson with her new/old hairdo was in beaverton to inform us about the school bus driver who was disciplined for pushing a 10-year-old girl onto her seat.  the girl’s father is going to sue.  to me, he looked like the kind of guy who would agree with rush limbaugh that a woman suing mcdonalds for being served scalding hot coffee, which caused third-degree burns to her groin area, was a “frivolous lawsuit.”  there’s always the possibility, of course, that i’m reading a wee bit too much into the 10 seconds of video i saw of the guy.  kptv wouldn’t give the bus driver’s name since he hasn’t been charged with anything yet.  awww, how sensitive!break.the defendant in the murder trial of his sister back in 2002 cried on the witness stand on wednesday.  it’s taken this long to get him into a courtroom because he had to be evaluated for being a friggin’ nut.  that’s not exactly how they said it, of course, but it’s funnier that way.  the cops say he admitted the crime, which raises the question of why a trial is necessary.a local man is accused of robbing more than 3 ounces of pot from a medical marijuana patient.  fortunately, crimes like this will soon be a thing of the past as the bush administration, on orders from god (who considers marijuana “my biggest fuck-up.  well, biggest after making homos, that is.”) will be getting around to outlawing medical marijuana any day now.  lawrence mckinney is a scumbag.  allegedly.  the police say he would pretend to be a “newspaper courier” to get into the homes of old people.  then he’d rob them.  allegedly.  the dog stolen from a 24 hour fitness center is still missing.  the owner is offering a $4000 reward, which is how much certain employees of kptv “news” will pay you to whack me.meth watchsome employers are using insurance money to pay for meth treatment programs for their addicted employees.  david frietas/freitas was in the studio for this story.  we were introduced to a former addict who works at oregon spring service.  personally, making springs 50 weeks a year would drive me to drugs, but he says he’s clean now, thanks to his bosses paying for his drying out.  i can’t really make too much fun of the guy since he said exactly what i’ve been saying for years now: we have to stop treating drug addiction as a moral problem and deal with it as a health issue.  you gotta applaud his employer for not throwing the guy’s junkie ass out onto the street, too.hey, kids, thinking about an assisted suicide?  well, you better hurry.  the supreme court seems to be divided on the issue.  john roberts, who the other justices call “bush’s blow boy” behind his back, seems to be in favor of outlawing your right to pay a doctor to help you kill yourself.  once again the republicans demonstrate that when they say they believe in smaller government which doesn’t intrude into your life, they really mean they believe in a government that tells you how to live, who you can have sex with and what you can believe from birth to the grave.  but it will be smaller, somehow.mildred davey, long-time tillamook radio broadcaster, died.  davey started her show back in 1961. she was 93.  i saw her at the tillamook county fair last year and i can tell you, she didn’t look a day over 87.  hot!break.northwest tonightyow!  exciting video of a crash which narrowly missed a highway cop in idaho.  now that’s “journalism!”  fuck those hard-to-understand stories about “issues.”  more car crashes!  especially if they involve monkey drivers.the guy involved in the big cop chase tuesday near seattle has an oregon criminal record.  now if he had only committed a felony in california, he’d have the west coast trifecta.a corvallis man is accused of trying to hire someone to set his girlfriend’s trailer on fire.  hey, the guy’s an entrepreneur!  he was trying to help the economy by keeping the job in america!  he could have outsourced.  where’s the love?as you would expect, the fire at the fake fort clapsop is being investigated by the authorities.  they’re still looking for the chevy believed to have left the area shortly before the fake fort went up in flames.break.skinny kptv morning weather weasel andy carson was at heald college for the grape stomp where he was made to stand in a bucket of grapes.  is that a morning show or a frat hazing?  anyway, heald won whatever the hell the grape stomp is.southwest airlines has no sense of humor.  it kicked a woman wearing a t-shirt that says “meet the fuckers” with a picture of bush and cheney off one of their planes.  does anyone else smell freshly-baked lawsuit cooling on the metaphorical windowsill?harriet miers, president bush’s nominee for the supreme court, is getting a mixed reaction from conservatives.  the biggest objection is “lack of experience.”  hey, she spent a whole tax season working at h & r block!  you think that’s easy?  58% of conservatives support her nomination in a poll.fire season 2005a big-ass fire is burning east of l.a. licking at the edge of the 60 freeway.there’s a fire on the border between san diego county and mexico.  the ins will catch it when it crosses over into the u.s. and drive it back to tijuana.the woodhouse fire has already consumed about 500 acres near sacramento.storm team 12tropical storm tammy has winds of about 50 mph and is moving northwest.  hey, don’t we live in the northwest?  oh, nooooooo!it’s snowing in utah!  hurry, hurry, get your frozen mormons!parts of minnesota have received 9 inches of rain recently.  hurry, hurry, get your damp norwegians!weather.  break.final cut2 men committed a murder-rape in the course of a “home invasion” in georgia.pit bull rampage!  well, sort of.  a doggie in cincinnati bit the owner’s neighbor.  i don’t know about you, but i expect more from my rampages.so, this substitute teacher in florida heard a beeping sound in his classroom.  he thought it was a cell phone and he confronted the kid it was coming from.  the kid tried to tell him it was his insulin pump but before he could explain, mr. can’t get a full-time teaching job grabs the tube on the pump and pulls it, separating it from the kid’s catheter.  hey, teach, i think you should start practicing saying, “would you like fries with that?”a semi crashed into a tollbooth on a highway (probably the pennsylvania turnpike) in pa.  my guess is based on the fact that there aren’t a lot of roads with tollbooths in pennsylvania.speaking of pennsy, a burning body was found in philadelphia.  turns out it was the body of the uncle of beanie siegel, a rapper.  a rapper involved with violence?  i, for one, am shocked!  shocked, i tell you.  siegel, by the way, is about to go on retrial for murder.  his lawyer says the death of his uncle has no connection to the alleged murder, but what would you expect his lawyer to say?  wait!  wasn’t beanie siegel a kid’s show back in the 60’s?  no, that was beanie and cecil!former washington d.c. mayor, marion berry, is in trouble again.  the irs says he hasn’t paid his taxes for several years.  well, the guy was a crackhead; he’s not gonna remember every little thing.  by the way, if you’ve never seen the hidden camera footage of his fbi arrest, find a copy.  it’s a laugh riot!  after you see it, you’ll be using the phrase, “the bitch set me up!” with all your friends for weeks.kptv couldn’t find a story about a monkey smoking cigarettes tonight, so instead we got a story about a python which tried to eat a gator.  oh, nature and its wacky pranks!speaking of florida, god’s waiting room, a family found a crocodile in their garage.  now if only a python was trying to eat it while a monkey sat in the corner watching while smoking, it would have been the perfect kptv story!katrina’s devastationsome of the victims of post-katrina crime are finally getting some help.  oh, tacked onto this story was the teensy revelation that a lot of the stuff you heard about when all those people were trapped inside the superdome, like the multiple rapes and murders, turns out not to be true.  yup, after whipping america up into a frenzy about those out-of-control negroes for weeks now, the “correction” is slipped inside another story.  gee, i can’t imagine why people don’t trust the media.the feds say it may take as long as a year to clean up the toxic mess in new orleans.  there’s an estimated 5 million gallons of ooey-gooey down there, which seems a little on the low side to me.  then there’s all those refrigerators with rotten food inside which also have to have their freon removed safely.in another of the meaningless gestures organized religion is famous for, the catholic church blessed some of the pets rescued from katrina at the cathedral in washington, d.c.  oh, by the way, if you ever go there, ask to be shown where the yoda gargoyle is.  no, i’m not kidding; there really is one.a woman who survived katrina has won a million bucks on a slot machine at a casino.  oh, in that case, i guess there’s a happy ending after all.  kptv need never report on the “suffering” of any of the people in new orleans again.some person or persons broke into a warehouse where the powerhouse church of vancouver was storing food and other needed goods for katrina survivors and stole lots of stuff.  oregon respondssome 700 local restaurants participated in “dime for america day” to raise money for hurricane victims.  i still don’t understand the name of this thing.kids get arthritis too.  according to the journal of the american medical association (the existence of which is one of the biggest reasons you don’t have national medical care), a doctor has come up with a formula of various medicines which may be effective against childhood arthritis.spaceship one, the first privately-financed spaceship, has been donated to the smithsonian’s air and space museum, where i used to work.  yes, really.  shauna parsons said that spaceship one will be next to charles lindbergh’s spirit of st. louis.  uh, since the spirit hangs from the ceiling, i’m guessing that the spaceship isn’t going to be right next to it.  near it, perhaps.  by the way, the air and space museum is the most-visited museum in the world.  just thought you’d like to know that.is even wayne garcia starting to realize that kptv’s 10 o’clock show isn’t exactly a “news” show?  he said, “here’s our nightly ipod story,” which made me laugh (him too).  apple says they have a big announcement to make next week and some industry analysts think that they will be unveiling a video ipod.  the earth will stop spinning on its axis immediately after this unprecedented release of an overpriced gadget.hollywood buzztom cruise and katie holmes are expecting!  the couple says they don’t know if they are having a boy or a girl but so long as it’s a healthy alien, they’ll be happy.  besides, “l. ron cruise” can work for either gender.speaking of couples who add nothing to the smooth functioning of the planet, jessica simpson and her husband nick lachey are not breaking up.  i repeat, jessica and nick are not breaking up!  you can put that fistful of midol down now; there’s still a reason to live.new breakthroughs in technology mean that stevie wonder may gain the ability to see.  his first words are expected to be, “you mean i’ve been paying someone to dress me like this all these years???”  oh, he has a new album coming out, too.what kptv didn't tell you about tonight (a sampling):al gore has awoken from his thousand-year slumber and he doesn’t like what’s calling itself “journalism”: “the coverage of political campaigns focuses on the "horse race" and little else. and the well-known axiom that guides most local television news is "if it bleeds, it leads." (to which some disheartened journalists add, "if it thinks, it stinks.")”  jesus, where was that al gore when he ran for president?  if that al had run, i wouldn’t have had to hold my nose when i voted for him.  click herea spy in the white house!  yup.  feel safer yet?  kptv can find time for a story about a fucking snake trying to eat a gator, but none for something like this.  click herepalm beach county, florida says, “fuck the darkies!” (essentially) with its plan to turn a small town, home to mostly poor black people, into a billion-dollar yachting and housing complex.  thanks, supreme court and your wacky eminent domain ruling!  click here  maybe if they turn shauna parsons’ house into a carl’s jr. kptv will report on stuff like this.the lapd says that lindsay lohan was not being pursued by paparazzi, as she had claimed, when she crashed her benz into another car.  hey, po-po, you callin’ my homegirl a liar?  actually, i suspect her (alleged) use of the peruvian nose candy may have affected her critical thinking abilities.  and made her boobs disappear.



posted by kptv-watch @ 1:21 am  
      
         0 comments











about me

name:  kptv-watch 
location:  oregon, united states 
view my complete profile



links

news feed, ktpv watch


contact kptv watch
google news
get a free news feed reader
outsider art

previous posts

the critic appears on kptv
sunday, october 9, 2005
friday, october 7, 2005
thursday, october 6, 2005
wednesday, october 5, 2005
tuesday, october 4, 2005
sunday, october 2, 2005
saturday, october 1, 2005
friday, september 30, 2005
thursday, september 29, 2005

archives

may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
february 2006









 





