





holland lodge no1 a.f.&a.m. – founding lodge of texas masonry































































































































 






skip to content



alt menu
 





homeholland lodge2024-07-16t02:01:59-05:00 
welcome to
holland lodge no.1
for many, freemasonry’s biggest draw is the fact that members come from all walks of life and meet as equals whatever their race, religion, or socio-economic position in society.
our values are based on integrity, kindness, honesty, and fairness.
howard pham – holland lodge no1 worshipful master 2023-2024on march 10, 1835, john a. wharton, asa brigham, james a. e. phelps, alexander russell, anson jones, and j. p. caldwell met in a secluded grove near brazoria and petitioned the grand lodge of louisiana for a dispensation to form a new lodge to be called holland lodge. from this meeting started a chain of events that would form the foundations of texas masonry and texas history. our first master of holland lodge, anson jones, went on to serve as both the first grand master of the grand lodge of texas and the last president of the republic of texas before the annexation at the end of 1845.the spirit of our founding brothers has continued to this day, our lodge is still dedicated to those virtues that they held dear to the hearts. the aim of our membership is to provide a place where men of the modern world can still benefit from classic principles and programs.we seek to promote the “brotherhood of man under the fatherhood of god”. we our all bound on this earth by our divine creator, to aid, support, and protect each other. that is not to say that masonry is a religion, though our membership is made of spiritual men. we accept men from all faiths so long as they profess a belief in a deity and believe in the immortality of the soul. we also seek to promote our values of “faith, hope and charity”, not to say that masonry is a charity, though our membership is made of charitable men.masonry uses these principles for our ritual and our allegory to provide a foundation for our brothers to learn, grow, and become pillars in their homes, their work, and their communities. with the foundation set, our lodge continues to push our members by hosting studying sessions to enrich our minds in masonic history and esoterism, by encouraging them to take an active part in serving on the various committees and offices of the lodge, by hosting fraternal events to strengthen our bonds of fellowship and friendship and doing our part to support our various charities to enrich the soul.if these ideals seem to speak to you, and you have a desire to join a group of men who are active in bettering themselves, each other, and our lodge, then our doors are open. the first step is coming to introduce yourself, breaking bread with us as we eat dinner, and getting to know the members. in our organization, the key to success is to always search for knowledge and ask questions. our only question is, what are you waiting for?sincerely,howard pham
worshipful master
holland lodge #1 a.f.& a.m. 

 






holland lodge no1 a.f.&a.m. officers for 2023-2024 masonic year 
							 





from the east

how to become a freemason
after reading the various articles on freemasonry which you can find in the about freemasonry and about us sections of this website, if you are still interested in becoming a freemason, we advise that you first talk to a family member, friend or colleague whom you already know to be a mason. they will be able to explain to you what they can about the fraternity and help you find a suitable lodge.
if you don’t know anyone at all who is a mason, then get in touch with the grand lodge of texas where you can find a lodge near you or if you decide to join our lodge, e-mail the office of the secretary, telling us a little bit about yourself and your reasons for wishing to join.
no man has ever been invited to become a freemason!
i want to learn moreto be one, ask one
charitable works




 
 
address4911 montrose blvd, houston, texas 77006 phone: (713) 529-0912 email: secretary@hollandlodge.org web: www.hollandlodge.org
holland lodge no1 futured eventseducation nightjanuary 29, 2025education nightjanuary 29, 2025breakfast with brothersfebruary 15, 2025brother cody crockroft visitfebruary 24, 2025grand master visit practicemarch 5, 2025grand master visit practicemarch 10, 2025[fusion_woo_shortcodes][product id=”21546″][/fusion_woo_shortcodes]© copyright  2025 |   all rights reserved   |   
×on this day in masonic history
 the mother lodge  today in masonic history we present the mother lodge by rudyard kipling. there was a rundle, station master,   an' beazeley of the rail;   an' achman, commissariat,   an' donkin o' the jail; an' blake, cunductor sergeant-   our master twice was ‘e,   with ‘im that kept the europe shop,   old framjee eduljee. outside-"sergeant! sir! salute! slam!"   inside-"brother" an' it doesn't do no ‘arm,   we meet upon the level an' we parted on the square,   an' i was junior deacon in my mother lodge out there. there was bola nath, accountant,   and saul, the aden jew,   an, din mohammed, draughtsman,   of the sursey office, too. there was babu chicekerhitty,   an' amir singh, the sikh,   an' castro of the fittin' sheds,   a roman catholic. we ‘ad n't good regalia,   an' our lodge was old an' bare;   but we knew the ancient landmarks,   an' we kept ‘em to a hair. an' looking on it backwards,   it often strikes me thus,   there ain't such things as ‘eathen now,   except, per'aps, it's us. for monthly after labor   we'd all sit down an' smoke   (we durs'nt give no banquets   least a brother's caste were broke), an' man on man got bukkin'   religion an' the rest,   an' every man comparin'   of the god 'e knowed the best. so man on man got started,   an' not a beggar stirred   till mornin' waked the parrots,   an' that dam' brain-fever bird. we'd say't was very curious,   an' we'd all go ‘ome to bed   with mohammed, god, an' shira,   changin' pickets in our ‘ead.        full out of gov'ment service   this wanderin' foot ‘ath pressed   an' bore fraternal greetin's   to the lodges east and west        accordin' as commanded,   from ko'at to singapore,   but i wish that i might see them   in my mother lodge once more.        i wish that i might see them,   my brethren white and brown,   with the burlies smellin' pleasant   an' the ag-dan passin' down,        an' the old khansannah snorin'   on the bottle-khana floor,   like a brother in good standing   with my mother lodge once more.        outside-"sergeant! sir! salute! slam!"   inside-"brother" an' it doesn't do no ‘arm,   we meet upon the level an' we parted on the square,   an' i was junior deacon in my mother lodge out there.   
 other events today  freemasonry v. catholicism the dying hope the beehive solomon's last injuctions  
this article provided by today in masonic history at https://www.masonrytoday.com.
closetoday in masonic history

 
 
page load link

homeabout freemasonryabout usofficerspast masterscharitable worksq&abecoming a masonlodge publicationsphoto/video gallerylibrary and museumdownloadable contentcontactfull calendar


4911 montrose blvd, houston, texas 77006 phone: (713) 529-0912 email: secretary@hollandlodge.org web: www.hollandlodge.org







































go to top




