












welcome | thompson law group | quality legal services since 1995 | tucson, arizona



































































 

mobile logo











home
services

business law
cta compliance
bankruptcy


pricing

business law pricing
cta pricing
bankruptcy pricing


resources

business law resources
cta resources
bankruptcy resources
general resources
speaking engagements
blog: lisa and the law


faqs

business law faqs
cta compliance faqs
bankruptcy faqs
general faqs


about
contact
client portal
 




get started today!




january 23, 2025 update: at this time, there are no deadlines to comply with the corporate transparency act (cta) despite the u.s. supreme court staying the preliminary injunction in one case.  there is still one preliminary injunction in place that prevents fincen from enforcing a deadline for compliance.
feel like you’re on a roller coaster?
we do too. if you want off this ride, you can voluntarily file your boir at this time. we can help.
    if you have already filed your boir and want to verify its accuracy? we can help.





we are committed to looking at your business and life as a whole. we make sure all of the pieces fit together.
we stay up to date.  we won’t let you miss a deadline or be surprised by a change in the law.
business laws exist to protect you from personal liability.  let us help you protect yourself and your business.
we'll help you navigate bankruptcy to find relief from overwhelming debt with no judgment.  we will provide you peace of mind.









own a business? want to start one?
we can guide you and act as your in-house counsel.  we can help you set up a new business the right way for a proper start.
get started!



cta breaking news
get the latest information on the cta in our new blog lisa and the law and subscribe to our cta email list to be notified of changes to the cta, subscribe below.
see below!


new year business review
it is the new year, start it off right with a business review and consultation.consult with us today and ensure that your business structure fully protects you.
get started today!




our philosophy
“our business is helping you with your business.”


information is power and we want you to have it.  thompson law group is dedicated to providing our clients with information so they can make educated decisions about their lives and their business.
we do not expect you to know the questions to ask and we will not let you go away not understanding your business, circumstance or options fully.  mainly, we want you to sleep well at night knowing that your business is as it should be.  whether it is ensuring that a contract protects you, your exit strategy is sound, and your business structure correct, we look at the entire picture to be sure you and your business are where you need to be.  
if you come into financial distress either personally or with your business, we will tackle it together.  at thompson law group, we view ourselves and our clients as members of a team dedicated to resolving our clients’ problems whatever they may be.  we provide peace of mind.





an introduction to thompson law group, p.c.





we are committed to listening to what your needs are, and we are proud of our ranking given to us by previous clients. thank you!
lisa carol thompsonreviewsout of 48 reviews




lisa and the law










we are proud to announce our new blog “lisa and the law”! stay informed with the latest updates on the corporate transparency act (cta) and business law insights from thompson law group. lisa shares expert guidance and practical advice to help you navigate legal challenges with confidence. follow along for timely updates and key developments in the legal world.
go to lisa and the law
recent posts
the new administration files opening brief in texas top cop shop 5th circuit appeal signaling the continued pursuit of enforcement of the ctafebruary 7, 2025the new administration files notice of appeal and request for stay in the eastern district of texas smith casefebruary 5, 2025supreme court stays texas top cop shop injunction, but smith ruling still blocks cta enforcementjanuary 23, 2025fincen annual increase of cta violation fines to $606/dayjanuary 17, 2025second texas court issues preliminary injunction against cta enforcement in smith v. treasuryjanuary 7, 2025






skilled, accessible, caring and effective
throughout the course of my chapter 13 it has been very reassuring to know that lisa thompson is looking out for my interests.
she has answered all my questions, addressed all my concerns and explained all my options. when changing circumstances made me unable to meet the original chapter 13 payment schedule, she was able to get it adjusted.
i highly, highly recommend lisa thompson.
peggy
twelve years of business
i utilized lisa exclusively for over 12 year through the formation of my business, day to day needs, then unfortunately, the bankruptcy and closure. she has always proven to be knowledgeable and responsive in any situation that i needed her and has a "down to earth" personality, which assisted in explaining legalese concepts. i would highly recommend her for any legal needs regarding your business.
anonymous 
extremely satisfied with the bankruptcy representation that we received from attorney lisa thompson!
during the downturn in the economy a couple of years ago my wife and i were forced to close the doors to our business and file for bankruptcy. we consulted and then immediately hired lisa thompson to represent us. her knowledge, support, punctuality and advice reassured us and made the process quite painless.
lisa is down to earth and made us feel completely at ease. anytime we needed a question answered or needed to know how to handle a situation in regards to our bankruptcy she was always available for help.
we never felt alone during the bankruptcy process, she was right by our side fighting for us the entire way. our bankruptcy is now discharged and we owe it all to lisa thompson. she was a pleasure to work with!
 stacey 
good experience
lisa thompson was very professional and thorough in her explanation of the process and created realistic expectations of the time frame and outcome of my case. she went above and beyond in answering my questions and concerns. her expertise was apparent. i would recommend ms. thompson without hesitation.
 june 
she is good at her job...
i could pay all my bills, but then i had no money to buy food and my medications. i was emotionally stressed. i found thompson law group online, called for a free consult and received an appointment right away. i met lisa and she put me at ease right away. we talked about my problems and my debt. the consult was relaxed and i didn't feel judged. lisa told me what my options were, explaining everything in a way i understood. i felt at ease and capable of making a good decision.
based on our discussion and evaluating the pros and cons, i was able to make an informed decision and hired lisa to go forward with a chapter 13 bankruptcy. she then asked me to turn everything over to her. i was to go home, relax and not worry about anything.
as instructed, i gave her all the information and documentation she required. the rest was very easy for me. she filed the case and coached me every step of the way so i knew what was happening. she did everything in a professional and efficient way. she coached me on the 341 meeting and it went as dictated. she coached me on making my monthly payments and i was able to do this online.
all through this process, lisa coached me through everything and it all happened like she said it would. it made me feel very comfortable and not intimidated. except for making my monthly payments, everything is now behind me and i can move on with my life. lisa did exactly what she said would do, she took care of everything and made the whole process painless for me. along the way, she restored my emotional stability. i would recommend lisa to any one.
doug
fantastic lawyer
lisa and shawna were extremely helpful. lisa explained each detail of the bankruptcy paperwork. she answered all my questions and helped me with my anxiety about filing. i would highly recommend her for any legal issues dealing with bankruptcy. i found and researched her name on this website and i am glad i hired her to represent me.
 anonymous 
can't say enough good things about ms. thompson
she has been my personal and corporate attorney since 1996. as you can imagine i've had multiple opportunities to use someone else. needless to say, when you get the service she provides, the communication and the education, why would you change. as you can see, i haven't. she has been with me/us through 3 different businesses. and now is a personal friend.
 rick
i have no words to describe her honesty, great services and unconditional care for her clients. very thankful.
i have no words to describe her honesty, great services and unconditional care for her clients. very thankfull to had her as my attorney. very knowledgeable and precise with her business. thank you lisa.
 maria 
our home was saved!
lisa saved our home. the bank tried to steal our home while my husband had open heart surgery. lisa forced the bank to remove $25,000 in charges and negotiated a great new loan deal. thank you lisa.
anonymous teacher






the information provided in this website is meant only as a general description of the current laws as of the date of the writing. it is not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of all the nuances of the law and is intended to be only an overview. many issues may appear simpler than they are, and an individual should always contact an attorney to obtain a complete, accurate interpretation of the law given the individual's particular circumstances. thompson law group, p.c. makes no representations as to how the law would affect a particular situation and intends only to illustrate areas of concern and give general information.




home
contact us
about us
terms & conditions
privacy policy



p.o. box 40850
tucson, arizona 85717-0850
			meetings and consults are by appointment only.
			for document drop off, please give us a call to make arrangements.
© 2025 thompsonlawgroup.com - all rights reserved.



website by macdonalddesign.com



































