














 



double glazing in kent: 1st scenic - 100+ years of expertise

















































































 

























skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window01689 829 600info@1stscenic.co.uk


1st scenic ltd


 home aboutwhy 1st scenic showroom testimonials charity areas we coverdouble glazed windowsdouble glazing in bexley double glazing bromley double glazing in beckenham double glazing in bexleyheath double glazing in biggin hill double glazing in blackheath double glazing in catford double glazing in chislehurst double glazing in dartford double glazing in dulwich double glazing in edenbridge double glazing in eltham double glazing gravesend double glazing in greenwich double glazing in lewisham double glazing in maidstone double glazing in oxted double glazing sevenoaks double glazing sidcup double glazing in swanley double glazing tonbridge double glazing tunbridge wells double glazing in welling double glazing in west malling double glazing in west wickham double glazing in westerham  doorsmade to measure doors in beckenham made to measure doors in bexley made to measure doors in bexleyheath made to measure doors in biggin hill made to measure doors in blackheath made to measure doors in bromley made to measure doors in catford made to measure doors in chislehurst made to measure doors in dartford made to measure doors in dulwich made to measure doors in edenbridge made to measure doors in eltham made to measure doors in gravesend made to measure doors in greenwich made to measure doors in maidstone made to measure doors in orpington made to measure doors in oxted made to measure doors in sevenoaks made to measure doors in sidcup made to measure doors in swanley made to measure doors in tonbridge made to measure doors in tunbridge wells made to measure doors in welling made to measure doors in west malling made to measure doors in west wickham made to measure doors in westerham  conservatoriesconservatories in beckenham conservatories in bexley conservatories in bexleyheath conservatories in biggin hill conservatories in blackheath conservatories in bromley conservatories in catford conservatories in chislehurst conservatories in dartford conservatories in dulwich conservatories in edenbridge conservatories in eltham conservatories in gravesend conservatories in greenwich conservatories kent conservatories in maidstone conservatories in orpington conservatories in oxted conservatories in sevenoaks conservatories in sidcup conservatories in swanley conservatories in tonbridge conservatories in tunbridge wells conservatories in welling conservatories in west malling conservatories in west wickham conservatories in westerham   meet the team careers blog  windowscasement windows aluminium windows bay and bow windows timber alternativesbygone windows evolution windows  sash windows tilt and turn windows  doorsaluminium doors upvc doors patio doors composite doorssolidor doorsdesign your own solidor door solidor jo downs doors  door-stop doorscomposite fire doors  hurst doors  bi-fold doors in kent french doors  conservatoriesorangeries  warm roofstiled conservatory roofs  roof lanterns roofline trade gallery get in touch free quote 



 
 home aboutwhy 1st scenic showroom testimonials charity areas we coverdouble glazed windowsdouble glazing in bexley double glazing bromley double glazing in beckenham double glazing in bexleyheath double glazing in biggin hill double glazing in blackheath double glazing in catford double glazing in chislehurst double glazing in dartford double glazing in dulwich double glazing in edenbridge double glazing in eltham double glazing gravesend double glazing in greenwich double glazing in lewisham double glazing in maidstone double glazing in oxted double glazing sevenoaks double glazing sidcup double glazing in swanley double glazing tonbridge double glazing tunbridge wells double glazing in welling double glazing in west malling double glazing in west wickham double glazing in westerham  doorsmade to measure doors in beckenham made to measure doors in bexley made to measure doors in bexleyheath made to measure doors in biggin hill made to measure doors in blackheath made to measure doors in bromley made to measure doors in catford made to measure doors in chislehurst made to measure doors in dartford made to measure doors in dulwich made to measure doors in edenbridge made to measure doors in eltham made to measure doors in gravesend made to measure doors in greenwich made to measure doors in maidstone made to measure doors in orpington made to measure doors in oxted made to measure doors in sevenoaks made to measure doors in sidcup made to measure doors in swanley made to measure doors in tonbridge made to measure doors in tunbridge wells made to measure doors in welling made to measure doors in west malling made to measure doors in west wickham made to measure doors in westerham  conservatoriesconservatories in beckenham conservatories in bexley conservatories in bexleyheath conservatories in biggin hill conservatories in blackheath conservatories in bromley conservatories in catford conservatories in chislehurst conservatories in dartford conservatories in dulwich conservatories in edenbridge conservatories in eltham conservatories in gravesend conservatories in greenwich conservatories kent conservatories in maidstone conservatories in orpington conservatories in oxted conservatories in sevenoaks conservatories in sidcup conservatories in swanley conservatories in tonbridge conservatories in tunbridge wells conservatories in welling conservatories in west malling conservatories in west wickham conservatories in westerham   meet the team careers blog  windowscasement windows aluminium windows bay and bow windows timber alternativesbygone windows evolution windows  sash windows tilt and turn windows  doorsaluminium doors upvc doors patio doors composite doorssolidor doorsdesign your own solidor door solidor jo downs doors  door-stop doorscomposite fire doors  hurst doors  bi-fold doors in kent french doors  conservatoriesorangeries  warm roofstiled conservatory roofs  roof lanterns roofline trade gallery get in touch free quote 






















 














your 1st choice for
inspiring home improvements











select a product
windows
doors
conservatories
warm roofs
roof lanterns
roofline




get a free quote
home popup form 
first namelast nametelephoneemailproductselect a product *windowsdoorsconservatorieswarm roofsroof lanternsrooflinepostcodemessagesubmit 








1st class
products






1st class
workmanship






1st class
service











windows




 





doors




 





conservatories




 





warm roofs




 





why choose 1st scenic,
for double glazing in kent
 
you can choose your new windows, doors or conservatory it’s important you get the best double glazing product for your home. we pride ourselves on listening to our customers to ensure that they get a product that matches the style of their kent property. since we were established in 2003, we have built a reputation for the best quality double glazing, high quality service and for exceptional value. we have many happy customers across the south-east including bromley, sevenoaks, sidcup, bexley, tunbridge wells and tonbridge.
we don’t have a vast administrative department, just a small, efficient team that has years of experience within the double glazing and home improvements industry. from your very first appointment until the final finishing touch, we’ll provide the knowledge, support and expertise you need to transform your home and enhance your kent living space.





take a look at our coverage area, then call us or fill in the form below to arrange your free no-obligation quote.











your free no-obligation quote for double glazing in kent is just a click away.




if you request a free quote for double glazing we promise you will be pleasantly surprised. you’ll get the highest quality product that will improve your home and may even save you money on your energy bills!
have a question? come and visit us at our high street showroom or call us now on 01689 829 600.
our phones are manned from 8am to 4pm monday to friday, you can leave a message outside of these hours or send us an email to info@1stscenic.co.uk and we will contact you as soon as possible.






home 
first namelast nameemailtelephonepostcodewhat would you like to talk to us about?what would you like to talk to us about?doorswindowsconservatoriesotherpreferred date to start the projectmessagestart your quote 





trade enquiries




our products and workmanship are chosen and trusted by fellow home improvement companies throughout the south east. they rely on us to provide the home improvement solutions that they themselves can be proud to present. their reputations rely on us – and we never let them, nor their customers down. find out how our team can work alongside yours with excellent trade packages that deliver on price point and product quality.




trade





10 year workmanship guarantee for complete peace of mind.




if you are searching for a reliable double glazing company in kent, then look no further.





we believe in knowledge and expertise, rather than pressure and sales patter




we don’t believe in drawn out meetings designed only to pressurise. we don’t employ sales people. we invest in knowledgeable, friendly estimators – consultants who come to your home to discover what you’re trying to achieve and discuss how we can exceed your expectations to delight, not merely satisfy.
we can handle every size of project – from the smallest of home improvements, to the largest of developments and our quotations are always free – free from charge and obligation; and we’ll always present our very best price first (we won’t save a cheaper quote for later if you’re unsure whether to move ahead).
we’ve come to be known for our approach – read what our happy customers have to say about this and our commitment to customer service on checkatrade.com.





what do our customers think?











upvc windows in kent
you want the best for your home, and that includes having energy-efficient windows that look great. replacing your windows can be a big investment, but it’s one that will pay off in the long run. not only will you save on your energy bills, but you’ll also be doing your part to help the environment. upvc windows from our team in kent are made to measure for your property, ensuring a perfect fit and optimal performance. we use only the highest quality materials in our windows, so you can be sure they’ll last for years to come. plus, our team provides excellent customer service – from start to finish. we’re here to help you every step of the way!
upcv windows





casement windows in kent
it can be hard to find the right windows for your home, and even harder to know that they will be built to last. windows are a big investment, and you want to be sure that you’re making the right choice. not only do they need to look good, but they also need to perform well and be made to measure so that they fit perfectly into your home. casement windows from our professional team in kent are the perfect solution. we work closely with each customer to ensure that their windows are tailored specifically to their needs, making them unique and perfect for their home. with a sleek appearance and modern performance values, these casement windows are perfect for any property.
casement windows





aluminium windows in kent
traditional windows can be a real pain to maintain and often don’t perform as well as you’d like them to. not only do our aluminium windows look great, but they also come with a range of benefits that other window types just can’t compete with. our aluminium windows are made with the latest technology to ensure that they deliver on all fronts – from keeping your home warm in the winter, to being practically silent when closed. plus, because they’re so low maintenance, you’ll never have to worry about them again!
aluminium windows





bay and bow windows in kent
you want to improve your home with a bay or bow window but don’t know where to start. adding a bay or bow window is a great way to improve the look and feel of your home, but it can be difficult to know where to start or which company to trust. 1st scenic is the solution you’re looking for. we are experts in bay and bow windows, and we’ll work with you every step of the way to create the perfect solution for your property. our tailored design approach means that we can provide the perfect package for your needs, and our reputation as leaders amongst double glazing companies means that you can trust us implicitly.
bay and bow windows





timber alternative windows in kent
while timber windows may seem like the obvious choice in terms of aesthetics, they come with a range of maintenance demands. timber windows can require a lot of upkeep to maintain their appearance and functionality. this can include painting, staining, and sealing on a regular basis. in addition, if your windows are not fitted properly, you could experience water damage and insect infestation. our timber alternative windows are the perfect solution for those who want the look of real wood timber windows without any of the associated maintenance demands. we offer a wide range of finishes and styles that are indistinguishable from real wood timber windows. plus, our products are supplied by leading brands and adhere to all conservation area guidelines.
timber alternative windows





sash windows in kent
traditional sash windows are beautiful but often don’t meet the modern needs of homeowners. while many people love the look and charm of traditional sash windows, they can be draftee and difficult to open and close. they also don’t usually have great insulation properties. sash windows from our company offer all the beauty of old-fashioned sashes, with all the benefits of modern technology. our products are made to measure, ensuring a perfect fit for your home in kent, and are highly energy efficient, helping you save money on your heating bills. plus, our sound insulation will keep out any unwanted noise from outside.
sash windows in kent





“using a member of dgcos gives you the trust, confidence and peace of mind you deserve.”
george clarke – dgcos ambassador





we are members of dgcos  the ombudsman scheme for the double glazing industry offering you extensive safeguards and protection including:


accredited installers
deposit protection
free advice line
ombudsman protection


follow this link to read more about this fantastic scheme which is designed to give you peace of mind.





a rewarding installation and a heart felt thanks




1st scenic recently donated and installed a door-stop, 4 square, slam-lock door to a deserving family from chislehurst as part of a project for the bbc one series ‘diy sos: the big build’




this installation was used as part of a life changing transformation to their home, and they kindly left this wonderful review on checkatrade:




“new door fitted for bbc diy sos project, my family were lucky recipients. this company just went above and beyond. they did not stop until everything was perfect.
we’ll forever be indebted to them, my son can finally come through his front door.
 
thank you guys!”























‘we are incredibly proud of the reputation we have built over the years – however we will never take this for granted. we promise you that we will do everything we can to ensure that you have the best experience possible when you choose 1st scenic.
we look forward to speaking with you soon.’
dave & rob





frequently asked questions about double glazing





how to clear misted double glazed windows?
unfortunately, it is not possible to clear misted double glazed windows. these will need to be replaced.




what causes condensation on double glazed windows?
condensation on the inside of double glazed windows is caused by the occupants’ lifestyle and by lack of ventilation. when condensation is on the outside, this is a sign that the window is successfully keeping the cold out.




does double glazing reduce noise?
yes, the insulation between the layers of glass helps to reduce noise. depending on the glazing option you choose, this effect can be heightened to dampen noise even more effectively.




does double glazing keep heat out?
yes, the space between the panes of glass helps to prevent heat from transferring from one side to the other. this means that heat is trapped out in warm weather and trapped in during the colder months.








our accreditations







































contact 1st scenic ltd
call us now on 01689 829 600,
or send us an email to info@1stscenic.co.uk .
start your quote














windows

casement windows
flush casement windows
aluminium windows
bay and bow windows
evolutions windows
sash windows (upvc)
tilt and turn windows
window repairs (upvc)






doors

aluminium doors
upvc doors
solidor doors
composite fire doors
bi-fold doors
french dors
door repairs
patio doors






conservatories
orangeries
warm roofs
facias soffits
roof lanterns





trade
about us

why choose 1st scenic
our showroom
our team
charity work
















we are proud sponsors of the freddie farmer foundation
the freddie farmer foundation is the charitable arm of the freddie farmer physiotherapy centre ltd
the charity was formed in 2011 to raise £250,000 to set up a specialist subsidised physiotherapy centre in south-east england for children and young people with cerebral palsy and mobility problems.
the inspiration behind it all is freddie farmer who was born at 28 weeks with cerebral palsy, weighing just 2ibs 12oz.





























































you are here:home 






 

contact information
01689 829 600
info@1stscenic.co.uk

35-37 high street, orpington, kent br6 0je





opening hours
monday to friday


8 am to 4 pm




saturday


9am -12pm




sunday


by appointment only
linksareas we cover
terms & conditions
ggf consumer code of practice
privacy policy
cookies policy
disclaimer
sitemap
 







copyright © 2025 by 1st scenic ltd. all rights reserved. website created by make me local.







design and door
call
get a quote




go to top



your free no-obligation quote... is just a click away
complete your details here and click on ‘get quote’.

appoinment popup form 
first namelast nameemail addresstelephone numberpostcodewhat would you like to talk to us about? doors windows conservatories othermessageget quote > 








we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 












































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




cookie policy




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies














cookie policy

more information about our cookie policy









enable all
save settings

 























































