



standard life | making good choices with your life savings


















































cookies
we use strictly necessary cookies when you visit our website to give you the best experience possible and to keep things secure.
we’d also like your consent to set other cookies to help us improve our website and to tailor the marketing you see.


manage settings


decline all cookies
accept all cookies




 
skip navigation






javascript is disabled in your browser and some features on this website, like the main navigation or search may not work correctly







personal



employer



adviser

 


about us



register



personal login


 












pensions & retirement








start a pension



pensions



retirement




 




get a better view of the future with solutions, support and services that could help you enjoy a retirement full of possibilities. 
 


personal pension






overview




pension transfers




investment options




charges




paying in




self-employed




 


retirement options






ways to take your money




compare retirement options




guaranteed fixed term income (annuity)




guaranteed income (annuity)




flexible income (drawdown)




 


tools






pension calculator




retirement calculator




can i reclaim tax?




retirement budget planner




financial health check




mixed income builder




 


guides






pension guides




retirement guides




pension inheritance tax




tax on pension savings




leaving my employer




 





start a pension



pensions



retirement




 




get a better view of the future with solutions, support and services that could help you enjoy a retirement full of possibilities. 
 







investments








investment home page



whether you're saving for life after retirement or want to save money for a long-term goal, our guides, products and tools can help you save efficiently for the future. 
 


funds






fund performance




sustainable multi asset




future advantage range




myfolio managed funds




with-profits




investment pathways




 


products






international bond (offshore)




tailored investment bond (onshore)




 


tools






check funds




assess your risk attitude




financial health check tool




 


guides






all investment guides




investment basics




understanding risk




what are investment bonds?




responsible investing




what are smoothed funds?




 





investment home page



whether you're saving for life after retirement or want to save money for a long-term goal, our guides, products and tools can help you save efficiently for the future. 
 







lifetime mortgages








lifetime mortgages



whether you're looking to enhance your retirement income, make home improvements or help a loved one financially, these guides and tools can help you understand if a lifetime mortgage might be right for you. 
 


overview






what is a lifetime mortgage?




customer stories




benefits, drawbacks & alternatives




 


tools






lifetime mortgage calculator




cost of borrowing




getting advice




 







lifetime mortgages



whether you're looking to enhance your retirement income, make home improvements or help a loved one financially, these guides and tools can help you understand if a lifetime mortgage might be right for you. 
 







contact & help








contact & support


financial advice


digital skills hub



whether you're an existing customer or new to standard life, we're here to help you. we have contact information, faqs and resources to help you find the support you need 
 


get in touch






contact us




notify us of a death




 


online services






mobile app & dashboard




 


supporting you






digital skills hub




cost of living




everyday money worries




physical and mental health




life changing events




accessibility




power of attorney




 


faqs






general




pensions




retirement




online servicing




investments




stay safe online




life plan




 





contact & support


financial advice


digital skills hub



whether you're an existing customer or new to standard life, we're here to help you. we have contact information, faqs and resources to help you find the support you need 
 







search
















this field is required




please don't search for personal details, such as your name or plan number
  if you're looking for information about your plan with us please log in to your online account 























javascript is disabled in your browser and some features on this website, like the main navigation or search may not work correctly






personal



employer



adviser

 








login






















this field is required














bring your pensions together into one plan 

it's easier than you think
pension transfers
consider if transferring is right for you. money invested is at risk









a trusted provider, built on nearly 200 years of experience











how can we help you today? 





i want to: 




open a pension 

combine my pensions 

check funds 

explore my withdrawal options 

get in touch 

log in to my account 

















 open a personal pension 

simple. flexible. easy to get started.





how it works



 






what our customers say 










it was so simple to transfer from my old pensions into this one. no hassle, straightforward and now i can relax knowing my future is being looked after."
- bobby (36)ballyclare



 









standard life have been amazing over the years, always keeping me informed. withdrawing money was straightforward - i was given so much information."
- mark (55)whitburn



 









the app is easy to use, fast, intuitive, and clear."
- paul (47)nottinghamshire



 








tools to get you future-ready: 












how healthy are your finances? 


assess your financial wellbeing.







financial health check



 











how could your pensions add up? 


see how much money you could have in your pension pot.







pension calculator



 











how can you take your money? 


options for accessing your money. (age 55+, age 57 from 6 april 2028)







retirement calculator



 











could you release money from your home? 


if you're a homeowner aged 55 to 84, you could get a lifetime mortgage.







lifetime mortgages



 









about standard life 












we've been around for nearly 200 years 





about us




 











working towards sustainable investing 





fund climate report



 











uk based customer call centres 





contact & support



 









the latest from us 










retirement voice 

we’ve asked more than 6,000 people to share their views towards retirement






read the report



 









moneyplus 

read the latest savings tips and insights from our team of experts who are passionate about making finances easy to understand






read articles



 









we're here to help 

find cost of living support, contact information and answers to your questions in our support hub






support hub



 
















we’re proposing to transfer a small number of policies to a company in abrdn group. 
abrdn already look after much of the day to day running of these policies. we’ve written to anyone who has a policy affected by our plans.  
read more about this.





 







part of phoenix group
proud to be part of the uk's largest long-term savings and retirement business



help and support

 about us
 contact us
 be scam aware
 

 online services

 login
 register
 

news and views

 savings tips & insights 
 latest news & reports
 media contacts
 

connect with us


























 






 accessibility
 legal information
 privacy policy
 cookie policy











 © 2025 phoenix group management services limited. all rights reserved.



provider details



this website describes products and services provided by phoenix life limited, trading as standard life, and members of the phoenix group. 
phoenix life limited, trading as standard life, is registered in england and wales (1016269) at 1 wythall green way, wythall, birmingham, b47 6wg. phoenix life limited is authorised by the prudential regulation authority and regulated by the financial conduct authority and the prudential regulation authority. 
phoenix life limited uses the standard life brand, name and logo, under licence from phoenix group management services limited.
you can find out more information about the companies providing the products and services. 
© 2025 phoenix group management services limited. all rights reserved.





















