seattle restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in seattle by diningguide
homeaboutcontactseattle restaurantsmobile versionadd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant dining search bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > seattle home pageseattle restaurantsrestaurant posts“smoking monkey pizza”“smokingmonkeypizza is widely regarded as the best restaurant in renton & seattle, offerin…”posted by: smoking monkey pizza - 1/10/2025“ice cream and candy”“located in the historic seaport of port townsend, wa, elevated ice cream co. offers a del…”posted by: elevated ice cream & candy - 11/7/2024“groovy cocktails: modern-american bar & grill”“basking in the glow of the paramount theatre marquee, the carlile room is a groovy cockta…”posted by: the carlile room - 4/21/2023restaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“bad meat”private member, gig harbor - “well the salad was good and the server was very nic…”said about: stanley and seafort's“diarrhea!!!”private member, seattle - “diarrhea. will not be going here again...the sh-ts all…”said about: taco time“sucks”private member, new york - “no orders over the phone and that is:- illegal- doesn…”said about: saba ethiopian restaurantwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's seattle diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan seattle, washington.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find seattle restaurants by location or cuisine.

ignited by chefs from far-flung corners attracted to quality area produce, wild salmon and other delights from nearby waters, seattle has become one of the nation's top cities for dining out, a place where influences from asia, france and elsewhere have marked regional cuisine. top restaurants are scattered about in assorted neighborhoods, many far from downtown, rather than being concentrated in any one place. teeming with stylish, high-end enclaves, belltown's new hotel andra, for instance, features chef tom douglas' lola, with local ingredients prepared in the greek way with plenty of charcoal-grilled, lemon-splashed entrees, small plates and appetizers. many long popular spots, along with fast food eateries, anchor the waterfront. few would dispute the notion that historic pike place market, home of world class chili, and pioneer square, home of pecos pit bbq, are seattle's prime hotspots for lunch and quick-bite snacks. many outposts in these two areas also serve dinner, among them the pink door, a restaurant-cabaret where italian food is enhanced by organic northwest vegetables. subsequent to the dot.com bust, some of the tonier survivors have reined in prices, and prix fixé dinners have become a trendy way to attract discerning patrons unwilling to mortgage themselves for a good meal. 

diningguide seattle is part of metroguide seattle, offering guides to events, shopping, hotels and more for the entire region.

seattle dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan seattle 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown seattle
restaurants downtown, including the seattle center, home of the landmark space needle, seattle university and kingdome areas 

·seattle north
restaurants to the north of the city center, including the cities of lynnwood, everett, kirkland and others 

·seattle south
dining options to the south of the city center, including tacoma and olympia, the state capital 

·surrounding communities
restaurants in the communities of mukilteo, brementon and others 

·seattle airport
dining options near the seattle - tacoma international airport (sea), located 10 miles south of downtown 

·east king county
dining options across from lake washington to the east of the city center, in cities such as bellevue 
 
seattle diningchannel® videos
 
lark
rover's
brasa
flying fish more videos >
seattle dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican - casualasianbarbequecafechinesecoffeecontinentaldinerfine diningfrenchhealthy - naturalindianinternationalirishitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicanmiddle easternnew worldnorthern italiannorthwesternpizzeriaseafoodsteak
to return to the diningguide seattle home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at seattle restaurantsdogs in a pile pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal nectar loungefri 1/24/25 enjambre latin music in concert… music - latin nectar loungefri 2/14/25 fink pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal nectar loungewed 3/5/25 jerry's middle finger live concert performance… arts - concerts nectar loungethu 4/24/25 louie the singer performing country music live… music - country & folk nectar loungesat 5/3/25 los lobos latin music in concert… music - latin the triple doorwed 2/5/25 thu 2/6/25 more...« top of pageadjacent links:diningguide portland, oregonother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide eugenediningguide salemmetroguide.network > diningguide > seattle home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide seattle are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidemore locations...full map



seattle restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesla petite maisonarcha thai bistroibiza dinner clubtoscanojerzy's wine barmehfil fine indian dininganthony's pier 66rock salt steaks & seafoodsharps roaster & ale house13 coins restaurantkolbeh persian cuisinepreet'sicon grillcoldwater bar and grillil fornaio


