




rose edin online





























welcome to
        rose edin online!

        rose edin's paintings capture the romance and beauty of scenes we may see every
        day or that she was inspired to paint from her travels. each
        image is fresh, new and original. she has a unique talent of bringing excitement to each
        and every moment, not only to those moments that come once in a lifetime! edin's compositions are brimming with variety and splashes of color. each brushstroke carries a
        hue that is muted but exact and carefully applied to enhance the overall image. her light
        touch captures a softness that few can match.
rose has had a number of books published by walter foster 
        publishing of california.  the art of watercolor is a large comprehensive 
        watercolor book co-authored with six other artists. 
 a new book by rose 
        and dee jepsen is published by north light, the largest art book 
        publisher in the country, is called "color harmonies - paint 
        watercolors filled with light" and is currently available at 
		noth light bookstores or at amazon.com. it is also translated and sold 
		in china.
 rose holds signature membership in the the american
        watercolor society (aws), the national 
        watercolor society (nws), and the transparent watercolor society of
        america (twsa).  rose has been awarded 
        "master" status in the twsa. she has received two distinct
        awards in the american 
        watercolor society, first place in the 
        animal/wildlife division of the artist magazine's annual international art
        competition, invited to exhibit in the shanghai invitional watercolor
        exhibition, has had a painting in the book, splash and has had her work
        on the cover as well as two major articles in the french magazine: the
        art of watercolour - 2013 and 2014..

 
  






           


"cosmos"


"king of the hill"


 rose and stan edin


 


         

         


learn how to use color to achieve a lively, glowing 
        effect in your paintings. by keeping palette mixing to a  minimum 
        and applying other simple but effective tricks, you'll create sparkling 
        passages of  color that attract your viewer's eye, engage 
        imagination and make your paintings 'sing'!
the book has a number of demonstrations that 
        illustrate the step-by-step creation of stunning light-filled paintings 
        along with gorgeous landscape, flower and figure paintings. the book 
        also includes expert advice on drawing and composition, adding texture 
        and interest, making the most of light and shadow and more!
the 128 page book is available through
        north light books, 
        
        barnes and noble, and
        
        amazon. it is also now translated into chineese ans sold in china.
a quote from an e-mail to rose: "wow! i  
        love, love, love the book. incredible luminosity. the colors not only 
        sing, its a whole opera! it looks  like a bright light shining 
        behind the paintings."
gallery


		gallery 
		-serendipity 
		art gallery,
		

		4464 
		main st, pequot lakes, mn 56472 (jackpine center), 218-251-5078 
		jennifer sommerness is the delightful owner. 
		i have 17 paintings displayed in this beautiful gallery in the 
		heart  of minnesota lake 
		country!
 
















"beauty and the beast"
        at the giza pyramids near cairo, egypt
winner of the high winds medal and award at the 2011 american watercolor 
        society annual art competition
featured
        in the traveling show for the american watercolor society 2011 -2012.
exhibited in the shanghai biennial watercolor exhibition, shanghai,
        china 2012
featured on the cover of the french magazine; the art of watercolor
        2013
first place winner in the animal/wildlife division of the artist magazine's
        international competition in 2011
         

"portofino"

"lunch break"

"out of egypt"

"varenna"

"mykonos"
winner of the barse miller memorial award at the 2014 american watercolor 
        society annual art competition
and show in new york city. featured in the traveling show with the
        american watercolor society - 2014
.

"market place"
late in the afternoon this market place in india was about to fold 
		up.  the strong sun was hitting some of the baskets making a very 
		interesting subjecct to paint.this painting was a winner in the french 
		magazine, the art of watercolour competition . this magazine is sold in 
		37 countries.
a 2017 winner at the venice, florida art show and featured in the 
		american watercolour society exhibitionin 2017.
         

"antiquity"
inspired by the ruins on the greek island of delos and the site of 
		akrotiri on the island of santorini.
accepted into the 2016 tranparent watercolor society of america annual 
		show.
         

"birds of a feather"
inspired by a scene in honduras.
john singer sargent  award winner at the 2015 transparent 
		watercolor society of america annual show.


"gabrielle"
sorrento harbor has a variety of boats. the fisherman who owned this 
		beautiful boat celebrated the use of color and dedicated the boat to his 
		wife, gabrielle.

"flamingo folly"

walking along the street in the caribbean island of bonair i came  
		upon this delightful boutique window!
         

         "riomaggiori "
the five towns on the italian riviera are called cinque terre. at 
		the bottom of this narrow street of riomaggiore, hundreds of boats are 
		pulled up. by following the path you can visit the other beautiful 
		towns.
         

"red chickens"
		

these colorful birds were photographed in switzerland. they were 
		very proud of their color! 


"pellicans"
         

"summer pasture"
 high in the alps one comes upon some fantastic scenes! one 
		fall we were privileged to wait in our car by the side of the road when 
		the cows were taken down from the high country.


"the tour guide" 

it rained a good deal of the time when we were on the island of 
		sicily. our tour leader was bound to get his information to us, rain or 
		shine! some of the group preferred to see the sights!!
         

"ravello"
a path in the villa
        cimbrone grounds in amalfi coast italian village of ravello
included in
        the north light book "splash 14. the best of watercolor" 
        2014 the volume is subtitled :
        "light and color" and each painting is accompanied by a
        caption that shows readers something about each artist's processes
        pertaining to the theme of light and color. 
 


"obidos"
a quiet street in the old city
        of obidos, portugal
 


"dubrovnik"
the harbor of the old city of dubrovnik, croatia.
         

"sunflower"
         

"lilies"
         

"sorrento"
an evening scene in the narrow
        streets of sorrento, italy.
 

"
        after the catch"
a fisherman mending his nets in
        the harbor of alexandria, egypt.
 

"bellagio
        boutique"
a boutique window in the town
        of bellagio on lake como, italy.
 


"high country"
this abandoned farmstead lies in a beautiful tranquil alpine meadow high 
        above zermat, switzerland.
         
"merchant
        of mostar"
this merchant is eating his
        lunch as he waits for customers in mostar, bosnia-herzegovina.

         
         
"feluccas on the nile"
near aswan in upper egypt, feluccas sail the nile.


"poppies"


"contentment"
near brienz, switzerland

"pastoral"
contented
        cows near brienz, switzerland












        for more information, email rose at: 
        roseedin@gmail.com













                            
              
    ï¿½ 1997 edin
    originals 




         


