







marina's sims – downloads for sims 1 – sims 2 – sims 3 – sims 4



















skip to content



marina's sims














sims 1 downloads ready 
posted on november 25, 2018 by marina 


i’ve updated my old sims 1 pages to match the general layout using posts instead of static pages. many people still play sims 1 and enjoy using custom made content, i hope it will be easier now to navigate this section. the original sims 1 are still avaliable. the link to the main sims 1 […]


posted in news, sims 1tagged sims 1leave a comment on sims 1 downloads ready 



the castle (i) – medieval set – sims 1 
posted on june 28, 2019 by marina 


the medieval set i’ve just made some new medieval gothic 2 tiled archway doors. one with a single arch and other with base support columns. they come in 4 textures to match some medieval themes. they are normal doors and you need super star to make them work. medieval gotich archway doors – light beige […]


posted in medieval set, sims 1, the castletagged sims 1leave a comment on the castle (i) – medieval set – sims 1 



the castle (ii) – medieval set – sims 1 
posted on june 28, 2019 by marina 


single windows (ll required) (dropable when walls are down) download (dropable when walls are down) download (dropable when walls are down) download   double windows (dropable when walls are down) download (dropable when walls are down) download (dropable when walls are down) download . full wall windows (hp needed) (dropable when walls are down)download (dropable […]


posted in medieval set, sims 1, the castletagged sims 1leave a comment on the castle (ii) – medieval set – sims 1 



the castle (iii) – medieval set – sims 1 
posted on june 27, 2019 by marina 


castle tower with almena tower with the “almena” at the second floor tower made with the “almena” and corners detail of part of the almena with a corner the corner is a working light (dropable when walls are down) download tower someone asked me if i could make the towers be placed as if they […]


posted in medieval set, sims 1, the castletagged sims 1leave a comment on the castle (iii) – medieval set – sims 1 



tower tips medieval set sims 1 
posted on june 27, 2019 by marina 


here are some tips on building your tower and your almena. tower with the almena on the first floor make a 3×3 wall on the first floor and put the almena walls beside it at the second floor use any floor you want. put the tower over the floor. please note that the tower is […]


posted in medieval set, sims 1, the castletagged sims 1leave a comment on tower tips medieval set sims 1 



the castle (iv) – medieval set – sims 1 
posted on june 27, 2019 by marina 


lamps download download   (ll) download lamp for ll download lamp for hd download ll canopy throne (ll required) table and chair from sims interior designs download


posted in medieval set, sims 1, the castletagged sims 1leave a comment on the castle (iv) – medieval set – sims 1 


posts navigation
older posts
 



categories

help

news

sims 1

families

floors

heather

home project

build

garden

pool

walls



houses

medieval set

kirarochelle houses

pictures

shelly's skins

the castle

the chapel

the tabern



objects

build

decorative

misc

outside

study

virginia



walls



sims 2

floors – suelos

heather

houses – casas

objects – objetos

build – construcción

decorative – decorativo

medieval

outside – exterior

various – varios

victorian – victoriano



walls – recubrimientos pared



sims 3

houses – casas

paintings – cuadros

terrains – terrenos



sims 4

houses

walls




archive archive

select month
 june 2019 
 november 2018 
 november 2014 
 october 2014 
 october 2009 
 september 2009 
 august 2009 
 june 2009 
 april 2009 


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org








			proudly powered by tryvary.		




