




website design and instant quote for your granite business

































nmgranite.com
website design and instant quote for your granite business.
    


home
solutions

instant quote system
granite web design


contact









 





instant quote system
 prices start from $49/m  easy integration with your site  free setup - limited time offer! no long term contracts
read more





granite & marble web design
 domain registration & renewal  rock solid hosting  cms included simple pricing, no surprises
read more









website design and instant quote for your granite business


 
did you know that the estimated u.s. retail e-commerce sales for the first quarter of 2013 totaled over $61 billion? and that number keeps on increasing every quarter. overwhelmed? don’t be, we are here to help you get a piece of that $61.2 billion.
 
we’ve been in business long enough to know that instant online quote system is what people are attracted to. our online quote service, not only will make your business stand out but it will also decrease the time you spend on talking to people that are not serious buyers.
 
in order to serve you better, we eliminated huge up-front costs related to creating and setting up a new online quote service and instead we offer our services for a fixed, low, monthly service fee.
 
for more details and to view a demo site, call or email us today.
 
top reasons to get instant online quote for your site


improve your customer service and increase your sales with an instant online quote service
take advantage of your online presence
quote service specifically designed to fit your needs
no huge up-front fees
low monthly service fee


 
for more details and to view a demo site, call or email us today.





instant quote system

 end user demo request full demo

















what's new




 created: mon 26th aug 2013
 by tom

live demo of instant quote system available






 created: mon 26th aug 2013
 by tom

launching new site!




contact us!

new media group, inc.
p: 773.599.3222
e: cs@nmgranite.com
a: po box 31974 chicago il 60631


follow us on
 twitter  facebook  linkedin  google +




developed by 123prosite.com | copyright 2013 © new media group, inc.




























