






kamuk – private label sauce manufacturer

































































 






productshot pepper sauce
marinade
dipping sauce
ketchup
mayonnaise
spread & creamy sauces
dressing
pour-on
bbq
wing sauce
 





peppersjalapeño
chipotle
cayenne
tabasco
scotch bonnet
habanero
ghost
scorpion
carolina reaper
 




 


 menu

products
peppers
container specifications
news
español













 




my account

contact us














private label sauce manufacturer




alimentos kamuk is a private label co-packer and exporter of hot and specialty sauces from costa rica.





















it all starts with an idea, your idea!




you imagine, we produce


hot pepper sauce
marinade
dipping sauce
ketchup
mayonnaise
spread & creamy sauces
dressing
pour-on
bbq
wing sauce



















a little bit more about our specialty…




peppers!





we grow our own peppers locally!


 

jalapeñochipotle cayennetabasco scotch bonnethabanero ghostcarolina reaper scorpion 




















we export to over 15
markets around the world


let's make your recipe come to life!contact us









why us


our own satisfied clients are the best reason for choosing kamuk! we manufacture sauces for dozens of prestigious companies all over the world on a daily basis. they have become accustomed to kamuk’s:


 


 


excellent quality





 


abundance and variety of natural ingredients





 


reliable delivery dates





 


competitive prices





 


oversight of peppers from seed to processing





 


knowledgeable personnel in agriculture, manufacturing and exports





 


excellent reputation with first class customers





 


good stock of top quality peppers





 


expertise to develop or duplicate hot sauces and other products upon request





 


expertise to develop or duplicate hot sauces and other products upon request












certifications










 


 


we have great news!
hi there! we are happy to announce our renewed website.
here you will find all you need to know about us and, available products and fresh peppers.
if you are one of our current clients, go to sign in to check the available tools we have designed for you
make sure to check our blog so you don’t miss any news.

read more






 


did you know you can create your own wing sauce in kamuk?
looking for the perfect wing sauce? you can design it yourself.
choose from all our fresh pepper varieties and spices to create the perfect mix. you can also choose the heat level you desire, from mild to super hot.
bringing your wing sauces ideas to life!

read more






 


check this success story from one of our customers: blue marble brands
as consumers continue to seek out additional avenues for layering flavor into their culinary creations, blue marble woodstock® introduced to the us market a new line of bold hot sauces created by kamuk. 
this sauces range from 1,790 to 57,000 scoville units, are non-gmo project verified®, and contain no added sugars. 
source: united natural foods, inc.
https://ir.unfi.com/news/press-release-details/2021/woodstock-introduces-new-line-of-bold-hot-sauces/default.aspx

read more




 










 private label sauce manufacturer
alimentos kamuk is a private label co-packer and exporter of hot and specialty sauces from costa rica.

 

contact commercial & sales department commercial@kamukcr.com tel. +506.2574.6203 ext. 3521 / 3522 / 3507 po box 112-7100 cartago, costa rica

 

container specifications
contact us
food safety policy
español
 







 kamuk, costa rica © 2021. todos los derechos reservados.

 protected by google recaptcha – see terms

 












 








 



























