

custom clothing, tailoring and alterations for men and women by covenant brothers of oklahoma city.
  










 
 



 

 



 





   
fine clothing & accessories from
						 covenant brothers tailor
it's about more than clothing.
						 it's simplifying your life.




 


 













 











  
get ready for fall and winter










business dress, 




corporate casual, 




formal wear, 




vacation/resort wear




 



 

 come check out our new looks for the season!
 








  
whatever your need, wherever your destination, we've got the clothes for you.  arrive looking your best.
at covenant brothers, our primary concerns are quality and service.  clothes are about more than looking good.   we offer the highest quality work to ensure each person has their personal needs attended to.  some people like to tell us precisely what they want.  and we always do our best to meet their exact specifications.  others may not have the time nor the desire to shop for clothing  and consider going from one store to another a chore.   we can help with this too.
to serve you better we can accommodate your schedule in a number of ways.







 











 come by our store.   our normal business hours are monday through friday 10am-6pm and saturday 10am-2pm.  available by phone from 8:30 am to 7:30 pm.  voice mail is checked often, please leave a message anytime.  see the bottom of this page for a map to our store.
									 



 make an appointment with us.  what some people call "normal business hours" may not be normal or convenient for you.  so let us know when would fit your schedule, and we will try to accommodate your needs.
									 



 available for home or office visits.  we have served clients on location in tulsa, muskogee, joplin, dallas, indianapolis, houston and all places in between. 
									 




delivery: we ship ups daily, and delivery usually takes only one day within oklahoma or two days within the southwestern united states .
									 



 

 
we invite you to visit our shoppe in the  founders tower lobby. 
we have the whole 9 yards. 






 









 



  









christopher lopes
						founders tower lobby
						5900 mosteller drive
						oklahoma city, oklahoma 73112


office: (405) 842-4671

						e-mail: chris@covbros.com




 











 

 
 
			click on the map to see a full screen image. 
 

 












 
 


 
 



  
covenant brothers, inc.
founders tower lobby
			5900 mosteller drive suite 7
			oklahoma city, oklahoma 73112
office:  (405) 842-4671
e-mail:  chris@covbros.com
 
copyright ©  1999-2020 covenant brothers, inc.    all rights reserved.
 
this site is designed, hosted, and maintained by web site spinners, inc.
			 access programming by business information management, inc.
  
 
 





