


































































waterloo-cedar falls courier | breaking news | read cedar falls, ia and iowa breaking news. get latest news, events and information on iowa sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















0°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



education



politics



state & regional



nation & world



business



public records



call the courier



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists



cartoons




sports


cedar valley preps



college



waterloo black hawks



blogs



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



local



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



celebrations



food



health



get healthy



home & garden



parenting



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



business monthly


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









0°
clear
























        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa men’s basketball: hawkeyes’ road woes return in second half

a second-half meltdown spoiled a promising upset bid for iowa men's basketball on the road against no. 25 maryland on sunday. the hawkeyes dropped to 5-9 in big ten action.

















        
        
            college wresling: uni sets attendance mark, pin iowa state

the panthers won seven of 10 matches, including national champion parker keckeisen's 50th consecutive win, a technical fall. 


















        
        
            photos: northern iowa vs. iowa state wrestling, 2-16-25

northern iowa hosted iowa state at a sold-out mcleod center of more than 7,348 sunday. the largest crowd in mcleod center history. the panthers won seven of 10 matches to beat iowa state for the first time since the 2018-19 season.  

















        
        
            impact church of hope holiding community soul food dinner tuesday

impact church of hope has announced its annual community soul food dinner.

















        
        
            college wrestling: farber has helped ignite uni's rise

the red-shirt junior from georgia has won eight straight matches, six of them by bonus as the panthers have risen from no. 10 in the country to no. 4. 

















        
        
            wsr (10), cf, columbus, east and west have state wrestling qualifiers

waterloo east qualified five wrestlers as the metro will be sending 10 total wrestlers to wells fargo arena. 

















        
        
            high school boys wrestling: bohnsack, hedeman standard bearers for union

the knight duo has 361 individual wins combined, six state medals, five championship match appearances and four state titles.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            high school wrestling: district results for ne iowa teams


















        
        
            wsr (10), cf, columbus, east and west have state wrestling qualifiers


















        
        
            neighbors petition cedar falls council for another hearing on revitalization area















                
                the latest



















        
        
            waterloo and cedar falls neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in the courier. 




















        
        
            update: extreme cold watch affecting iowa tuesday

on sunday at 8:10 p.m. the national weather service issued an updated extreme cold watch valid for tuesday between midnight and noon. the watch is for mason city and waterloo-cedar falls as well as emmet, kossuth, winnebago, worth, palo alto, hancock, pocahontas, humboldt, wright, franklin, …




















        
        
            update: cold weather advisory affecting iowa monday

an updated cold weather advisory was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 8:10 p.m. valid for monday between midnight and noon. the advisory is for mason city and waterloo-cedar falls as well as emmet, kossuth, winnebago, worth, palo alto, hancock, pocahontas, humboldt, wright…





















        
        
            waterloo and cedar falls neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in the courier. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            video: uni's colin realbuto talks motivation




















        
        
            video: colin realbuto over paniro johnson




















        
        
            video: waverly-shell rock state champion bas diaz ready for last tournament




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.





















        
        
            tj otzelberger press conference | iowa state basketball | feb. 13

iowa state basketball coach tj otzelberger goes on a "rant" thanking iowa state fans for their support and sharing his reflections about the team on the plane ride back from a win at ucf. (ben hutchens/the quad-city times) 













                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: iowa women's club hockey falls to iowa state

the iowa women's club hockey team fell to iowa state in one-goal game on saturday. see photos from the game. 🏒 




















        
        
            iowa state's rebounding physicality creates a simple winning strategy

the first half appeared to point towards an offensive shootout between two of the big 12's top defensive teams. midway through the half, iowa state's defensive identity emerged.




















        
        
            'divine intervention' helped cedar falls native get into coaching, back to iowa women's hoops

randi henderson never anticipated a future in coaching neither when she left cedar falls high school in 1997 nor when she departed iowa in 2001. it found her another way.




















        
        
            what did jan jensen tell iowa to power through foul trouble, beat nebraska?

the iowa women's basketball team battled through foul trouble to beat nebraska in lincoln on monday night behind another standout performance from transfer guard lucy olsen.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            st paul evangelical lutheran church lca



                                        2812 willow ln, cedar falls, ia 50613
                                    




















        
        
            quail auto salvage & sales



                                        202 glendale st, waterloo, ia 50703
                                    




















        
        
            sonrise christian school and daycare



                                        928 jefferson st., waterloo, ia 50702
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


call the courier

e-edition

email updates

events calendar

text alerts

cedarvalleyinclusion.com

get healthy




services


activate full access

advertise with us

contact us

job search

start a subscription

customer service

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the courier, 6915 chancellor drive, suite b cedar falls, ia 50613
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























