








sankosha usa























 






   search 




















 call or email 

(847) 427-9120  
info@sankosha-inc.com
 














 

 





home


about ▾


about sankosha


history


team


testimonials




products ▾


equipment


parts


videos


machine cut sheets


brochures


warranty




events



news


contact














 search for:   search 





















 welcome to sankoshausa 
sankosha has built a rock hard reputation worldwide on some basic business principles; integrity, innovation and customer satisfaction. our products are known to provide labor-saving design coupled with seamless longevity to provide our customers with years of satisfaction.
 about us 








 about sankoshausa 
at sankosha, we are striving to continue the exceptional level of overall customer satisfaction established by mr. mitsuyuki uchikoshi when he began business in this industry in 1968. 




  


 we are professionals 
sankosha aims to be the industry leading company for profit and operational satisfaction in the laundry and dry cleaning industry.




  


 we are trusted 
the sankosha group supplies the products and services that maintain profit and operational satisfaction to our customers in the industry and their factories.




  


 we are experts 
the advantage of the sankosha group is that we can see our customer's faces. the sankosha group will achieve its mission with strong relationships in the industry eventually attaining no. 1 market share in the world.










 featured products 





 

 laundry equipment 



 

 dry cleaning equipment 



 

 bagging machines 



 

 hot head press 




 go to products 








  
  
  
  
  




 lisa hiebert best care dry cleaners 

thank you for the quality machinery you produce and for the excellent customer service you provide!



 jan caon barlow jan's professional dry cleaners 

this addition has saved my company time, money and labor.



 steve grashoff president of peerless cleaners and crdn of northern indiana 

i would only put my trust in sankosha for quality and service.



 steven toltz president of dependable cleaners 

it’s a one time investment that pays dividends daily.



 paula kostick classic drycleaners & laundromats 

switching to them has made a huge impact on our business, keeping excellent quality with minimal touch ups, and a huge increase in our productivity.



 view testimonials 









 sankosha usa latest news 


 


 sankosha usa, inc. announces newest hire  
jeff quail was introduced to the garment care industry in 1984 when he began working as a suit presser for president tuxedo, a tuxedo rental company.
 read more 



 



 2023 marks the 30th anniversary for sankosha usa, inc. 
our founder, mitsuyuki uchikoshi began, as a dry cleaner. running a cleaning store, his eyes always went toward one thing – the pressing machines.
 read more 



 



 sankosha celebrated its 45th anniversary 
















why us?
sankosha manufactures machines to be sophisticatedly simple for the garment care industry.
our goal is for our customers to be able to produce the finest quality pressed product while experiencing our unparalleled reliability.





latest news


 sankosha usa, inc. announces newest hire 




 2023 marks the 30th anniversary for sankosha usa, inc. 



 sankosha celebrated its 45th anniversary 







contact us
1901 landmeier roadelk grove village, il 60007

  (847) 427-9120
  www.sankosha-inc.com 
  info@sankosha-inc.com 





stay tuned

  
 facebook 


  
 twitter 


  
 youtube 













								copyright ©  2025. sankosha inc. all rights reserved. designed by: becreative360













