









home - alexandria-washington lodge no. 22

























































































 


































follow us














homeabout

aw22 historyofficerspast mastershistorical documentsgeorge washington penknifewashington trowelmental health initiative

mental health awarenessanxietybipolar disorderborderline personality disorderdepressionobsessive-compulsive disorderpost-traumatic stress disorderpsychosisschizophreniasuicide 

for members

member portaltrestleboardspay your duespayment for the degreesdonate
gift shopgallerynews & events

newsupcoming eventsaw22 blog
contact usdonate 






































blog











the scythe

read more

october 31, 2024











the square and compasses

read more

august 5, 2024











supporting the temple from within: addressing mental health as freemasons

read more

may 10, 2024











the multiple meanings of the cable-tow

read more

march 4, 2024









welcome to alexandria-washington lodge no. 22 a.f. & a.m
the lodge meets on the 2nd thursday of each month at 7:30 pm in the south lodge room at the george washington masonic national memorial in alexandria, virginia.
trestleboards









latest news and events





author lecture and book signing
                               you are invited to an author’s lecture and book signing brother lafayette, by bro. chris ruli sunday, august 18, 2024 two o’clock in the afternoon alexandria - washington lodge gift shop george washington masonic national memorial event included with memorial admission. purchase admission in advance at gwmemorial.org. purchase tickets here in 1824, the united states [...]                            view details





aw22 presents the 2022 community builders award
on tuesday, october 25th, denislav dantev, worshipful master of alexandria- washington lodge no. 22, presented the 2022 aw22 community builders award to mayor justin wilson and brooke curran, president and ceo of move2learn. wor. dantev was accompanied by the deputy grand master, don strehle and the district deputy grand master for masonic district 1a, dan […]
view details





alexandria-washington lodge no. 22 recognizes outstanding community service with prestigious award
[alexandria, va] — september 8, 2023 — alexandria-washington lodge no. 22 is proud to announce the recipient of this year’s prestigious community builders award. this distinguished honor is bestowed upon individuals or organizations that have made exceptional contributions to our community, embodying the masonic principles of fellowship, charity, and community service. the lodge is pleased […]
view details





aw22 hosts events in support of the gwmnm cornerstone centennial celebration
alexandria, va – aw22 launches a full schedule of events in support of the george washington masonic national memorial as it celebrates this once in a generation masonic event. visit our event page for information on how to register for these events. schedule of events (full schedule here) february 17: welcome reception aw22 welcome communication […]
view details









 become a mason pay your dues browse our gift shop
 








  101 callahan dr.,  alexandria, va. 22301-2751

quick links home
trestleboards
donate
officers
george washington penknife
gift shop
past masters
historical documents
gallery
become a mason
contact us



follow us on













copyright © alexandria-washington lodge no. 22, af&am site map  | privacy policy


powered by autoweb technologies web services













homeabout▼aw22 historyofficerspast mastershistorical documentsgeorge washington penknifewashington trowelmental health initiative▼mental health awarenessanxietybipolar disorderborderline personality disorderdepressionobsessive-compulsive disorderpost-traumatic stress disorderpsychosisschizophreniasuicidefor members▼member portaltrestleboardspay your duespayment for the degreesdonategift shopgallerynews & events▼newsupcoming eventsaw22 blogcontact usdonate 


































