




not all who wander are lost — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































aika_hanyou
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














aika_hanyou







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









wandering ink.
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            not all who wander are lost
        

            getting myself utterly and hopelessly misplaced since 1991
        




october 2007 123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031






21 october 2007 @ 02:58 pm
books meme~  


finally, a literary meme! :onot cutting it 'cause it's not too long... these are the top 106 books most often marked as "unread" by librarything's users.- bold what you have read- italicise what you started but couldn't finish- strike through what you couldn't stand- * add an asterisk to those you've read more than once- underline those on your to-read list.1)jonathan strange & mr norrell2)anna karenina* 3)crime and punishment - love it!4)catch-225)one hundred years of solitude6)wuthering heights7)the silmarillion8)life of pi : a novel9)the name of the rose10)don quixote11)moby dick12)ulysses13)madame bovary14)the odyssey15)pride and prejudice16)jane eyre17)a tale of two cities* 18)the brothers karamazov - this is the best book in the history of ever!!19)guns, germs, and steel: the fates of human societies20)war and peace21)vanity fair22)the time traveler's wife23)the iliad24)emma25)the blind assassin26)the kite runner27)mrs. dalloway28)great expectations29)american gods30)a heartbreaking work of staggering genius31)atlas shrugged32)reading lolita in tehran : a memoir in books33)memoirs of a geisha34)middlesex35)quicksilver36)wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the west37)the canterbury tales38)the historian : a novel39)a portrait of the artist as a young man40)love in the time of cholera* 41)brave new world42)the fountainhead43)foucault's pendulum44)middlemarch45)frankenstein* 46)the count of monte cristo47)dracula48)a clockwork orange49)anansi boys50)the once and future king51)the grapes of wrath52)the poisonwood bible : a novel* 53)1984 - wicked.* 54)angels & demons55)the inferno - i actually own it... seriously...56)the satanic verses57)sense and sensibility* 58)the picture of dorian gray59)mansfield park60)one flew over the cuckoo's nest61)to the lighthouse62)tess of the d'urbervilles63)oliver twist64)gulliver's travels65)les misérables66)the corrections67)the amazing adventures of kavalier and clay68)the curious incident of the dog in the night-time69)dune - sorry... i just don't like it...70)the prince71)the sound and the fury72)angela's ashes : a memoir73)the god of small things74)a people's history of the united states : 1492-present75)cryptonomicon76)neverwhere77)a confederacy of dunces78)a short history of nearly everything79)dubliners80)the unbearable lightness of being81)beloved82)slaughterhouse-five - i want to read this so badly!!83)the scarlet letter84)eats, shoots & leaves85)the mists of avalon86)oryx and crake : a novel87)collapse : how societies choose to fail or succeed88)cloud atlas89)the confusion90)lolita91)persuasion92)northanger abbey93)the catcher in the rye94)on the road95)the hunchback of notre dame* 96)freakonomics : a rogue economist explores the hidden side of everything - pffft, not only have i read it, i read their blog every morning ;p97)zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance : an inquiry into values98)the aeneid99)watership down100)gravity's rainbow101)the hobbit102)in cold blood : a true account of a multiple murder and its consequences103)white teeth104)treasure island105)david copperfield106)the three musketeersnot as much as i thought it would be, but i dunno, i think i'm reasonably well-read...tags: meme   
current location: dad's housecurrent mood: apathetic
 
3 comments | leave a comment




 


29 september 2007 @ 05:41 pm
what luck!  


i've been looking everywhere for a copy of my school schedule (....because dad accidentally threw mine out) and i found the one i put up on lj a few weeks ago.  :o  how lucky am i?i needed to know which block i had chinese in next term because now i don't.  my chinese is teh suck, so my teacher suggested that instead of taking the chinese standard level exam this year, i take the chinese ab initio exam next year.ib has different types of language exams:ab initio - the easiest exam, for students who have had no experience in the language until high school (like me)standard level (sl) - the middle exam, for students who've had some experience in their language before high school or are native speakershigher level (hl) - the "omfgevilhard!!" exam for fluent students who have spoken that language since birthso now i'm taking the ab initio next year instead of the sl this year, and i have a free block next term that i have to fill.  i get to choose a new class to put in either block 2 or block 3!  i'm hoping for ib computer science or law, but it all depends on what's free...tags: ib, school   
current location: dad's housecurrent mood: boredcurrent music: skeptics guide to the universe podcast - episode 114
 
leave a comment




 


 



28 september 2007 @ 06:42 pm
because... it's so amusing....  


so today i was chatting with my chemistry lab partner, mike, and (somehow?) we got to talking about negative personality traits.  my stubbornness came up, and i thought i was only fairly stubborn, but apparently not. xd;  he insisted that i was an extremely stubborn person, which i wouldn't have thought about myself.  so i did a poll with three of my friends..."on a scale of 1 to 10, how ... am i?"stubborn: 10, 10, and 11aggressive: 9, 9.5, and 9.999 (xd)intimidating: 0, 0, and 10silly: 10, 10, and 11.5which is funny, because this morning when i was talking with mr truss and introduced him to lolcats on his laptop, he said he was shocked that i was so amused by them.  he said it was a relief that i wasn't "just into the news and politics and books and stuff."  but when i first revealed my love of lolcats, he just about shouted (mocking): "aah, you're ruining my image of you as the serious, brooding intellectual!"i'm a serious, brooding intellectual? xd  diana gave me a 11.5 on the 1-10 silliness scale...but anyway, i stole a disney princess meme from yugisgirl1!( three-way tie between jasmine, mulan, and almost belle. :ocollapse )tags: meme, personal, school   
current location: dad's housecurrent mood: blankcurrent music: my brother and his friends shouting...
 
leave a comment




 


25 september 2007 @ 08:24 pm
meme~  


guess who spent 6 hours in transit yesterday (monday) coming home from vancouver island?  yup, c'est moi.  i wanted to be back mid-day so i could make it to fourth period and take my chem quiz... but it was not meant to be.  i left my island home at 5am and walked in the front door of my mainland home at 11am.  still mid-day, but i had a monster of a chemistry lab to write up that i wasn't able to do on the island (no internet access, and research was involved).  i had to rest before i typed it up, i had had less than two hours of sleep, no coffee, and was effectively mentally dead.  so i slept for 45min, worked for an hour and a half, blitzed my way out the door and barely caught the bus, handed in my lab, then ended up having to write my chem quiz on the spot. dx  of course, having 2 hours of sleep and traveling for six hours since 5am, my mind was in no shape to write a quiz and i pretty much just stared at it for an hour dx  oh well, i got to roadtrip to tofino over the weekend, home of surfing in bc! total hippy town.  also, i almost got killed by a monster wave in ucluelet (an hour or so south of tofino).  i was caught in sort of a rocky canyon by the ocean and saw a wave bigger than i was rushing towards me, and of course these things can kill you, no joke.  someone at my parents' church had his neck and back broken by a rogue wave around this area.  i escaped though, obviously... @__@ managed to scramble up the cliff just in time.  my mom saw the whole thing and was freaking out. xd;can it be meme tiem naow plz?1. pick the month of your birth.2. bold the 5-10 things that most apply to you3. strike out everything that doesn't apply to you.4. place the list of all the months under a cut5. tag 6 people from your friends list to do the same. consider yourselves all tagged!december:loyal and generous. sexy. patriotic. active in games and interactions. impatient and hasty. ambitious. influential in organizations. fun to be with. loves to socialize. loves praises. loves attention. loves to be loved. honest and trustworthy. not pretending. short tempered. changing personality. not egotistic. take high pride in oneself. hates restrictions. loves to joke. good sense of humor. logical.these were rhia's choices, not mine, btw... but according to her i'm also sexy ._.  um..... okaaaayyyyy.... never would have used that to describe myself, ever... but she says it has been so since puberty.  liek woah? ._.( other monthscollapse )tags: daytrip, holiday, meme, school   
current location: dad's housecurrent mood: amusedcurrent music: none
 
leave a comment




 


 



18 september 2007 @ 08:29 pm
all hail the voice of dissent!  


xd yes, so apparently i'm the official "voice of dissent" in my biology class...first off, our bio teacher is whack.  she talks about meaningless crap for the whole class and then expects us to automatically know everything she didn't teach us.  it's... pretty pathetic, actually, but it was at least tolerable.  extremely extremely painful, but tolerable, at least as long as i had other homework to do and books to read during that class.then, she started feeding us false information and not answering our questions correctly!in the assigned reading last night, we read about a scientist who disproved the theory of spontaneous generation (that life can come from non-life).  so... this morning... she gives in-class notes that tell us he was the guy who created the idea of spontaneous generation!of course, i never just sit there and take bullshit, so i interrupted and asked her why our textbook said that he was the guy who disproved spontaneous generation."well, yes, but before he did that, he came up with it."wtf?  the textbook itself said that he had set out to disprove two scientists before him who had "proved" spontaneous generation.but of course she didn't listen.so ten minutes later when she moves on to something else, my classmate tim snuck over to my desk and told me to bring it up again.  he had the exact quote from the textbook that proved she was wrong and told me he would back me up.  why didn't he do it himself?  'cause he was scared and apparently i have a reputation for being the one who stands up to teachers in class.not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing...i never try to be rude or arrogant about it, but i guess i can come across like it sometimes.  so many others just sit and absorb everything, and are afraid to say anything when they disagree... like teachers are gods or something.  w/e, man.  they can be sponge-like zombies if they want, i don't sit there and take bullshit.tags: school   
current location: mom's apartmentcurrent mood: aggravatedcurrent music: futurama on tv
 
leave a comment




 


 



15 september 2007 @ 09:57 pm
(no subject)  


the current song has been stuck in my head all week. xd;  it's a chinese song (rough translation: "girl opposite from me, look this way") that we all karaoke'd in mandarin last year for bonus marks.  all of the sudden i started to hum it to myself this year and everyone near me is begging me to stop.we karaoke'd to a flash animation of the song here: http://www.resnet.trinity.edu/jkrause/swf/kanguolai.swfwatch it, it's crack xdin other news, my internet connection has been absolutely pathetic in the past few weeks.  it's just... really, really bad.  it goes out for entire days, and i can't get a connection for more than 20 minutes at once.  the typical connection period i get lasts, oh..... three minutes.  i can load one or two pages then it dies and i have to wait for a few more hours to get another three minutes.  dad keeps saying he'll call somebody, but he never does -_-.  this is really really pathetic - he had better not pay the internet bills this month, not a cent.  if they dare to get mad at us, we'll just say... and just what internet access were we supposed to be paying for this month??yeah, it really sucks.stole a meme from jammyness!1. go to http://www.careercruising.com2. put in username: nycareers, password: landmark.3. take their "career matchmaker" questions.4. post the top ten resultsyou know what's really weird?  this is the exact same website and career test we had to take last year in planning 10.  i already had saved results (user: port password: moody for port moody secondary... that's so brilliant and secure) from last year so i used those.1. public policy analyst2. professor3. political aide4. lobbyist5. critic6. researcher7. criminologist8. writer9. market research analyst10. foreign service officerclearly, my destiny is in either politics or academia.tags: careers, meme, school   
current location: dad's housecurrent mood: calmcurrent music: "dui mian de nu hai kan guo lai" - richie ren
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 



04 september 2007 @ 08:56 pm
skewl  


went to the k-os concert on saturday, and it was awesome.  it was full of so much win and pwnage that for me to describe it would be utter fail.  if you have a chance to go see him, do.school started today - kinda.  we only really went for an hour, just to get our timetables and lockers.  as one of the "senior" students (at my school, "junior" means grades 9/10 and "senior" means grades 11/12... yeah, i know that's weird to ya'll in the us xd), i got to come at 1pm instead of 10am.  but i had to drop off my brother at his high school at 9am, so i had to get up early anyway. x_x  he doesn't know how to take the bus yet, so i had to go with him.i have block one off!!  this is awesome.  i get to sleep in another hour, i don't have to come to school until 9:45am, and then i get all my classes over and done with instead of having to sit around for an hour in between.  the only downside is that i have four difficult courses in a row and biology and chemistry back-to-back at lunchtime... no eating is ever allowed in the bio and chem rooms because they're full of chemicals and worm eggs and crap like that.  so i have to adjust my schedule to eat lunch either early in the morning or in the mid-afternoon. ):all my courses are study courses, too.  i am going to be so busy.semester 1 schedule:block 1 - freeblock 2 - mandarin chinese 11block 3 - ib biology 11block 4 - ib chemistry 11block 5 - ib history 11semester 2 schedule:block 1 - ib theory of knowledge 12block 2 - ib mandarin chinese 12block 3 - freeblock 4 - ib math methods 11block 5 - ib english 11so... yeah.tags: schedule, school   
current location: homecurrent mood: tiredcurrent music: csi: miami on tv
 
leave a comment




 


21 august 2007 @ 08:26 pm
whoa, wtf.  


i'm staying in my mom's new apartment tonight, and it's freaking awesome.  this is my first visit, i haven't seen her since she left last week.  some stuff about her apartment...1. it's big.  bigger than the second floor of the house, and my house is really big (by vancouver standards).  three bedrooms, two baths, a kitchen, a porch, wide hallways, a living room... :d  whoot!  i've also got the biggest bedroom in the place.2. it's actually in my school's neighborhood.  i live kind of far away from my school... it takes me two buses and more than half an hour to get there.   now it's one bus and less than five minutes (hell, i could just walk).  this is crazy, because all the people i know from school live here (in glenayre, this neighborhood).  i recognize houses and shit... i even know where all the parties are held around here. o_o 3. lol, we're scamming free wireless internet off of someone else in the building with the username "drummerboy".  his access is more stable than ours at home!4. i can actually cuss in mom's presence and talk about things i'd never be able to mention in front of dad.so yeah, staying at my mom's apartment = win.tags: mom's apartment   
current location: mom's apartmentcurrent mood: happycurrent music: "lifelight" - andy hunter
 
leave a comment




 


 



14 august 2007 @ 03:16 pm
bwaahhhahahaaa...  


i bask in my own awesomeness, i did an entire comparative civilizations 12 (world history) class in three days and i got a 97% in the course 8d</bragging>but my poor overworked brain, my hideously disfigured sleep-cycle, and body wrecked by caffeine overdoses will never forgive me. v_v  i think my heart rate is permanently stuck at 220% of what it used to be...i need to return the cd-rom that the distance education school gave me for the course - urgently.  apparently, if it's not returned within a year (and the date either just passed or is just about to come), they get to keep the $250 deposit we had to make on it.  my parents have been threatening me to finish the course so they can get their money back, and now that i finished it and desperately, desperately need to return this thing before they take our money, dad says he's just not in the mood to drive down there and return it.  wtf?!i'm so not going to take the blame for this -_-;also, i was on vancouver island for vacation last week... and am probably going to owe my parents a fortune anyway.  i was staying in a different house than my parents, and my dad called me three or four times a day to notify me of things like "breakfast's ready", "coffee's ready", "we're going out", etc.  now, we find out that every single one of those calls was long distance.yeah. shit.and i just now found out that i don't have any text messaging deal on my cell phone plan.  i thought i had unlimited texts for a set amount a month, but it turns out that each message is 15 cents.  sounds small, but i've suddenly started texting like whoa this month.  i multiplied the full capacity of my outbox plus the number of times i had to empty it for space... and i think i owe my parents at least $30 in text messaging fees.double shit.plus i need $40 to get into anime evolution at sfu this weekend, not including food for the weekend.i desperately, desperately, desperately need a job.  i owe my parents so much money...tags: angst, anime, school, vacation   
current location: homecurrent mood: anxiouscurrent music: "joy" - francois feldman
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


04 august 2007 @ 09:37 pm
.....argh  


i spent 8 hours at starbucks today.  the same starbucks.  i moved between something like four or five tables to escape the sunlight, because it hurts my eyes and kills my laptop screen >_<i was in that starbucks so long that they were closing when i left... and all the barristas were like, "damn, doesn't that girl have somewhere to go?"  (yeah, exactly like that, but at starbucks instead of blenz.  blenz has the most crappy coffee ever... second only to the coffee that comes out of nestle vending machines.  ew.)two black coffees, one americano, and a sugary lemon loaf.  yum.oh well, for the low low price of a coffee every two and a half hours, i can rent out a little table in the corner of a coffeeshop downtown.  it's very nice, but sometimes i get too caught up listening to the music or watching the people go by to work. @_@;  i *used* to claim a table in the social science section of the library to work, but the library workers are all on strike, so it's going to be closed until god knows when...i can't believe i worked for eight hours and only finished two and a half chapters... that's just crazy! d<  oh well, one more left... and then my final project... and i have to do them all tomorrow.my dad has such a double standard for me and my brother.  he still hardly lets me out of the house if he knows i'm going to be alone with a guy, even if that guy is a friend and has been my friend for years.  and yet, when we were talking about our vacation next week, dad said my brother's girlfriend could come with us.  wtf???  (number one, why is my brother allowed to have a girlfriend if i can't even have guys as friends?)  and, he plans to let my (13-year-old) brother drive the car around the neighborhood on the island, even though i (nearly 16) have never been allowed to drive before.  wtf.  seriously.there's some weird grinding noise coming from outside the house. o_o  it's the second night i've been hearing it and i still have no idea what it is.tags: random   
current location: homecurrent mood: angrycurrent music: none
 
leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























