






 




boise embroidery | custom screen printing | apparel | shadows




























































































   




skip to content






shadows

facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new window208.395.1200

$0.000



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 






embroidery screen printing promotional items catalogs online store about us faqs contact uscome work with us!  




 
embroidery screen printing promotional items catalogs online store about us faqs contact uscome work with us!  















 


 


 


 


 


 


 

why shadows? 
							get started 
							personal service, 
							impressive products. 
							








your brand and logo is our top priority!




we take pride in every detail. with our expert staff and state-of-the-art facility,
you get the best quality for the best value, every time.







embroidery






screen
printing






promotional
items





shadows has been providing custom apparel including screen printing, embroidery, and promotional products since 1997. shadows is a boise based company that proudly serves companies and organizations throughout the entire u.s.



meet our team


check out our catalog page




whether it’s for embroidery, screen printing or promotional
products, let us create a product you and your team will love!


catalogs


our team of creative experts is here to help you find the right items and design.




your brand and your logo is what sets you apart. our business model is simple: combine our experienced and dedicated team with the best technology, software, and equipment to make your logo and brand look fabulous!


contact us










 home
embroidery
screen printing
promotional items
catalogs

 careers
online store
about us
faq’s
contact us

come visit us!hours: mon-fri (8:30am-5pm mst)
8650 w. hackamore dr. 
boise, idaho 83709
ph: 208-395-1200
fax: 208-395-1211find us on:facebook page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window  


 







@2025 shadows custom apparel & design. website design boise by thrive web designs return / privacy policy








go to top


























































































