








dmc vehicles - classic car resoration - milwaukee - wisconsin















































homeabout us
profile/historyrecognitionfacilities and staffgallery
current projectscompleted projectsvehicles for salecustom installationsvideosservicesmetal work & body repaircustom paintcustom interiorshot rod interiorsclassic 50's interiors60's & 70's interiorscustom engineschassis modificationscommercial vehiclesvans, pickups and morecontact us



















 






























 




 
 
 
our mission                                                                                                 
       at dmc we will build your vehicle just the way youʼve always dreamed of.     with almost 50 years of experience and expertise, dmc can design and complete any phase of your vehicleʼs restoration or customization.
no job is too big or too small. we build each vehicle as if it were our own and with a passion that has created some of the finest award-winning vehicles found anywhere.
our goal is to restore or customize your vehicle with the highest quality workmanship, at a fair price, and in a timely manner. to achieve this goal, we are committed to the following:

develop a partnership with the customer to formulate and execute a build plan.
allow the customer to closely monitor the build.
together with the customer, make the best decisions during the build.
maintain superior standards for quality, safety, and service resulting in the highest level of customer satisfaction.  


what we do...
at dmc, we specialize in quality classic car restorations, muscle car restorations, hot rods, resto mods and virtually all types of vehicle restorations.  we also design and build custom mobile conversions for businesses as well as custom vans and pickups.  we do all phases of the vehicles's restoration or customization, including:
 
     *award winning vehicle custom paint       *custom hot rod interiors        *classic car interiors         *muscle car interiors
     *van and pickup truck interiors              *metal work and body repair     *custom engines              *chassis modifications
     *vehicle assembly                                *air conditioning                    *custom sound systems     *12v wiring                                     
     *chemical stripping                              *media blasting                      *floor and rust repair          and much more...
 
if you need help to finish your classic car project we can help you.  we approach the build process of your project as if it were our own vehicle. the step-by-step process is continuously updated on this website, so you can check in on your build progress at any time.  a description of what is done on your project is broken down daily hour by hour and photos are taken continously from start to finish, so it is extemely easy to see what you are paying for.  we truly have one of the most transparent and easy to understand billing process in the industry. our advice is free, so give us a call anytime at (262) 781 1170 or fill out our contact form on this website
 
  
                 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
see the full story of this remarkable 1957 chevrolet nomad restoration                               https://www.motortrend.com/features/1703-1957-nomad-with-just-the-right-amount-of-modern-touches/
 
see the award winning restoration of this 1957 chevrolet 
rod's 57
 

 
 
 
  




commercial vehicles
 
for businesses

we install dakota digital gauges





 





custom vans, pickups
 
and more!

 

see what we do!
watch





 




each phase of the classic car restoration process is done at our spacious butler, wisconsin location where you can rest assured your project is in expert hands. 
dmc will meticulously restore your classic car to it's former glory and even better.   







news




		dakota digital instruments        





		see the 1957 chevrolet convertible built by dmc and winner of "outstanding restored" at the milwaukee world of wheels         





		we are a dealer for art morrison frames..    click        





		follow the 1957 chevy classic car restoration....click        





		1951 gmc pickup video "look"        





2022 new "just finished"
new 2022 restorations with ls3 drivetrains
designed and custom built by dmc these classic car restorations  feature our award winning custom paint, ls3 drivetrains, custom dmc interiors, dakota digital dashes and much more. see the complete builds of these cars in our gallery
 

click: 67 gto

click: mark's 1971 chevelle ss
 

recognition
 award winners
read more...

57 chevy convertible

rod's 57 chevy convertible

58 buick special restoration 
finished in 2022
 


 
 follow on facebook            
12651 w. silver spring drive butler, wi 53007 (nw side of milwaukee)
store hours
monday-friday9:00am to 4:30pm
saturdaycall 
leave message 
call
 
262 781 1170



copyright © 2013 dmc vehicles
powered by flash web freelance




