



	the owl pellet specialists | hawks, owls & wildlife























 










view cart | checkout items: (0)

home
about us
contact us
policies
purchase orders
blog













owl pellets and owl pellet kitsowl pellet dissection guides and chartshand lenses and magnifiersbutterfly garden kitsbooks









large owl pellets$3.25small owl pellets$2.25elementary owl pellet kit$57.00raptor- a kid's guide to birds of prey$14.95










your source for the best sterilized owl pellets at the best price since 1981!  for over 40 years, hawks, owls & wildlife has been supplying educators with the highest quality, sterilized owl pellets, owl pellet kits, and support products available; bringing the fascinating world of owls and other birds of prey right into the classroom.    barn owl pellets are ideal for giving students the experience of participating in an important method of scientific research while teaching principles of ecology, food chains/webs, animal structure and function, and skeletal anatomy.


all of our owl pellets are field collected from natural sources, heat sterilized, wrapped in foil, and shipped by us.  our quality and service is unequalled.  


each of our owl pellet dissection kits has been carefully designed by us for different age groups, are easy to use, and provide all the materials necessary to enjoy this activity in the classroom.

low prices to help make the most of your budget.  you get the best for much less!


your order is shipped the same day, if received before 2:00 pm et.  we ship to all locations in the u.s. and canada.  

we are dedicated to help you learn more about birds of prey and their unique role in the environment. if you have any questions relating to raptors or our products please feel free to give us call or drop us an email.
















ordering information-
 
purchase orders:we accept purchase orders from all schools located in the united states. your order can be sent by regular mail or e-mail (hawksowlswildlife@gmail.com) as a pdf. file.  please do not send us a fax of your p.o..   
credit card orders:you can place your order on our website or by telephone using your credit card.we accept: visa, mastercard, discover, american express, and paypal   


canadian orders: all orders are shipped via usps first class mail.













 






large owl pellet sale!





home|policies| about us| | order status| contact us
©2025 owl pellets and owl pellet kits-  hawks, owls & wildlife, all rights reserved.                                                                                                                                                                                              

          


powered by network solutions online store








