






dry stone conservancy

















































dry stone conservancy



home



learn about dry stone
why the dry stone conservancy?
history of dry stone construction
our board and staff
helpful links
about us
contact



certifications
certification
certification levels
certified masons



workshops
about our workshops
spring 2025 workshop schedule



photos
workshops
bridges, abutments, and overlooks
freestanding fences
retaining walls
buildings
volunteer workdays


news



shop
donate now!
books
dvds
sundries
workshops
exam and referral list fees















home/
learn about dry stone/why the dry stone conservancy?history of dry stone constructionour board and staffhelpful linksabout uscontact
certifications/certificationcertification levelscertified masons
workshops/about our workshopsspring 2025 workshop schedule
photos/workshopsbridges, abutments, and overlooksfreestanding fencesretaining wallsbuildingsvolunteer workdays
news/
shop/donate now!booksdvdssundriesworkshopsexam and referral list fees

































preserving dry-laid stone structures and promoting the ancient craft of dry stone masonry




dry stone conservancy
preserving dry-laid stone structures and promoting the ancient craft of dry stone masonry.











home/
learn about dry stone/why the dry stone conservancy?history of dry stone constructionour board and staffhelpful linksabout uscontact
certifications/certificationcertification levelscertified masons
workshops/about our workshopsspring 2025 workshop schedule
photos/workshopsbridges, abutments, and overlooksfreestanding fencesretaining wallsbuildingsvolunteer workdays
news/
shop/donate now!booksdvdssundriesworkshopsexam and referral list fees































the mission of the non-profit dry stone conservancy is to preserve historic dry stone structures and to revive and promote the ancient craft of dry-laid masonry.  the dry stone conservancy works with local, state, and federal government entities to achieve that mission. contributions to the dry stone conservancy go directly toward that mission and are fully tax-deductible.  donate now to make a difference today!




    donate
  







news:













2025 spring workshop schedule















fall 2024 workshop and event schedule















the honorable order of kentucky colonels good works program





photos:













west point project 2024















millennium farms 2023















paris pike historic rock fence repair 2020















13th national dry stone walling competition
september 28, 2019















grand teton national park
jenny lake renewal project - ribbon cutting - july 2019















carmel of jesus, mary, and joseph















tallgrass prairie national preserve 2018





looking for a dsc certified dry stone mason? you can find our updated referral list of dry stone masons here!



the mission of the nonprofit dry stone conservancy is to preserve existing drystone structures, and to promote the ancient craft of dry-laid stone masonry.




    learn more
  

  





 


 






















dry stone conservancy - 1065 dove run road suite 5 - lexington - kentucky - 40502 - 859-266-4807 - dscadmin@drystone.org





 



