a witness of yah shua, jesus our messiah & god









tm

a witness of almighty god's proper name given to all mankind through moses!
'meet'for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work! (2 timothy 2:21 kjv 1611)
www.meet-intl-ministries.org

by the grace of the messiah, yahshua!
about apostle, bishop dr. j.m. strome th.d. adm.d.

affiliations
 cljc canada on youtube
statement of faith & purpose
cljc church of the lord jesus christ - edmonton canada
contact us!

read: the historical true record about baptism by the first church during 30ad-300ad!



rebellion against god, brings a mark of fear & separation!








un chief names four horsemen of apocalypse that threaten the modern world!



could the apocalyptic period be upon us?

feature publications!
the hexagram is not the star of david!
a disciples necessary foundational truths! (english language)
hear, o israel: the lord our god is one lord! deuteronomy 6:4
2000 years finished, now the eminent return of jesus!
sabbath is spiritual unity-one with god in christ jesus!
his name is gold, a beast with a number!
intellect, man's highest endowment!
the mysteries!
willing to be changed
jacob's ladder - the three heavens
author & date of each psalm & the circumstances causing them to be written!

in the name of the father! rev #7, expanded aug. 2019 isbn #092155581


tamil language edition itnotf! rev #1, isbn #092155581


the amazing manifestations of god from the time of jesus still continues today!

olen yee in jesus christ!(a must read)
the mercy of god!(a must read)
aahana's miracle (a must read)
roopa's miracle (a must read)
sister esther's testimony (a must read)
sister maria's testimony (a must read)
sister victoria's testimony (a must read)

mitu - meet international theological university

knowledge from god brings understanding and wisdom only after we "are doers of it!" james 1:22;2:20-26

bible basics (english 1611 kjv) - genesis to revelations - with graphic illustrations!

bible basics - genesis to revelations - coming soon in tamil language!

degree programs

mitu - meet international theological university publications 
2000 years finished, now the eminent return of jesus!
69 weeks of prophesy & then armageddon!

are you seeking acceptance from god?
a divine appointment!
a school girls question: "do scientists pray?" answered by a.einstein!
a disciples necessary foundational truths! (english language)
a students guide: a course to discipleship! (mandarin language)
arise yahshua

be careful little ears what you hear!
by whose authority, man's?

can anyone praise the lord?

daniel's warning!
darwinism! a prominent dr. kuhn refutes darwinism
desire to repent is given by god!

easter or asherah?
ecclesiastical babylon!
el anticristo y su sistema!
el nombre del padre!
el ladron en la cruz
elohim! is the hebrew god a plurality or a supposed three persons?
evolutionary origin of life is impossible!

fossil evidence, the proof of noah's flood!

god's true name revealed!
god's master plan, blood & water!english languarge
god's master plan, blood & water!tamil language
goliath in the face of david!

hair! just how important is it?
halloween, an evil pagan event!
he watches over me! a testimony of divine love
heal your body!
heart of the matter!
heirs and joint heirs with yahshua of the promises given to abraham!
holy ghost evidence!

is your eye single? an aura round about!
is jehovah & yahweh really in the original text?
is the object of your worship real?

i am alpha & omega, the almighty! revelations 1:8


kingdom authority!
knowledge & promises!

fulfilling the lord's prayer!
love lifted me!

man's highest endowment, intellect!
man becoming fools

neanderthal long before created man!

obelisks, signs of the beast!

peace & prosperity abounding, but for how long?
prayer manifests creative power!
prepara tu lampara!
purpose of life!

repentance, why is it not preached today?

satan's conclusion
satans ministers!
shall i find faith when i come?
source of our strength!

the fear of his coming & the mark of separation!
they will throw their silver in the streets!
that we may be one!
the appearing of god (the glory) on earth!

the dove! whose dove?(revision 2, jan. 15/2009)
the fourth angel/fire on the earth!
the garden!
the fourth plague
the pagan history of christmas!
the patient amish-anabaptist
thief on the cross

the seven churches & church age
there is no 'judeo-christian' tradition!
the throne of god!
the world is dying, say the scientists!
there are those who can deceive you!
trinity is baal worship!(1st revision june 2014)

why male dna is found in women & the significance of it!
why do we eat the kings meat?
why god did not have a beginning!
why does the world celebrate santa & christmas together?
will i find faith?
wine for thy stomach sake?

resource materials

the two babylons
the dark side of evolutionary biology
1550 greek/english interlinear new testament
1885 esv hebrew/english interlinear old testament



meet international ministries
edmonton ab, canada
phone: (780)782-5770

