







magnolia hotel & spa | boutique hotels victoria bc




















































 
 













travel information





 


 
 
hotel  

service & amenities
photo gallery
gift store
environmental policy
contact & directions
faqs


rooms
dining
spa
specials
meetings & events
awards

 
 
 book here 
 


 












tripadvisor, travel+ leisure and condé nast traveler awards
victoria's top ranked boutique hotel


                    awards
                   













the city at your doorstep
steps from  victoria inner harbour 


                    explore victoria
                   













in the heart of downtown victoria 
boutique luxury.   personalized service.  authentic experience.


                    specials
                   










 

























book here





book direct  for breakfast*



victoria’s top luxury boutique hotel
magnolia hotel & spa

a small hotel big on luxury amenities




emanating timeless elegance, the magnolia hotel & spa offers an unrivalled luxury boutique hotel experience in the heart of the city, only steps from victoria’s inner harbour. welcome to a world of personalized service, thoughtfully appointed rooms, fine dining, and tranquil spa experiences.
 michelin guide 1 key 2024














rooms ▸
elegant rooms await, offering the ultimate in boutique luxury. floor-to-ceiling windows fill the bright spacious rooms with natural light.









spa ▸
this oasis of calm offers a holistic approach to health, with seven treatment rooms and a spacious relaxation lounge.









dining ▸
old world meets new in the courtney room, victoria’s newest dining destination.









about the hotel ▸
luxury boutique hotel with just 64 rooms, the magnolia hotel & spa is recognized by travel + leisure, condé nast and trip advisor as a top hotel in canada.









explore victoria ▸
carefully curated trails and tours provide guests with essential victoria, bc experiences. from bicycles and tapas to hiking and whale watching, enjoy vancouver island’s top attractions and best kept secrets.









specials ▸
discover seasonal specials, tranquil spa retreats, romantic date nights and weekend getaways.




use the hashtag #magnoliamoments
share your experiences










awards all of us at magnolia hotel & spa are proud of the recognition we have achieved, and look forward to continuing this tradition of excellence for many years to come.

































join our eclub!
* required field






 









 




 1-877-624-6654
info@magnoliahotel.com




623 courtney street, victoria, b.c. canada















contact info
careers
eclub
book direct
media centre
privacy policy
explore victoria
latest news
 





contact info
careers
eclub
book direct
media centre
privacy policy
explore victoria
latest news


latest news 




magnolia hotel & spa retains coveted spot on travel + leisure’s  2024 t+l 500 list of the best hotels in the world

 apr 23
 



 

 623 courtney street,
victoria, b.c. canada v8w 1b8
tel.  1-877-624-6654
info@magnoliahotel.com

 



we invite you to make your voice heard by voting for your favourite hotels and destinations in travel + leisure’s world’s best awards 2025 survey. voting is open, and we would be honoured to have your support. 
 cast your vote


			close			











































