












creative touch: rotherham beauty salon & aesthetics experts






























skip to the main content

creative touch
                            







 permanent makeup and aesthetics
 

01709 296 820
07980 742 251


menu


home
beauty
aesthetics
training
about
gallery
contact
booking







your beauty enhanced with a creative touch
indulge, transform, radiate. unveil your best self  with personalised treatments at our beauty and aesthetics salon in rotherham. view our aesthetics treatments
















beauty treatmentseveryone deserves to look and feel amazing. from lash extensions to eyebrows, nails and skin care, our classic beauty treatments have everything you need to look effortlessly elegant.  beauty therapy  lash extensions, lifts & tints   brow waxing, tinting & laminating   manicures & pedicures   acrylic, gel & biab nails   skin care and facials   professional spray tanning aesthetics treatmentsour leading aesthetics treatments help you look and feel your best. we offer a range of proven medical solutions to reverse the signs of ageing and treat conditions that can make you feel self-conscious.  aesthetics treatments  permanent makeup & smp   botox wrinkle reduction   mesotherapy & skin boosters   body contouring & sculpting   lip fillers & dermal fillers   pmu & tattoo removal   laser hair removal   radio frequency microneedling training courseswe’re passionate about passing on our knowledge. we offer a range of training courses to help you get started in the beauty industry. from eyelash extensions to pedicures, we have a course for you.  training courses  lash & brow treatment training   lash lift & tint training   manicure training course   gel polish & nails courses   nail tips & acrylic overlays   pedicure training course kiss dry lips goodbye this winter 💋*new* lumi-pro lips hydration boosteraward-winning personalised beautyat creative touch, we’re dedicated to providing exceptional, bespoke beauty and aesthetic treatments for our sheffield and rotherham clients. over 20 years, we’ve helped women and men achieve natural-looking results beyond their expectations.from precision brow shaping and beautiful nail art, to skin rejuvenation and fat reduction plans. we offer personalised consultations in a friendly, welcoming atmosphere where we take the time to explain treatments and answer your questions. read our client reviews find out more about us best for brows (spmu), uk hair and beauty awards2023, 1st place in yorkshire & humbersemi-permanent makeup artist of the year, uk hair and beauty awards2022, 3rd placebest for brows spmu, uk hair and beauty awards2023, district top 10sos beauty awards, permanent makeup artist of the year finalist,2023look and feel your best with our eyelash treatmentsdo you want to make your eyes pop with beautiful, long, and full eyelashes? lash extensions, lifts and tints are our speciality. perfect for special occasions and everyday use.walk-in appointments availableclassic to max volume lasheshybrid & wispy lasheslash lifts & tintsparty lashes and clusters discover our lash extensions book your lashes online are you looking for wrinkle reduction treatment in rotherham?reverse the signs of ageingdark circles & under-eye bagstired of staring at those pesky under-eye circles and bags? you’re not alone. we get it. they can make you look tired, even when you’re feeling fresh. our revitalising treatments are designed to brighten your eyes, reduce puffiness, and leave you looking like you’ve had a full night’s sleep.✨ say goodbye to dark circles and hello to a brighter, more radiant you!  say hello to brighter eyesfat & cellulite removalstubborn fat and cellulite got you down? we’ve all been there. it can feel like no matter how hard you diet and exercise, those little pockets of resistance just won’t budge. our cutting-edge fat reduction and cellulite removal techniques help you sculpt your body and achieve your dream figure.✨ ready to ditch the dimples and embrace a smoother, more confident you?  slim down & smooth outwrinkles & ageing skinageing skin and wrinkles giving you a case of the blues? we understand. time has a way of leaving its mark, but that doesn’t mean you have to accept it! our arsenal of anti-ageing solutions turn back the clock and restore your youthful glow.✨ from wrinkle-smoothing injectables to collagen-boosting facials, we have something for everyone.  age-rewind & peel back timemuscle tighteningworn out by sagging muscles and a lack of definition? we hear you. gravity can be a real drag, but it doesn’t have to be that way. our muscle-tightening treatments can help you lift, tone, and shape your body for a more sculpted, youthful look.✨ ready to rediscover your firm, fabulous self and embrace your inner supermodel?  defy gravity & embrace fabulousyour journey to a more beautiful youwake up every morning feeling confident and radiant in your own skin. that’s the power of creative touch. we’re about personalised treatments that enhance your natural beauty and help you exude effortless elegance from the inside out.join our family of clients who tell us how our treatments have enhanced their appearance and boosted their confidence and well-being. start your journey to a more beautiful you today. contact us book online claire downingzoe baylissgrace baylissare you struggling to shift those patches of stubborn fat?discover our body sculpting treatmentsmodels needed: huge savings on your beauty treatmentsat creative touch, we’re always seeking models to help our talented team of professionals hone their skills, showcase their expertise, and keep us at the forefront of beauty and aesthetics in south yorkshire.as a model for creative touch, you’ll enjoy incredible discounts on a variety of treatments and you’ll be helping us provide even better services to our clients.heavily discounted treatmentscontribute to the beauty industrybe part of something specialenhance your beauty see what treatments we need models for do you like your brows soft, fluffy and hyper-realistic?hyper-realism brows have arrivedinterested in turning your passion for beauty into a business?a beauty or permanent makeup course with creative touch is the first step to becoming your own boss and unlocking your potential from running your own business.embrace the freedom and fulfillment that comes with being a certified beautician trained under the award-winning creative touch brand - voted leading beauty & aesthetics course provider (south yorkshire) by corporate vision.we have a range of courses available including lash extensions, lash lift and tint, brow lamination, gel nails, nail tips, manicures and pedicures. course prices start from under £200. we also run mentor days to give you additional support when you need it.brand new courses coming for 2025, including botox and dermal fillers. discover our beautician courses follow us on facebook are you looking for a nail salon in rotherham?give your nails a treatready to join the creative touch family and discover your best self?we thrive on hearing your success stories! read what our clients across south yorkshire are saying, and share your own transformation journey to inspire others.   800+ ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ reviews     share your experience kelli’s review of creative touchdawn’s review of creative touchjodie’s review of creative touchsam’s review of creative touchfirst facial hifuzoe and claire have both been really welcoming and professional. i had my first facial hifu treatment a month or so ago and when i came in for the initial consultation everything was really well explained and again on the day of the treatment. highly recommend.   jennifer griffin 10/10 for plasma, hifu, botox and smpall staff are a pleasure they make you feel relaxed in a friendly atmosphere and go in to detail about the treatment that you having i have have had several treatments plasma, hifu and botox and smp i would recommend this company to anyone great service plus local to where i live it’s a ten out of ten from me john hardy amazing permanent browsbeing a girl of the 90s and after years of over plucking my brows i finally decided that i would get them done permanently. i did a lot of research and felt confident with zoe at creative touch. from the first appointment i felt that she was very knowledgeable and a perfectionist.after the first procedure i was in love with my new brows. the top up was next and after that i still needed a little shading on one of the brows. zoe did this no problem and i can honestly say i wish i had done it sooner and can highly recommend zoe. if you are cautious, wary or just on the fence about it-don’t be. zoe really is excellent at what she does and you will not be disappointed. thank you zoe for my amazing brows which get a lot of compliments!   ruth widdop eyes on the six-packit’s not just women! i’m a bloke who enjoys looking after himself and why not. i have used zoe for lumi eyes and botox and claire for fat freeze and hiemt. guys you’re missing out if you don’t know about these. my eyes for a 50 year old are outstanding and love handles and six pack coming along nicely with the freezing and hiemt. c d brow-rescue magici first contacted zoe at creative touch for help with my eyebrows after going to a lady that really messed up they looked just awful!! zoe was confident she could help me… and she did 😊first job was laser removal to get rid of the awful brows! then for zoe to work her magic and give me the lovely brows i’ve have today 👌. i can’t thank her enough for the fantastic job she has done and would highly recommend her 💯👌xx diane turner visit our blog for beauty tips, your frequently asked questions answered, and more about our treatments.a guide to pattern baldness and treatment options at creative touch struggling with pattern baldness? minimally invasive treatments like prp and scalp micropigmentation could be the answer.botox: a beginner’s guideconsidering botox for the first time? your questions answered in our guide, including essential aftercare tips.tattoo removal options & expert carereclaim your skin: safe & effective tattoo removal at creative touch rotherham. a personal approach with stunning results.lip filler migrationworried about uneven lips due to migrated filler? learn about safe and effective removal with mesotherapy dissolve.

creative touch78a broom lanebroomrotherhams60 3ew+44 1709 296 820+44 7980 742 251zoe@creativetouchrotherham.co.ukhttps://creativetouchrotherham.co.uknouveau lashes accredited salon
nouveau lashes accredited salon
beauty guild accredited training
cpd centre of excellence
opening hoursmondayclosedtuesday10:00 am -
                7:00 pmwednesday10:00 am -
                5:00 pmthursday10:00 am -
                7:00 pmfriday9:00 am -
                5:00 pmsaturday9:00 am -
                3:00 pmsundaycloseda creative touch, a confident youwe believe beauty isn't found; it's unearthed. at creative touch, rotherham, our aesthetic artistry is the brush that reveals the confidence within you. we don't just enhance; we empower you to own your unique beauty and radiate it to the world.since 2005, we've been proudly serving the south yorkshire area, helping our clients find their inner confidence through the power of beauty.follow us on facebookfollow us on instagramfind us on tiktokfind us on twitter / xfind us on youtubefind us on yellpayment methodspaypalvisamastercardamericanexpressmaestroklarnaresourcesaftercarebloggalleryreviewsprice listonline bookingscontact uspoliciesaccessibilitycookie policyprivacyterms & conditionsdisclaimereveryone is unique. this does mean that sensitivity periods, treatment plans, treatment results and their longevity will vary from client to client. the information provided on this website is based on the average treatment experience. for more accurate information, you should make a consultation with one of our experts.© creative touch aesthetics ltd75 church streetbentleydoncastersouth yorkshireunited kingdomdn5 0becompany number: 15536075registered: england and wales



