






	home







































                        farm bureau insurance
                    

479-646-3446















search











 toggle navigation












home
watch live sports media archive 










"the online source for the greenwood bulldogs"






					 
				
search



































































wrestling
ghs wrestlers preparing for regional tournaments

feb 15, 2025 by richard white
        
photos by: peggy barger and other contributors

			after battling a round of widespread sickness last month, the bulldogs and lady bulldogs have persevered with the turn of the calendar, competing well in several january tournaments into early february. both squads also recently competed in the dual state tournament last weekend and are preparing for their respective regional tournaments the next two weekends. head coach john kincade recently offered the following comments about his wrestlers and their performances this season.

“our...
            read more












welcome to the dog pound

 








































































































































basketball
ross says bulldogs battling for final playoff slot

feb 10, 2025 by richard white
            
b.j. ross is in his second season as head coach of the greenwood bulldogs, and he clearly has things moving in the right direction to improve the boys varsity basketball program. this year’s...
read more














basketball
lady bulldogs heading into conference home stretch

feb 10, 2025 by richard white
            
the greenwood lady bulldogs have made the turn in the 2025 conference race, posting a 5-2 record at the halfway point and 7-2 currently after recent wins over siloam springs, mountain home, van...
read more














football
three ghs stars ink offers on national signing day

feb 7, 2025 by richard white
            
a trio of prominent greenwood bulldogs achieved their longtime dream of playing college football last wednesday on national signing day. in a ceremony staged at the gmac indoor practice facility...
read more














bowling
greenwood bowling teams primed for postseason run

jan 31, 2025 by richard white
            
austin moreton is the offensive line coach and run game coordinator for the two-time defending state champion bulldogs, and like all of greenwood’s football coaches, has worked overtime...
read more














basketball
bulldogs more than double last season's victory total

jan 28, 2025 by richard white
            
in his second year as greenwood’s head coach, b.j. ross and his bulldogs have already won more than twice as many games (12) as they did last season (5). the program’s improvement is a...
read more














basketball
at 4-1 ghs ladies off to good start in league play

jan 25, 2025 by richard white
            
three weeks into their 5a west schedule, the greenwood lady bulldogs are off to a good start at 4-1, with another challenging week ahead with road games at harrison on tuesday and mountain home on...
read more













load next 6 article(s) (1792 left)loading...


















































prev next






























home  |  watch live  |  sports  |  media archive












all information contained on this website including but not limited to descriptions, depictions and accounts of sporting events are the property of greenwood bulldog foundation incorporated.  the copy, display or use of said information without the expressed written consent of greenwood bulldog foundation incorporated is strictly prohibited.










advertise with us
please contact us at 479-650-7023 for more information










 facebook
 twitter
















copyright © 2025 by the greenwood bulldog foundation

|
admin login





website design & hosting by jamell digital, inc.




top












