     chevrolet dealership queen creek az                                                                              earnhardt chevrolet             sales 602-702-5496    service 602-626-9591  parts 480-899-0131      24645 south ellsworth rd queen creek, az 85142                                        service        map        contact                         earnhardt chevrolet                     call 602-702-5496   directions                      new   search inventory    schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   research new chevrolet models   find my car   faq about gm   10 reasons to buy chevy vehicles   no bull express   search all inventory   manufacturer incentives   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   test drive chevy ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     used   search inventory   vehicles under 30k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   research used chevrolet models   quick quote   certified pre-owned   value your trade   trade appraisal   find my car     research   express store   shop all models   how express works   manufacturer specials     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   lease deals   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   service center   service department   schedule appointment   service & parts specials   parts department   order parts   tire basics   oil change   brake service   battery service   recall information   gm accessories store   vp racing fuel   order parts online   gm accessories   tire finder   chevrolet service center     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   bad credit car loans     about   about   tex earnhardt history    why buy from us?    contact   hours & directions   our blog   happy customers   career technician   serving queen creek, az   privacy policy   privacy requests   queen creek chevy store - coming soon   serving gilbert, az   serving mesa, az   employment   onstar assistance	   chevy accessibility   gm rewards                      home   new   search inventory    schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   research new chevrolet models   find my car   faq about gm   10 reasons to buy chevy vehicles   no bull express   search all inventory   manufacturer incentives   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   test drive chevy ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     used   search inventory   vehicles under 30k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   research used chevrolet models   quick quote   certified pre-owned   value your trade   trade appraisal   find my car     research   express store   shop all models   how express works   manufacturer specials     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   lease deals   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   service center   service department   schedule appointment   service & parts specials   parts department   order parts   tire basics   oil change   brake service   battery service   recall information   gm accessories store   vp racing fuel   order parts online   gm accessories   tire finder   chevrolet service center     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   bad credit car loans     about   about   tex earnhardt history    why buy from us?    contact   hours & directions   our blog   happy customers   career technician   serving queen creek, az   privacy policy   privacy requests   queen creek chevy store - coming soon   serving gilbert, az   serving mesa, az   employment   onstar assistance	   chevy accessibility   gm rewards               


               important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                                    





    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         











view new inventory











browse pre-owned











buy online











schedule service




      search new inventory     search used inventory        






earnhardt chevrolet
from the day we opened our doors, earnhardt chevrolet has had one priority: you. we've dedicated ourselves to offering the best chevrolet has to offer by following the principles on which our dealership was founded.
more about us










get
financing









schedule
service









special
offers






     



explore the chevrolet lineup
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





colorado





silverado 1500





silverado 2500hd





silverado 3500hd





express





blazer





equinox





trailblazer





traverse





tahoe





trax





suburban





malibu






camaro





corvette





spark






bolt ev




explore all new inventory



     

the best offer awaits you
located in queen creek, az, earnhardt chevrolet also serves the gilbert and mesa areas of az with a stress-free sales experience and a finance department that can find financial solutions to save you money and fit within any budget or credit situation.





get behind the wheel
the earnhardt chevrolet sales team is focused on ensuring your experience with our dealership exceeds your highest expectations, and that you find the right car to suit your lifestyle.
schedule test drive





get the best appraisal
receive the best value for your trade-in vehicle with earnhardt chevrolet. then find the latest new car, truck, suv, rebates, and special offers available only at earnhardt chevrolet.
value my trade


      






chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks




       


sales hours      monday 8:00am - 9:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 9:00pm    friday 8:00am - 9:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 6:00pm    







follow


                            




               

welcome to earnhardt chevrolet
at earnhardt chevrolet, you're more than just a customer, you're family. we pride ourselves on offering attentive customer service and a wide selection of vehicles to meet your every need. come experience the difference where your satisfaction is our top priority.
explore our inventory of quality new chevrolet cars for sale, each promising reliability and top-notch performance. check out the chevrolet silverado 1500 for sale in queen creek, az, known for its robust power and towing capabilities; the chevrolet traverse, perfect for those seeking space without sacrificing style; and the chevrolet equinox, offering efficiency and versatility for every journey. don't forget that we’re also a used car dealership with used and certified pre-owned vehicles for every driver.
your chevrolet dealership beyond the sale
when you’ve found your perfect new or used chevrolet vehicle, our finance center offers tailored solutions to meet all your financing needs with ease and convenience. our service center in queen creek, az, is equipped with the latest technology to efficiently handle all your auto service requirements. take advantage of our service coupons in queen creek, az for affordable and high-quality auto maintenance and repairs.
at our chevrolet dealership in queen creek, az, we're your partners throughout the lifecycle of your vehicle. so, come in, explore our wide selection, and let us help you drive away with a smile.


find a new chevy car or truck
our inventory of new chevy trucks including the 2023 silverado 1500 and the colorado. the new traverse is the perfect family crossover suv with room for up to seven passengers and all your gear. if you need something a little smaller, the equinox has room for five, and you can get either front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive if you need extra traction on your weekend adventures. we also have the blazer.
we specialize in financing all buyers
whether you have excellent credit or some problems with your credit history, you can come into earnhardt chevrolet and we will get you financing. we will work with all of our customers to find the best financing plan available. you can use our online auto loan calculator to get an estimate of your monthly payment, and then use the easy online finance application to get started on your preapproval.
if you have a trade-in, we can even give you an instant cash offer, so you know what you have to put toward your new car.


our service department will get it done right
the factory-trained and certified technicians that work in our service department have the knowledge and experience to get any job done and get it done right the first time. we have the equipment to diagnose problems and the specialized tools to get it done quickly and efficiently so you can get back on the road. use our online scheduling form to find a time that works for you. it's easy to use, and you can get an appointment without any phone calls or hassles.
community minded dealership
at earnhardt chevrolet, we believe it is important to give back to our community, and the recycle your bicycle for a kid in foster care program is just one of the many projects we are a part of. this program encourages people to donate their old bikes or make financial donations so kids in foster care can have the experience of getting their first bike. we were happy to be the drop off headquarters for the big bike drive in september of 2019.
make earnhardt your first and last stop for your next car. you'll find us at 24645 south ellsworth rd in queen creek. visit us today and take a look at our selection of new and used chevrolets. you can also give us a call at sales 602-702-5496 or browse our website to get started on your car shopping.

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | earnhardt chevrolet | 24645 south ellsworth rd , queen creek, az 85142 | sales: 602-702-5496              



















                      