










home - stark trumbull area realtors®























































 
 
















skip to content










member logincontact usjoin star




























facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin





youtube






































menu 
about star news history of star special awards star leadership star committees star staff contact usmember center dues & fees member benefits join star member directory stark wcr members only page star newsletter marketing opportunities presidents sales club realtor® safetyeducation & events calendar continuing education real estate careerscommunity why use a realtor® owners, buyers & sellers file a complaint community information building industry associations local chamber of commerce top sellers (psc)government affairs why a gad why rpac voter registration find your district








 















 
understanding the nar settlementif you've bought or sold a home in the past several years, you've likely heard about the recent settlement involving the national association of realtors (nar). this settlement has significant implications for the real estate industry and could affect your experience in the market. to help you stay informed and understand what this means for you, we've gathered two essential resources.


learn more


 


 
why use a realtor®all real estate licensees are not the same. only real estate licensees who are members of the national association of realtors® are properly called realtors®. they proudly display the realtor® “r” logo on their business cards and/or other marketing and sales literature. realtors® are committed to treat all parties to a transaction honestly.


learn more


 


 
get involvedcommittee involvement in your association is one of the best things you can do for your business. you will discover lifelong friends and mentors, and in many cases, do some good in your community along the way.


learn more


 


 
view our calendarview our calendar to view our upcoming events & continuing education offerings


learn more


 






























welcome to the stark trumbull area realtors®






the mission of stark trumbull area realtors®, inc. is to enable its members the ability to deliver the highest level of service with the greatest degree of professionalism mandated by the realtor® code of ethics through: effective communication, education and training, impacting public policy, and promoting the preservation of the right to own, use and transfer real property.

















					join now				








					member login				








					education/events				








					contact us				






















mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more
















 
get involved 
committee involvement in your association is one of the best things you can do for your business. you will discover lifelong friends and mentors, and in many cases, do some good in your community along the way.
learn more 














 
register to vote 
your vote is your voice. with ever changing markets and shifting political winds it is important to elect public officials that will empower not hinder your business and communities. here at star we provide opportunities for our members to engage with elected officials and candidates.
learn more 














 
realtor® safety 
as a realtor®, it’s important you have different safety protocols in everyday situations such as meeting new prospects, showing off properties, and sharing information online. as a star member, you have access to the forewarn app, sponsored by our star affiliates.
learn more 
















 
 







































































































































next
previous








platinum level sponsors




7/17 credit unionamerican title solutionsbeacon title companyfairway independent mortgagefarmers national bankfirst meridian title agencyguaranteed ratemckinley titleohio real titlepatriot title agencythe commercial & savings banktitle professionals group, ltd
 



gold level sponsors




huntington bank
 



silver level sponsors




alcova mortgage companyamerican title associates agency, inc.cf bankfirst federal community bank
 



bronze level sponsors




barry sigler inspectionspumphrey-hammel insurancerural 1st
 










 










© 2025 stark trumbull area realtors®
 | 
site by growthzone












powering realtors® across stark, carroll, and trumbull counties

















quick links

member login
star blog
why use a realtor®
upcoming events
get your real estate license










contact us monday - friday from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm









address & map




north canton office7110 whipple ave. nw, suite b | north canton, oh 44720 










address & map




warren office311 niles cortland rd, ne, lower level suite c | warren oh 44484 










call star




(330) 494-5630 










email




info@star.realtor 










follow us on social media









facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin





youtube








terms of use | privacy policy

















 © 2025 stark trumbull area realtors®.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















