



culinary history enthusiasts of wisconsin (chew) | culinary history enthusiasts of wisconsin (chew) is  an informal, non profit, educational organization dedicated  to the celebration of food, ethnic cuisines, and culinary customs from all parts of the world.





























culinary history enthusiasts of wisconsin (chew)


culinary history enthusiasts of wisconsin (chew) is  an informal, non profit, educational organization dedicated  to the celebration of food, ethnic cuisines, and culinary customs from all parts of the world.



skip to content

homeabout
culinary

traveling library collection
book reviews by chew members and others
recipes


history

past speakers and events
history of chew
culinary history collections & other resources
wisconsin historical society


enthusiasts

chew e-newsletter sign-up
chew officers
culinary history groups
meeting time and place
membership


wisconsin

wisconsin food festivals
food related links
slow food










programs and info

coming up next
chew meetings are free and open to the public. they’re held on the first wednesday of the month at the goodman community center, (ironworks building, bolz a or evjue), 149 waubesa st., madison, wi, unless otherwise noted in a program’s description.
“julia lovejoy cuniberti: the midwesterner who adapted italian culinary traditions for american kitchens” 
 presented by dr. grazia menechella
wednesday, march 5, 2025, 7:00 pm 
julia lovejoy cuniberti’s practical italian recipes for american kitchens (1917) is an important cookbook that promoted and presented the model of italian cucina casalinga (home cookery) as an ideal model for americans. as she states: “the housewives of the old world have much to teach us in thrift, especially in the kitchen.” she stressed that this model is simple, flexible, economical, healthy, rooted in local italian traditions, and easily adaptable outside of italy. a midwesterner from janesville, wisconsin, julia had a second home in pavullo nel frignano (modena, italy), her husband’s hometown, where she often traveled and collected family recipes. julia lovejoy was also socially engaged as a resident of the hull house in chicago, and, at the same time, committed to helping italian families in need during world war i. her collection of recipes would raise awareness of the benefits of italian cucina casalinga in the us and funds for families of italian soldiers in need.
grazia menechella is a professor of modern and contemporary italian literature and culture at the university of wisconsin-madison. her research focuses on contemporary italian literature and culture, experimental literature, history of women, diasporas, and food studies. she regularly teaches a course on the food cultures of italy.
not a chew member?  click here to join: http://www.chewwisconsin.com/enthusiasts/membership/​​​​
 
got questions? email chewwisconsin@gmail.com
____________________
join us for chew meetings, which typically meet on the first wednesday of each month (except august) at the goodman community center (ironworks bldg.), 149 waubesa, madison, wi. meetings are free and open to the public and feature invited speakers, lively discussions, sometimes food samplings  and more. see below for info about our newsletter, membership, traveling library and more.
newsletter – to receive our email newsletter, send us a note at chewwisconsin@gmail.com. to view a sample issue, visit https://static-promote.weebly.com/share/9804d608-547d-4a18-9968-5e24c065c8e7
membership –  for info about why and how to join chew, click here.
chew library – one of the benefits of in-person chew meetings is access to chew’s traveling library. our collection totals almost 125 titles, ranging from james beard award winner the sioux’s chef’s indigenous kitchen to the very drinkable bottoms up: a toast to wisconsin’s historic bars and breweries. to peruse all the book titles in our library, click culinary. you can put in an “order” for a specific book by emailing  chewwisconsin@gmail.com.  the book will be brought to the next in-person meeting (if it hasn’t already been checked out). several titles will also be featured at each meeting–you’ll hear a short review and will have the opportunity to check one of the featured titles out for a month.
facebook – we also invite you to join chew on facebook, for fascinating food links, discussions and more: https://www.facebook.com/groups/chewwis/



 
 















search for:



 






					culinary history enthusiasts of wisconsin (chew)				


proudly powered by wordpress.







