




ww2 cruisers and battleships, images, videos, battles, ships














 




 







   javascript does not appear to be enabled in your browser. please turn it on as the menu needs javascript.   


your commententries may take up to 30 mins to appear


name *

comment *



submit
close
 



mike  : 2022-2-3  and the quizzes are good too !-----miles b  : 2020-10-14  this is an amazing, informative site! it's absolutely going into my bookmarks.-----jonathan steel  : 2020-6-29  father walrus pilot on hms cumberland late 1941 to 1942.
my brother has his photo album assembled in secret during that time!. father told me of two interesting incidents. once he was taking off in scapa and given green light. just missed dd!!! -----speeder  : 2019-11-1  very good site with impeccable pictures and a mass of very interesting information. good work!-----werner  : 2019-4-27  wonderful site with great curation-----heeward  : 2018-10-1  a great site and thank you for all your work.
therefore in appreciation, i have now reviewed every picture.
-----richard  : 2018-7-6  this site has a super collection of the speeches of winston churchill.... not just related to the navy but covering all the early years of the war.
-----older trieste 1936rate this photo





5797.04098


this site is my small tribute to the men of all navies who served on ships in ww2. never forget what they did!

				so now you are here, what is there to see? what makes this site different is the war at sea is told by those who were there. personal stories explain what it was like to be on a ship during world war 2. if you are more interested in the ships or the actions of wwii at sea, then we have that as well. there is a lot of information, spread over 449 pages - so we have worked hard to make it easy to find what you want.

use the drop down menu from the  buttons  above to get an idea of the information available
                               detailed cruiser and battleship information is under the rn, us and  ships  menus, an example ship, action or story page is below
                                to read about experiences of world war 2 at sea follow the stories menu, an outline of all the stories is below
                                to research a battle follow the actions menu - d-day, savo island, the battle of the river plate, guadalcanal, crete, pedestal, bismarck, scharnhorst, and so on, are all here, a summary of all the actions is below
                                how good is your warship knowledge, try the quiz under  misc , there is a summary of all 29 quizzes on the quiz review page.
				there is a growing video and audio archive from the info menu
				there are detailed drawings showing how each ship evolved through its lifetime. examples are shown below. they are very detailed and the result of research by eric leon and 'nimitz', together with many helpers around the world. they are unique and only available on this site.
				to find information on a particular ship, action, or subject - use the site search - every word of the 449 pages is indexed
                                to find the 2,072 photos, use the image search - and you can vote to decide the best
				to research a ship lost during ww1 or ww2, use the ships sunk search - information on 13,000 ships, warships, tankers, cargo, passenger etc, etc and for warships there will be a map to find out where it was sunk
                                notice something not working, a factual error, or have an idea for an improvement, contact me is in the  admin  menu
                            



----------------------------------
following is an example ship, action or story page. ships of all nations can be found under rn, us and  ships  menus. actions and stories are under their menus.

komintern class light cruiser
1930rate this photo





2666.853985


ship
builder
laid down
launched
completed
fate


komintern
naval dky (nikolaiev)
23 aug 01
20 may 02
jul 05 
scuttled 10 oct 1942





displacement: 6,338 tons/6,439 tonnes (standard); 6,675 tons/6,781 tonnes (full load)*
					length: 440ft 2in/134.2m (oa); 435ft 11 in/132.9m (wi)
					beam: 54ft 6in/16.6m; draught: 22ft 3in/6.8m (mean)
					machinery: 2-shaft vi'e reciprocating engines; 12 normand boilers
					performance: 14,500ihp=12kts; bunkerage: 900 tons (1941). range: 2,000nm at 10kts
					protection: 3in main deck and casemates; 6in ct
					guns: eight 5.1in (8xl); four 75mm (4xl); three 3in aa (3xl); three 45mm aa (3xl)
					mines: 195 (1941). torpedoes: nil
					aircraft: nil
					complement: 590
					* data refers to first world war; displacement by 1941 was about 6,000 tons

this old ship, formerly pamiat merkuriya, was the survivor of a class of five, of which the name ship was bogatyr. one, vityaz, was badly damaged by fire while building and never completed, and oleg had been sunk by british cmbs in the raid on kronstadt on 17 july 1919. of the remainder, ochakov ended up in the employ of the white russians and was finally interned at bizerte on 23 december 1920 and scrapped in 1933. bogatyr was cannibalised for spares to refit pamiat merkuriya in 1922. pamiat merkuriya was renamed komintern on 31 december 1922.
the design, a protected cruiser armed with twelve 6in guns, was of vulkanwerft (stettin) origin. with her coal-fired machinery capable of speeds less than 20kts by the 1930s, the ship was totally obsolete by the time of ww2, but, in the absence of a large black sea fleet being available to the soviets, she saw active service in that theatre despite her age.


rate this photo





1616.5531,676 

modifications
				when the ship was repaired by the soviets she was rearmed with sixteen 130mm (5.1in) 55cal m1913 guns in twelve single and two twin mountings, the latter being old-pattern gunhouses on the forecastle and quarterdeck. after her conversion to a training cruiser in 1930/31 the twin 5.1in mountings were removed and replaced by single shielded mountings of the same calibre, and four of the original single 5.1in were replaced by old 75mm/50 m1902-pattern guns for training purposes. she carried ten 5.1in after this conversion. the six broadside submerged torpedo tubes were removed at this time. the four boilers in the forward boiler room were removed, and the space fitted out with classrooms. the forward funnel, however, was not removed until another refit in the late 1930s. in 1935/36 she was fitted with a platform on the quarterdeck for the experimental operation of a seaplane. finally, in the winter of 1940/41, she was converted to a minelayer. with a reduced main armament of six 5.1in, and four 76mm aa, she could carry 195 mines. the light aa was increased during the autumn of 1941 with the addition of three new army-pattern 25mm guns.
service
				by 1939 the ship was in such poor condition that she was scheduled to be scrapped, but the german invasion of the soviet union in june 1941 gave her a reprieve and she participated in the laying of defensive minefields off sevastopol at the start of hostilities. subsequently komintern was attached to the north-east area detachment on 6 august as flagship, based at odessa and ochakov in support of the soviet maritime army. in the autumn of 1941 she supported the defenders of odessa and escorted reinforcement troops to the beleaguered city until its fall, when she participated in the evacuation operations. following this, she participated in operations at sevastopol from the beginning of 1942, transporting troops to the crimea and giving gunfire support to the defending forces, in the course of which she was attacked on several occasions by german aircraft. after the fall of sevastopol at the beginning of july, komintern was based at novorossisk, where she was attacked by aircraft on the 2nd and heavily damaged on the port side. despite the damage she was able to steam to poti for repairs, but on 16 july was attacked again and severely damaged. she was paid off, but transferred to tuapse and disarmed, her guns being taken ashore to form five batteries for the defence of tuapse. after this, komintern was steamed back to poti with a reduced crew and scuttled as a breakwater for a new light craft base in the channel of the khopi river on 10 october 1942, where she still remains.




----------------------------------



following is a summary of the personal stories recorded on the site. they can all be found under the stories menu. 
the loss off hms charybdisthe biggest disaster to overtake british naval forces in the channel during ww2 took place in october 1943.
the loss of hms charybdis - part 2
		  of all the pages on this site, the loss of charybdis has attracted more emails than any other.
		this page contains some notes written by steve quinn after a visit to st. brieuc to visit the grave of his uncle, harold quinn, a stoker on charybdis.
uncle bun's battle
		  in late december 1943 the inward-bound blockade-runner alsterufer was expected to arrive in the bay of biscay from the far east with valuable raw materials. a german destroyer flotilla, reinforced by six large type 39 torpedo boats were ordered to escort the sorely needed cargo into a french port.
the torpedoing of hms capetown
		
			  this story records the experiences of albert welch who served on capetown from august 1940 until she was torpedoed by an italian mtb while escorting a convoy in april 1941.
the loss of uss pope
			  in february 1942 a mixed and not well coordinated squadron of two dutch, one british, one australian and one us cruiser encountered a japanese force of roughly similar strength at the battle of the java sea. 
the loss of hms spartan
			  her luck ran out when she was hit by a glider bomb while anchored off the anzio beachead.
hms scylla 1942 - 1943
			  robert hughes was a gunnery officer on hms scylla seeing action with arctic convoys, atlantic convoys including the escort of queen mary, gibralter convoys and salerno.
loss of hms cornwall
			  it is 4th april 1942 - cornwall and dorsetshire are docked at colombo. they leave after a japanese carrier and battleship force is spotted approaching ceylon. .
loss of hms cornwall 2
			  most action reports originate from the upper-deck. lieut (e) e. a. drew rn put on paper the events of six and a half years war service. this is the story of the sinking from the stokers messdeck.
loss of hms edinburgh
			  it is 4pm on 29th april 1942. hms edinburgh is escorting convoy qp11 back from russia. she is also carrying £5 million in gold bullion on the way to the us as payment for war equipment. lieut. teichert the commander of u456 lifts his periscope and is surprised to see the bulk of a large unaccompanied cruiser, the edinburgh.
loss of hms trinidad
			  trinidad sailed from murmansk on 13th may 1942, carrying many survivors from the edinburgh.
the torpedoing of hms arethusa
			  arethusa had a busy war, being involved in the norwegian campaign, was part of force h based at gibraltar, the bismarck sortie, and the malta convoys. she was escorting operation stoneage in november 1942 when she was hit by a torpedo from an italian aircraft
the story of hms bellona
			  this describes the war experiences of joseph pam who served on bellona and liverpool. it provides a good idea of what it was like to serve on a cruiser in ww2.
hms saumarez and scharnhorst
			  this is the story of ken sladen who served aboard the destroyer hms saumarez as a wireless telegraphist at the time of the battle with the scharnhorst.
hms phoebe 1940 - 1941
			  this describes the experiences of silvester mcdonald who served on phoebe as a medical assistant until her torpedoing in august 1941. it includes a harrowing description of recovering the bodies from a magazine flooded by the torpedo hit.
loss of hmas sydney
			  this is the story of the sinking of hmas sydney by the german commerce raider kormoran - it is told by a crewman of kormoran and was originally published in the sydney morning herald.
hms sirius 1943
			  this story concludes with the ill-fated attack on kos by force h in which sirius was attacked by the luftwaffe and badly damaged.
			gashboat - hms coventry at  narvik
			  this extract is taken from gash boat - hms coventry 1939-42, by frank chadwick. it is written very much in the style of the lower deck, and describes the battle against the luftwaffe in norway, and the loss of the cruisers effingham and curlew, and the aircraft-carrier glorious.
hms exeter at the river plate
			  norman schofield was a telegraphist on the exeter during the river plate action. he spent the latter stages of the war in a japanese pow camp after the sinking of the exeter in the java sea. his family found this account of the action while going through some of his old papers. 
a boy seaman on hms diadem
			  boy seaman edward collins tells the story of his experiences joining the navy, and his winter service on hms diadem in the arctic. this is a revealing tale of life in the navy at war.
the nine lives of a stoker on hms dorsetshire 
                          how a stoker survived the sinking of the cruiser dorsetshire and made his way home. the story centres around the events on 5th april 1942 in the indian ocean.
hms dorsetshire from bismarck to indian ocean
			  this is the story of walter fudge who served on dorsetshire from the sinking of the bismarck through to her loss in the indian ocean in april 1942. it is a matter of fact description of events told with the usual rn humour.
oh what a lovely war !
			  walter fudge returns ! this is walter's continuing story of his war - it is told with the same wry humour describing the amusing things that happened to him, as well as retelling how he only just missed being sent to hms hood.
hms cleopatra from 1941 to mid 1943
                        	  this is a short story told in simple words of his majesty's ship  cleopatra.
hms cleopatra 1945
				  rex taylor served on hms cleopatra from late 1944 until it returned home from the far east. rex describes the end of the war in the far east.
hms cleopatra in the med
			  this was sent in by debra wright whose husband's grandfather walter stewart, served on hms cleopatra for a couple of years, in the 6in magazine. his account of the time is very compelling. it is a very human picture of life during the war and of the lower deck at the time. 
crete and hms fiji
			  the battle for crete and 22nd may 1941 in particular, was a bad time for the royal navy, both in the loss of ships and men. this short story retells the experiences of leading seaman walker, an asdic operator on fiji. she was sunk shortly after hms gloucester. the loss of life from fiji was much less than gloucester because the navy was able to send destroyers to pick up survivors - for reasons that are now obscure, gloucester was not as lucky.
hms scylla on d-day
			  william goff was in the wheelhouse of scylla during the d-day period. he kept a diary which shows a wealth of detail, as well as the usual salty rn humour.
the sinking of the bismarck
			  this is an extract from battleship bismarck, by burkard baron von mullenheim-rechberg. he was gunnery officer and the highest ranking survivor. it shows how awful the last moments of the ship were. the accounts of men escaping from the lower decks through the wreck are harrowing and graphic.
heels in line
				  this is an extract from the book by j.e. pryce, describing the last moments of hms gloucester, and the many hours he spent in the water waiting for rescue, watching many of his shipmates die. 
the journal of the surgeon of hms gloucester
			
		  this is part of the journal of surgeon lieutenant commander hugh singer describing the sinking of gloucester and the traumatic events that followed as they waited for rescue.
hms birmingham
			  ken and alf walls served on hms birmingham from the time it was commissioned to early in 1941. 
graf spee
				  these extracts provide an interesting and detailed insight into the little known intelligence activities that went on while graf spee was moored in montevideo harbour.
lucky lady
				  these extracts provide a gripping view of the war in the pacific as experienced from the decks of the uss santa fe. 
hms argonaut
				  these extracts describe the wartime adventures of surgeon lieutenant commander henley, who served in the argonaut from her commissioning until her torpedoing and subsequent struggle back to algeria and gibraltar.
hms black prince
				  this is an extract from the diary of hubert hughes who served on black prince from her completion in november 43 until she was handed over to new zealand in may 1946. it is a warm-hearted story that very much describes life in a rn cruiser in ww2. 
hmas canberra
				  mackenzie gregory was the officer-of-the-watch on canberra, 9th august 1942, when the battle of savo island commenced. it provides a first-hand account of the battle, together with some useful background material. well worth reading.
hms eskimo
				  this is the down to earth story of john manners the first lieutenant served on eskimo through many of the key actions of the war, including pedestal, the russian convoys, torch and husky. 
hms bedouin
			  this is the story of sherard manners who served on bedouin as gunnery control officer through the malta convoy operation harpoon, leading up to her sinking on the 15th june 1942 after taking on several italian cruisers.
hms aurora and force k
                        
                                 two letters from jock offord serving on aurora in 1941 and 1942, to his wife. they describe the force k action which destroyed a supply convoy to reinforce the german army in africa, and the part played by aurora in operation torch, the invasion of north africa in november 1942
hms dido at crete
                                
                                     leading seaman richard broadway was in harbour at durban while hms dido was undergoing urgent repairs following action in crete. he wrote home the following letter which graphically describes the actions of dido, ajax and orion. he saw b turret hit and recalls his shipmates killed. 


----------------------------------
idaho and texas - at the rear of the battle line, during battle fleet practice off the california coast, circa 1930. nh 73834rate this photo





9676.925423 ----------------------------------



following is a summary of the actions recorded on the site. they can all be found under the actions menu. 
the battle of the river plateby 13th december 1939 the graf spee had sunk several merchant vessels and tied up a substantial part of the fleet. just after dawn exeter, ajax and achilles spotted smoke on the horizon.
the second battle of sirte
		  malta was the key to land and sea operations in the mediterranean. on 21 march 1942 a convoy was sent to malta from alexandria. the escort consisted of 15th cruiser squadron, cleopatra, euryalus and dido, the anti-aircraft cruiser carlisle and fourteen destroyers. british submarines reported the battleship littorio with two heavy cruisers, one light cruiser and ten destroyers.
the loss of hms neptune
		 on the night of 19 december 1941, force k, consisting of neptune, aurora, penelope were steaming some 20 miles north of tripoli. they were confidently expecting to intercept a convoy of which details had been received from intelligence sources. instead, they ran into a minefield.
the battle of north cape
		
			  convoy jw55b left loch ewe in scotland for russia on 20 december 1943. vice-admiral robert burnett formed close escort as force 1 in belfast, with norfolk and sheffield. distant cover was provided by force 2 under admiral bruce fraser with the battleship duke of york, the cruiser jamaica and destroyers. scharnhorst, flying the flag of rear admiral eric bey, and destroyers left on christmas day 1943 with the mission to attack and destroy the convoy. shortly after 09.00 on 26 december belfast gained radar contact on scharnhorst to the south-east of the convoy.
operation rheinubung - the bismarck action
			 kattegat today 20th may 1941. at 1500 two large warships, escorted by three destroyers, five escort vessels, ten or twelve aircraft, passed marstrand course north-west. bismarck and prinz eugen were on their way. operation rheinubung had begun which was to result in the loss of two battleships and some 3,300 sailors lives. 
the battle of savo island
			 japan had been building a major airstrip on guadalcanal island and had almost completed it. to forestall this the americans sent in the marines to seize it, which they did without too much difficulty. the problem was whether they could hold it. vice-admiral mikawa left rabaul with five heavy and two light cruisers and a destroyer ordered to take energetic steps to throw out the americans before they could become established. defending the transports was vice-admiral crutchley with a mixed force of 2 australian and 5 us cruisers and 8 destroyers.
the loss of uss atlanta at gudalcanal
			 it is friday the thirteenth of november, 1942. thirteen usn cruisers and destroyers are prowling the waters off savo island, adjacent to guadalcanal, in the hope of forestalling a bombardment force of imperial navy warships, including two battleships. the uss atlanta is the fifth ship in the american column, behind a vanguard of four destroyers and followed by several cruisers and several additional destroyers. the enemy is out there, somewhere.
	
d-day
			  it is the night of the 5th / 6th june 1944. after months of planning operation overlord is in progress. dempsey's second british army was to be landed between arromanches and the mouth of the orne at ouistreham on three beaches code-named gold, juno and sword. the first us army under bradley would be landed on either side of the carentan estuary, on two beaches named omaha and utah. these stories concentrate on the naval side of the operation, code-named operation neptune.
the loss of hms cornwall and hms dorsetshire
			 it is april 4th 1942, prince of wales and repulse have already been lost. cornwall and dorsetshire leave ceylon to intercept a japanese carrier group.
operation pedestal
			 this was probably the hardest fought convoy action of the war - between august 10th - 14th 1942, an escort of 2 battleships, 3 fleet carriers and 6 cruisers fought through a convoy to malta of 13 merchant ships and a tanker. four merchants arrived, plus the tanker ohio, the story of ohio being one of the most amazing of the war. an aircraft carrier and two cruisers were lost, another carrier and two cruisers were badly damaged. i recommend you listen at least to the two sound clips on the sinking of the waimarama
hms ledbury
			  this is an amazing story of bravery and determination. ledbury was an escort destroyer during pq17, when the force was ordered to leave the convoy to their fate because of the threat from the tirpitz. the captain was determined not to repeat that experience and during pedestal when the waimarama blew up she went into the flames to rescue the crew. later she helped tow the tanker ohio into malta.
the loss of bartolomeo colleoni
			 it is early morning of the 19th july 1940, and the two italian cruisers bartolomeo colleoni and giovanni delle bande nere are off crete investigating reported british activity in greek waters when they run into four british destroyers, soon supported by the australian cruiser sydney and another destroyer.
the action between hipper and glowworm
			  on april 5th 1940 the british navy commenced minelaying in norwegian waters, supported by vice admiral whitworth in the battlecruiser renown, and 4 destroyers. at the same time german forces had initiated the invasion of norway, supported by a large naval group composed of the battlecruisers scharnhorst and gneisenau, the heavy cruiser hipper, and 14 destroyers. glowworm had got separated from the force and at 7.10 on the 8th april sighted 2 enemy destroyers, and at 07.59 signalled renown that she was going into action. 
the battle for crete and the sinking of hms gloucester
			  this story has everything - bravery against extreme odds, individual heroism, remarkable survival stories, and tragically very considerable loss of life. there are also many unanswered questions - why was gloucester exposed to such risks when it was known she was almost out of ammunition, why was the fleet divided exposing the smaller groups, and why were the survivors not rescued by the british navy ? this report goes some way to providing the answers - i guess we will never know the whole truth.
operation duck
			  this is a relatively unknown part of the invasion of norway in april 1940 when hms suffolk and a group of destroyers were ordered to bombard stavanger airfield. an important heavy cruiser with weak aa armament was exposed to 7 hours of continuous luftwaffe attack - she arrived home badly damaged with her quarter deck awash. this was one of the earliest air attacks on a heavy ship in ww2.


----------------------------------
following is an example ship profile. they can be found in the art menu.


----------------------------------

the following letters very nicely sum up what the site is abouti just read your article, my dad, leslie bowes, was on hms arethusa for 7 years, 39-46, he never talked much about what happened on it, in fact as a kid i used to tease him about the ship having such a goofy name. he died some years ago, in fact one of the the few things i still have of my dads are his war medals. it really hits home just what those men went through and the sacrifices they made.
thank you
david bowes
thank you for the cruiser and battleship sites for ww2. my father served in revenge and finding info on your site that totally relates to the stories he told us is amazing. seeing other people's enquires too, is amazing as it confirms the pain and emotional conflict that so many veterans were left with, leaving us, as near relatives, unable to understand why so many would not speak or could not settle adequately back to civilian life.
again thanks for all your hard work
ian size
this is a wonderful site. my father charles watters was a survivor of the gloucester and died in 1981. it brought tears to my eyes viewing the photos and reading the stories of what he endured. if anyone knows of him please contact me at this site.
thank you s montgomery canada

i first started building this site in the 1990s, basically as i have a technology background, to find out how html worked. i have always had an interest in the navy so it seemed a good choice, and no-one else was doing anything similar. since then it has grown a bit! i got a lot of pleasure building it, and a particular satisfaction in exchanging information with people who were there on ships in ww2, or their relatives. sadly, there are not many left, and it is a while since i had a new contact. i hope you gain some use from it, and perhaps an improved knowledge of the period.
please let me know if you, or someone you know, has memories or ship photos you would like to publish. i very much appreciate all the photos, suggestions, corrections and contributions sent to me, keep them coming. much of the site is made up of your contributions. if you are interested in writing up a particular theme, ship or action for publication on the site, please let me know.
if you have a question please email me - the contact page is in the admin menu, but check the faq page first.
note to other webmasters: please do not copy any part of this site for use in any other site! i and many others put time and effort into research, typing and design. do your own work rather than copy mine.


