


boulder chiropractor co | network wellness center


























4043




skip to content
book onlinegoogle social buttonfacebook social buttoninstagram social buttonyoutube social buttonphone (303) 998-1000


menuhomeabout us

radio
blog
events
promotions
in the media
ebook download
good faith estimate


meet the doctors

meet the team


services

chiropractic care
networkspinal
pediatric chiropractic
pregnancy chiropractic
employee wellness
corescore 
heart rate variability 


you can be healthy

sciatica and back pain
neck pain
migraines and headaches 
scoliosis care
sports injuries
disc injuries
adhd care
stress & anxiety care
depression care
thyroid care


new practice members

new patient forms
your networkspinal guide
vip experience
free spine check


contact us


network wellness center




welcome to boulder's best chiropractic wellness center
for years, drs. richelle and daniel knowles have been welcoming practice members from all walks of life into their holistic, gentle chiropractic office for natural healing. discover how amazing your family can feel under their care!
meet the chiropractors 
about us
our services
new practice members
contact us





unlock your best you yet
at network wellness center
welcome to network wellness center, boulder’s top 5-star rated chiropractic office, where you immediately feel comfortable and at home. you’ll be cared for by a team that has vast expertise optimizing people’s experience of life through their spines and nerve systems.
happy spine, healthy you!
















you and your family will enjoy amazing, focused care from boulder chiropractors, drs. daniel and richelle knowles, through neurostructual optimization.



you can go fromordinary to extraordinary!


the care you receive from the network wellness center chiropractic team goes beyond the conventional care experience.  it's an honor to accompany you on your quest toward achieving an extraordinary life. you can experience more by achieving a happier, healthier spine and overall healthier body. best of all, your chiropractic care has no age restrictions. practice members of all ages from as early as birth to wise senior citizens are welcome here and will receive extraordinary results.


at network wellness center, the focus is on healing your body within, by assisting you to heal the underlying wounds in your spine and nervous system. addressing, resolving and retraining the neurostructural shifts of your spine and neurobehavioral patterns that are impacting your experience and perception of the world and your quality of life will lead to a life of optimal health.

you'll be working with boulder chiropractors drs. daniel & richelle knowles, who are widely regarded as top, leading-edge, neurostructural health practitioners in the world.



your health vision
when you receive care at network wellness center, the goal is to effectively serve you and all the families of our community with the highest quality chiropractic care that networkspinal care can deliver.
your healing comes from within. you are the true source of your healing. this is achieved by reducing interference caused by spinal subluxation, improving the health of your entire body, and enhancing your life experience. as you'll hear us say, 

"happy spine, healthy you!"




gentle, focused adjustments
at network wellness center, time is taken to listen to and understand your health concerns.  then, you and the doctors work together diligently to find the best solution possible for your particular health goals. you can take advantage of services including:

health consultations
spinal adjustments
some same-day and walk-in appointments
care for pregnant women
focused pediatric care



chiropractic care
networkspinal
pediatric chiropractic
employee wellness
pregnancy chiropractic




testimonials
i originally started care because of persistent back pain and now i experience much more comfort and much less stress.-pauline m.i came to nfwc because of back and gait issues that needed to be dealt with. the changes i have experienced are that my legs are balanced and don't ache anymore! my neck and back are getting so much better after a bad fall.-alicei was familiar with network care and happened to walk by the clinic by chance. the universe guided me here! i've experienced presence, clarity, perspective, balance, & serenity now.-justin.amazing care and people. my headaches have finally gotten better after ten years of suffering from daily headaches. i cannot thank them enough.-cailyn m.i came to nfwc originally for herniated disc/sciatica. i'm feeling way better overall and mental clarity, more balanced overall. the changes i have experienced are that i've had pain relief/more mental clarity also overall more balanced. also better awareness of physical changes.-jackson p.i came to nfwc because of neck and back pain and stayed because regular treatment has continued to move me toward better and better health- physical, mental, and spiritual. because of care i am sick much less often and i handle stress much better.-susan w.i had two good friends suggest i give network family wellness center a try. after care i have experienced a new world based on true healing.-brian n.i returned to network family wellness center because there is no one like drs danny and richelle knowles. i now feel much greater ease in my body, greater flexibility in my yoga practice, and more vitality in my everyday function.-suzanne p.i had constant neck pain, could not really turn my head and it stuck out. i had/have tried a lot of chiropractic with minimal improvement, so i was desperate as i could not do the things i wanted to do. since being at nfwc i have noticed a large amount of change. what really made sense was taking care of the spine and how the light and heavier touches can also affect the organs. i continually improve, stand up straighter, neck and body (back) coming more into alignment and limitations are vanishing.-roberti came to nfwc in 2008 because as a competitive swimmer i was having neck spasms and unable to turn my neck well. i have been coming since 2008, have had no spasms since then, and have just been told that i continue to improve! so committed.-donnie c.i had experienced inner-ear trauma and it had began to affect my proprioception and balance. after being in care i go about my life normally again.-connor c.i was looking for ways to improve my nervous system function & overall health, and have experienced grater calmness and awareness of my physical body as well as my moods and anxiety levels.-chris.i came to nfwc because i was in pain and experiencing migraines. after starting care i no longer get migraines and have much less pain than when i started!-barb w.i started care here because my friend had shared with me about the practice and it sparked my curiosity. i was looking for more balance, flow, and health for my body and mind. i now have much more freedom in my health and emotions, and lots of healing and ease in my body.-millie w. i started network care because was neck and back were in pain. my muscles were always tight and i was getting migraines. after being in care my breath is deeper, i have much less tension in my neck and shoulders and my headaches are much less frequent.-deb k .i came to network because i sit at a computer a lot and it has led me to notice changes in my posture and unable to partake in some activities like yoga. originally i came for overall wellness and to improve my flexibility. to my surprise, any eye strain i had previously has reduced significantly, my lungs have more capacity, and my body cares much more ease.-jaclyn g .i came to network because of my chronic back pain. now i have reduced pain and better quality of life!-ashlee a.i had a lot of neck and back pain when i first came here for care. now my neck hardly ever hurts anymore and i have noticed a huge improvement in my mood and my ability to breathe deeply. i am truly grateful for what the network team has done for me in such a short amount of time.-nikki j.my wife was in care before i was and she recommended i try it out because i was experiencing periodic low back pain, after being in care i have much greater ease in my back and when i get stressed, i find myself bouncing back much quicker than before.-andrew s.i tried network care because i had a lot of pain in my neck and have been healing from an auto-immune disease. now i feel better overall feel like my healing accelerates when i'm in care.-katie h.superbly professional, authentically caring, generously attentive, all within an atmosphere that is both high-energy in its administrative efficiency and sweetly serene in the calmness surrounding the treatment experience. i recommend them with pleasure and enthusiasm!-brian d.i came to nfwc because i was completely checked out, easily disassociated, i had lower back pain and very tight hips. all of this prevented me from going on long hikes, having consistent performance and quality mornings. i also used to really struggle to get going in the mornings. before i came to nfwc, i typically opted out of the things that brought me happiness. since starting chiropractic, my life has improved in so many ways that i have started taking more time in nature, following my joy, i've had more self compassion and i've been able to walk without limping!-seriah r.dr danny came and gave a lunch presentation in 2010 where i was working and offered a free spine evaluation, which showed me that i needed help! i no longer work there, which is great because now i run my own business doing what i love. i have a more positive outlook on life and feel more adaptable to the dynamics of life & people; i.e 'dancing through the storms of life'. i currently have no physical pain and am able to dance again!-susan.the boulder community has a diamond in network family wellness center. truly, i am where i am today because of chiropractic care. the network family wellness center team is of the most genuine and qualified around. you owe this to yourself; check them out!-andrew h.i had neck pain for 2 years that was never relieved by conventional chiropractic or massages. now my pain has decreased significantly and i have an increased sense of calmness.-elizabeth h.



the help you can receive
it will be a pleasure to meet you and focus on exactly what your body needs for healing be it physical, emotional, spiritual, or environmental. if you'd like to learn more and book an initial visit, you can begin your natural healing process today by calling(303) 998-1000 for an appointment.


frequently asked questions
are chiropractic adjustments worth it?
	it depends on your values. chiropractic care can be highly beneficial if you prioritize health and are willing to invest time and resources. evidence supports its positive impact on quality of life, athletic performance, aging, and immune health. if you're only seeking pain relief, there are less costly alternatives like pain medications. ultimately, the decision is yours.
do i have to go to a chiropractor for the rest of my life?
	no, you don't have to. just like exercise or dental care, you can choose to stop anytime. however, many people continue chiropractic care because they enjoy the health benefits. it's your choice based on your health goals and values.
should i go straight to a chiropractor?
	yes, you can go directly to a chiropractor without a referral. however, insurance coverage may vary. chiropractic care is different from physical therapy and focuses on preventative care and improving quality of life.
what is included in a chiropractic evaluation?
	evaluations vary by chiropractor. at network wellness center, we offer thorough assessments, including consultations, discovery exams, structural exams, postural assessments, neurological testing, and digital imaging, tailored to your health needs.
do you have on-site x-rays?
	yes, we have invested in top-level digital imaging. this ensures accurate assessments and recommendations, eliminating guesswork regarding your health.
can someone who has had back surgery have chiropractic care?
	absolutely. we care for many post-surgery patients. our gentle approach considers their specific needs, aiming to address underlying issues not fully resolved by surgery. chiropractic care can be beneficial for maintaining spinal integrity post-surgery.
	
how much does care cost at your practice?
	costs vary based on individual needs. we recommend a comprehensive consultation to assess your health concerns and goals. from there, we can provide personalized recommendations and cost estimates.
what kind of conditions do you address?
	we don't treat specific conditions but focus on optimizing your body's innate healing abilities. many patients experience improved health and function across various conditions. investing in overall health is the best approach to minimize health concerns.
 you'll receive a warm welcome and we'll learn more about each other at your complimentary consultation.


get started
phone: (303) 998-1000 
2449 pine st 
boulder, co 80302
contact us chiropractor boulder co | (303) 998-1000



email network wellness center




comments, requests, questions, or suggestions



first name
last name




respond to me via:



email





phone





no response





email address
phone number




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:
send message







request appointment (pending confirmation)





patient type



new patient





current patient





returning patient






first name
last name



email address
phone number



respond to me via:



email





phone





preferred day/time:


date


appointment hour

h
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12



appointment minute

m
00
15
30
45




am or pm



am





pm







comments or questions




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:

send message








network wellness center
2449 pine stboulder, co 80302
		phone: (303) 998-1000copyrightlegalprivacyaccessibilitysitemap


chiropractic websites by perfect patients






