





kawartha real estate agents and listings from prince edward county up to muskoka, haliburton, hastings, northumberland, peterborough, york, simcoe, durham counties

























home

central ontario
ttsw
kawartha
ontario cottages
cottage country ontario


listings
agents
email


















 



 



 







 


 

🖰 agent's website - click on card 🖰




 



 







 












🖰 agent's website - click on card 🖰












peterborough, kawartha lakes region










 















peterborough & county
the lakes: rice, katchewanooka, clear, stony, lovesick, lower buckhorn, buckhorn, chemong, little bald, big bald, pigeon. 
major points of interest: peterborough lift
lock, centential fountain, museums, golf courses, petroglyphs,
parks, dining, entertainment, accommodations and more. 
towns & villages can be found in the region like
peterborough, lakefield, buckhorn, bridgenorth, ennismore, millbrook, norwood, havelock, and
more. map


city of kawartha lakes
the lakes: pigeon, sturgeon, cameron, scugog, dalrymple and balsam. major points of interest: kirkfield lift lock, the central east correctional
centre, golf courses, parks, dining, entertainment, accommodations, lindsay agricultural exhibition, victoria rail trail and more. towns & villages are part of the city of kawartha lakes: lindsay, fenelon falls, bobcageon, woodville, omemee, kinmount, kirkfield, rosedale and  more. map



kawartha first nations
in anishinaabe language the area was known as, gaa-waategamaag, "land of reflections". changed by tourism promoters to kawartha, meaning "bright waters and happy lands". 
curve lake first nation people are of the mississaugas of the great anishnaabeg (uhnish-nahbe) nation. map 
hiawatha first nation are part of ojibway first nations. map



resources



weather - 7 day forecast


corona virus - canada details


corona virus - world details

911 - ambulance, fire, poison, police
opp - 1-888-310-1122
peterborough hospital - 705-743-2121
lindsay hospital - 705-324-6111
registered nurse - free access 24x7, 
telehealth ontario - 1-866-797-0000
currency converter






ttsw.ca - the trent severn waterway
the trent severn waterway web site offers printable maps, lock locations, gps coordinates, a distance chart from lock to lock, how the hydraulic lift lock works and map links for 35 towns with streets, grocery store and lcbo and beer store locations all sized to fit your phone or tablet.











central ontario region

we believe that if a group or a region is successful, all within are successful. for central ontario the catalyst that binds the region are tourists wanting to visit, people that leave other areas to settle here, real estate that meets and exceeds expectations along with great unique tourist attractions.


view the map and you can see that the trent severn waterway (ttsw) is the backbone of the region. it weaves and touches towns and villages that prosper and are in demand by people wishing to settle. many other attractions are available as well. farmer's markets, parks, first nations, festivals and the list can go on. 


what is the reason you ask for the agents ads at the top of the pages. simply, you want a local agent to address your real estate needs. they understand the value of properties in their respective areas plus all the pros and cons. for example does an agent from toronto understand the unique markets in the outlying counties? probably not as well as local. 



just like the ttsw (ttsw.ca) binds the regions we want central ontario and it's group of websites to bind the real estate market into a unique experience for seller and buyer alike. when it comes to web sites we will use the following to assist centralontario.com. thetrentsevernwaterway.com,  kawartha.com, ontariocottages.com, cottagecountryontario.com and canadianexposure.com to give it a broader view.














resources
 durham region - whitby
 haliburton county - minden
 hastings county - belleville
 kawartha lakes - lindsay
 muskoka - bracebridge
 northumberland county - cobourg
 peterborough county - peterborough
 prince edward county - picton
 simcoe county - midhurst
 york region - woodbridge 


canadian news

national  post - canada
global news - canada
ctv news - canada
toronto star - canada
the rebel - canada
the correspondent - canada/world
vancouver sun - canada
montreal gazette - canada
conservative party of canada	
liberal party of canada	
ndp party of canada	
green party of canada	



world news
fox news - us
	bbc - uk
epoch times canada
der speigal - germany
le parisien - france, translated
the japan news - japan 
itar-tass - russia
reuters
brietbart - us
cnn - us
daily express - uk 
daily mail -  uk
the sun - uk  



world news
emirate 24/7 - uae	 
jerusalem post - israel	 
nl times -  netherlands 
abence france-presse
ap top
deutsche presse-agentur
indo-asian news service
interfax
kyodo
pravda - translated
press trust india
upi
yonhap









central ontario
trent severn waterway
kawartha
ontario cottages
cottage country ontario
contact form - hcal.ca






copyright ©  

by kawartha, central ontario, all rights reserved,


design by kawartha















