




the harbour school | individualized education in annapolis & baltimore
























calendar
admissions process
news


annapolis campus
410-974-4248 












baltimore campus
443-394-3760 





welcome to the harbour schoolour missionprograms & servicessocial life at harbouradmission processtestimonialslearning challengesharbour students and parentsschool calendarharbour in picturesstaff directorylunch menuptoresourcestechnology resourcesresource listeducational approachacademicsvillage curriculumgraduation requirementssocial life at harbourtransition & career centersocial developmentharbour graduateslife after harbour schoolalumni storiesgraduate surveycontact the harbour schoollocations and directionssupport harbour

annapolis campus
410-974-4248
baltimore campus
443-394-3760 







academicsthe academic program is an individualized competency-based curriculum. the student’s strengths are emphasized while needs are being addressed.
each student has an individualized education plan (iep) that is updated annually.learn moreour missionthe harbour school began in 1982 with the belief that all children can learn and that children learn most when they are taught the way they learn best.
we continue to believe that today. our tremendously supportive environment is hard to beat! learn moresocial life at harbourextracurricular social activities are encouraged at the harbour school. social competence is an important component to the harbour school program.
the harbour school offers activities including after-school sports, drama productions, and school dances.learn morethe harbour school photo galleryin our photo gallery, you will see photos of students and staff engaged in learning, field trips, performances, graduation, village activities and so much more.
the harbour school strives to create an environment for our students to flourish academically and sociallylearn more






providing a very special education since 1982.
harbour magic happens every day at the harbour school. harbour is different from most other campuses. at harbour school kids come first. our philosophy has real school implications when it comes to teachers creating individualized education for each student. students do not have to adjust to our way of teaching; we adjust to the students’ way of learning. related services staff know that all families are different and we embrace that difference in working with families and in assigning consequences for student behavior.
the harbour school curriculum is unique too.
every course has specific competencies that students demonstrate. there are no tests at harbour except those that are required by the maryland state department of education. students demonstrate what they have learned through learning activities rather than working their way through chapters in a book. a student completes a course when that student is done with the competencies for the course. that could take a full semester or not. pacing is student-based not guide-based.
at both harbour school’s baltimore and annapolis campuses, you can feel the difference when you walk through the door. there is a family feeling to the school. we frequently talk about the harbour family and it is true. you will never see an administrator sitting behind a desk and talking at students, families or staff. we all work together as one partnership to create the best possible outcomes for each individual student. 

upcoming events
full calendar


   mar 17    school closed...	   apr 14    spring break...	   may 02    prom...	





what’s happening


  welcome to the best place you will ever work!click "learn more" to view a short video produced by our staff and students - and hear the benefits of becoming a member of the harbour family! learn more  dr. jacobs is a proud university of maryland alumnus!read about dr. jacobs' background at the university of maryland - and her inspiration for the creation of the harbour school! learn more  the harbour school's 2024 graduate surveyclick "learn more" to review the work and learning outcomes of the harbour school's 2024 graduate survey. learn more  maryland nonprofitsths is a proud member of maryland nonprofits!   learn more  the harbour school is a top workplace!the harbour school won its tenth consecutive baltimore sun top workplaces award in 2023!  the designation of harbour as a top workplace is based on an anonymous survey of current staff members, rating satisfaction with the workplace in a wide range of areas.   learn more  the lids foundation gives our career center a new foundation!the lids foundation continued showing its support for people with disabilities by providing the leading donation for a complete renovation of the career center at our annapolis campus.  lids employs thousands of people with disabilities worldwide.  the harbour school is grateful for their support in creating a whole new world for our students to prepare for the working world after high school. learn more  ths baltimore is a maryland green school!the maryland green school award represents a school-wide commitment to environmental literacy that includes staff, students, and the community.  each maryland green school is part of a national and international community working to create a more sustainable future. learn more 



dr. j tells it like it is
2/18/2025kids first don't take it for granted it’s been 50 years since the us congress decided that every child, including those with disabilities, were entitled to a free and appropriate education.   when president gerald ford signed the bill into law, he made a point of saying he was signing the bill because of the political pressure but he was sure, the goal of the bill would never happen...learn more 







 





  


employment opportunities
pto
contact us
testimonials
harbour in pictures
resources
blog
 

make a donation 









