







wf meyers






























































































cart
















0
















              quarrying
            

              slabbing
            

              cnc tooling
            

              about
            

              faqs
            

            shop
          



              contact
            












































cart
















0











quarryingslabbingcnc toolingaboutfaqsshop







diamond tools




contact









scroll








stonecutting toolsthe belts and equipment you need to work smarter, faster, and ahead of schedule.




    view video
  

 












  

products & services

   








quarryingefficient transformation of in-the-ground stone into blocks for fabricating

  






slabbinglonger equipment life and better cutting performance

  






cnc toolinga wide variety of custom polycrystalline diamond or diamond-plated tooling

 


“i’ve always just used wf meyers belts, and performance wise we’d never go anywhere else.”

— brad mobley, indiana limestone fabricators






   

even the best equipment fails when paired with the wrong stone type.



you need more than a supplier. you need a strategic partner who understands your stone type, your tools, your process and how to make your equipment last.

  

experienceknowing the right tool for the job is at the heart of wf meyers. for 130 years and five generations, our team has delivered diamond tools and machinery designed to work for you.



craftsmanshipwe live by the idea that there is no one-size-fits-all piece of equipment. our team helps select tools that are best-equipped for the work you do, maximizing your speed and equipment life.



innovationtime is money. we understand that.  at wf meyers, we develop reliable belts and machines that reduce overhead and speed production.

  
















built to give you an edge.
we are a family-owned company with over 130 years of experience in diamond tooling and machinery.learn more about wf meyers



  



“tell us what your challenges are. bring us your problems. bring us your headaches. let us dive into our experience and find something that’s going to work for your particular issue.”

— alex barnes, president






 

avoid downtime • increase production • decrease overheadstonecutting is rugged work that calls for tough equipment and experience.




    talk to an expert
  


























































































introduction



products & services



experience



about



contact



new gallery










© wf meyerswf meyers1008 13th streetbedford, in 47421(812) 275-4485(800) 457-4055



quarryingslabbingcnc tooling



aboutfaqscontactshoplegal



















