






aging wiselyhome page - aging wisely
 















































































call us today at 727-447-5845








home
our team
testimonials
areas of operation
contact us
» our blog

aging wisely
linda's journal


gifts for seniors





senior care and disability consultations
we know many caregivers are concerned about older family members’ wellbeing. you need to know the best and most cost-effective senior care options. we offer the ideal solution for caregivers through our consultation appointments. need advice on what to do when diagnosed with alzheimer’s disease or concerned about memory issues or what to do when your elderly parent shouldn’t be driving?

find out more about our care consultations


featured links

as featured on forbes.com prepare for elder care
aging wisely video: a caregiver’s perspective
medicare 2017– save time and money with the facts!



your family’s advocate
helping caregivers to navigate an increasingly complex
system of elder care

experience
aging wisely provides a unique combination of services to meet the needs of caregivers. you benefit from our expertise and the best in customer service and attention to resolve your concerns. we can be your “eyes and ears” locally to ensure your loved one’s well-being. you benefit from:

over fifteen years experience doing business in the local area
highly qualified professional staff with ongoing training and specializations
knowledge of local resources, facilities, and benefits
one call to access all the help you need
thorough communication and follow through
independent advocacy: we work for you
your own personal online health record and dynamic caregiver portal, for improved continuity of care

see samples of our case notes for an idea of the many things we can do for your family.


comprehensive services

home safety/on-site assessments (includes evaluation of home environment, medication compliance, needs for assistance, level of care, eligibility for services)
care planning and recommendations for a wide variety of services and solutions tailored to the individual
coordination of community services (medical, in home care, care facilities, medicaid programs, equipment, financial and legal services)
arranging for and monitoring services, overseeing care for caregivers at a distance
insurance/benefits assistance
help choosing the right assisted living or nursing facility
alzheimer’s/dementia support
counseling, education and guidance
mental health and substance abuse support
advocacy
home health coordination and monitoring
disability services/special needs assistance

 











get more information

care management faq
helpful resources
employment opportunities
florida medicaid & medicare
press & community
aging wisely brochure




 popular downloads



we have put a few of our elder care handouts on line for your convenience.

concerns about hired caregivers
taking away the keys: don’t wait for the police to call
convincing your parents they need help
...see more handouts



payment concerns
not sure how you are going to pay for elder care?


is the time right?
find out if its time to seek help for your loved one.


aging in place
how to keep a loved one safe at home, and when it may be time to consider assisted living.








 get our newsletter!







this form needs javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support.  sign up here instead 




 mission statement



our goal is to enable every individual we work with to live the most fulfilling life possible, with utmost dignity, focusing on their physical, mental, spiritual, family and financial wellbeing.









 









florida elder care services in pinellas, pasco, and hillsborough counties

1180 ponce de leon blvd., ste. 701  clearwater, fl 33756

phone: 727-447-5845 |  fax: 727-461-0001 
all content ©

  

agingwisely, llc ™



















