






aya educational institute


































































































































































join the melanin 
healing science 
movement. join a 
class or host one.



enrolling students now!



















































































zoom id: 4042929002































































aya is…
1. high tech / high culture / high touch
2. afrikan-centered academic and cultural rigor
3. community accountability for academic and social development















































online open house. see 2023-24 schedule


past classes















2023-2024


araminta
us history 1820-1913





architecture
forms follows function


language arts 


comparative gov.
state | us | international


origins of world civ.


earth science
environmental science


aquaponics 










enrolling students now!



















































weekend academy | 
tutorials | test prep


















334-380-0204








open 
house























































































family, our community and the world has been beset by what we 
know as covid-19 - a novel coronavirus and the various 
governmental responses. life as we know it has been upended. 
on mondays and saturdays until june 6th, aya educational insitute will 
continue to promote a multi-pronged response to facilitate our community 
succeeding during these tough times. we call it ngolo (energy/power)! 





























































support aya
join here




















































couples retreats


something is hi-jacking your love story. 
take it back! become the author or your 
own love story!



3-day warrior - healer - builder retreat
fri: 7-9pm |sat: 10am-10pm |
sun: 10-5























































if you missed the 100-mile ride or thought it was a bit much, c'mon for 
aya educational institute's idaride. 
sponsor riders: www.tinyurl.com/idasponsor
join us for the ride: www.tinyurl.com/idaride
you don't need a new road bike or fancy spandex pants. click on the 
rider link and we'll contact you and together, we'll make sure everyone is 
ready for the ride. 
it's only 15 miles out, and 15 miles back on the flat part of the silver 
comet trail (starting at the mavell road trailhead)
you can do it, and aya educational institute can sure use the help for 
scholarships for both youth and adult programs. c'mon, you know our 
work. please support us. also, come out to learn more about us and how 
you can benefit and how you can support the work of aya educational 
institute
7 am - 10 am - we're out while it's cool and back before the july sun can 
make us wish for fall. we celebrate ida b. wells-barnett when 
we're done! the celebration will include excerpts from ida's speeches, 
snippets from her life, lesson plans for teaching about her, and more. 
we'll also focus on ida's lessons for us today! 
for those of you who want the 100-mile trek, it's coming back in october.











































