












home -















































 










skip to content





 





presentations
resources
contact
(641) 919-1558
 










home 




quote1“no expenditure of our tax dollars yields as high a return as our investment in public schools.”quote2“you cannot touch a school without touching the culture of the surrounding town.”quote3“we all have skin in this game, whether or not we have kids in school.”


an award winning champion and
articulate defender of america’s public schools


jamie vollmer helps superintendents and their
boards inspire their staffs and increase public
support for their schools.
his speeches, workshops, videos, and print
resources help close the community
engagement gap and pave the way for greater
student achievement.
in over 2,700 speeches, jamie has used logic, statistics,
and humor to provide his audiences with the tools they
need to work together to unfold the full potential of every child.








learn morefounder of the schools cannot do it alone network





a growing coalition of educators and their allies working state-by-state to increase public support for america’s public schools.learn morean acclaimed keynote and workshop presenter





energize your staff and community


with passion, statistics, and humor, jamie vollmer has informed and entertained tens of thousands of educators, board members, parents, and community leaders from coast to coast. his enthusiastic defense of public education has been praised. his insistence that schools cannot do it alone has been cheered. in each presentation, jamie provides practical advice and field-tested tools that educators and their allies can use to increase understanding, trust, and support for their schools. vollmer’s involvement boosts the “yes” vote in bond and levy campaigns. he can customize his keynotes and workshops to accommodate any format, from after dinner remarks to four hour, interactive sessions. everyone who hears him will be excited and energized at the end of the day. ​


learn more


“a home run! jamie was the right man, with the right message, at the right time.
we are so happy we invited him.”georgia association of educational leaders


partial client list
















connect with jamie

 

the book
posters
blueberry

© jamie vollmer. all rights reserved.
 






























