












parti communiste du canada (marxiste–léniniste)








































































marxist-leninist party of canada 

home
contact us
become a member
contributions


français february 17, 2025

 

 


 


spark radio on trump inaugurationabout cpc(m-l)hardial bains -- a man of revolutionary actionmalicious editing of wikipediapmlqmarxist-leninist party
of quebec
anniversariesanniversaries
victory at stalingradstory of hatuey, hero of resistancedresden fire bombing - allied war crimedresden fire bombing
allied war crime
95th anniv communist party vietnamarchivesarchives
world stands with palestinetml supplements
the world stands with palestine
mlpc programthe party monumentcpc(m-l)'s memorial





 




tuesday, february 18, 2025
full support for amazon workers!
no to government’s facilitation of amazon’s dictate against workers and people of quebec!

women’s memorial marches
• across the country demands for justice ring out 



 join our mailing list


email address*

namepostal codeemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ


 





support wet’suwet’en land defenders 
february 18



for information,
click here.


stand with the palestinian resistance!
february 19-23



calendar of events





 





february 14, 2025
february 14 women’s memorial marches
• all out to support the families of missing and murdered indigenous women and girls!
• wet’suwet’en land defenders court support date, february 18

february 13, 2025
u.s. imposition of tariffs on imported steel and aluminum
• oligarchs have nation-wrecking in common








this website is operated by the communist party of canada (marxist-leninist). 
cpc(m-l) is registered by elections canada as marxist-leninist party of canada.
national office: p.o. box 666, station c, montreal, qc h2l 4l5
e-mail: info@cpcml.ca.
to unsubscribe: postmaster@cpcml.ca.
to report technical problems: webmaster@cpcml.ca.
privacy policy





























