


lan messenger, office chat – secure team messaging app.











 












≡


products

softros lan messenger
network time system
logonexpert
transparent lock screen



store

softros lan messenger
network time system
logonexpert



downloads

softros lan messenger
network time system
logonexpert



support


company

about us
resellers
our policies






softros lan messenger
terminal services engine
download trial
buy now
online help
articles
🌐︎deutschespañolfrançaisitalianoportuguêspolskitürkçe简体中文 




softros lan messengerquick overview of key features
▶








				video is not available due to technical issue.
			


			want to try softros lan messenger?
			download your free trial now!





					screenshots
				

quick information:
current version:
					12.4.1
					
					supported platforms:
 windows
					xp, vista, 7, 8, 10, 11, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016, 2019, 2022
 macos 10.9 – 15
 android 5.1 – 15

					
					supported networks:
					intranet / lan / wan

					included languages:
					english, dutch, french, german, italian, polish, portuguese (brazilian), slovenian, spanish, swedish, turkish, chinese (simplified)				


				softros lan messenger is an easy-to-use lan messaging application for safe, secure
				and effective intra-office communication. it does not require a server to run and
				is very easy to install. softros lan im comes with a variety of handy features such as pc-to-pc messaging,
				group lan chat rooms, broadcast messaging to quickly notify selected individuals
				or groups about an event, and also drag-and-drop file transfer to exchange files and folders between
				staff members. all messages and files exchanged by the users are securely encrypted and never go outside your local
				company network, which guarantees that no unauthorized person will ever read your private correspondence or access
				your sensitive data.
			

security, safety and privacy
					the softros lan chat software encrypts all data with aes-256 and works strictly within your company network as self-hosted chat.
					this allows your employees to safely exchange messages and files, while discouraging them from chatting
					with people outside the organization. it also saves your internet bandwidth and minimizes the number of
					opened firewall ports that could result in outside hacker attacks and im worms.
				
ease of installation and use
					the instant messenger from softros has a very intuitive interface and requires no additional training.
					all you need to do is install and run it on each network computer. users themselves can easily configure
					the program without requesting assistance from the it staff.
				
serverless messenger
					you do not need to set up and maintain a dedicated office messaging server – our im tool is a stand-alone
					peer-to-peer based application.
				
individual and group conversations
					exchange messages with just one or multiple users at the same time.
				
group messaging
					notify individual users or whole user groups about an event by sending out a broadcast message.
				
offline messaging
					send messages to users even when they are offline. offline messages are received when the users come
					back online. no server or dedicated storage is required for this.
				
file transfer
					easily exchange documents with your colleagues. just drag and drop a file or folder on the recipient's
					icon in the user list or on the conversation you are having with them.
				
broadcast file transfer
					you can easily send files and folders to multiple users at the same time right within a group conversation or a broadcast message.
				
send messages and files via command line
					use the built-in command line tool to send messages and files to users, groups, ip addresses, and computer names.
				
user groups
					arrange your co-workers in groups by department or job title. you also can add users to multiple groups at the same time.
				
message history
					keep track of your messages by saving them locally or to a network share. view, search through and print out
					your correspondence with other employees using the built-in history viewer.
				
remote desktop sharing
					request remote assistance using lan messenger, and the colleague on the other end will securely connect
					to your desktop to help you configure windows, install an application, or resolve a technical issue.
					desktop sharing functionality is based on microsoft's remote assistance technology.
				
multi-user video conferencing
					ensure the highest level of security for video meetings (video calls), strictly within your company's network, or across its branches.
                    no need for a server, third-party internet service, or even an internet connection. no call limits and no leaks of confidential information.
				
terminal services support
					full support of microsoft and citrix terminal services environments (including the remoteapp and xenapp application virtualization technologies).
				
active directory, entra id, and domain support
					softros intranet messenger seamlessly works in a correctly set up domain controller environment with active directory or entra id (formerly azure ad).
					users' full names retrieved from active directory or entra id are displayed in the user list, while their sids are used
					for identification purposes within the program.
				
lan, wan, vpn and vlan support
					enhanced functionality of the softros local chat application allows you to link your company locations or subnets
					into a office chat environment. just connect your subnets physically, virtually or with a vpn and then
					configure the program by referring to our detailed help system.
				
network wide group policy deployment
					in a domain controller environment, deploying the softros messaging software, its license and settings
					across the network can be easily done through group policy.
				
importing, exporting and pre-configuring user settings
					in case your company does not have a domain controller with active directory, softros lan messenger allows you to
					automate distribution of its settings (network settings, user groups, license file, administrative restrictions)
					using certain built-in features.
				
restricting user access
					administrators can selectively restrict access to most features of the softros work chat communication software.
				
sdk tool kit
					if you run on-premises crm/billing/invoicing software and want to automate the process of sending messages, notifications
					and files, softros lan messenger comes with an sdk api tool kit allowing you to integrate it into your system.
					the toolkit comes complete with c++, c#, and delphi examples to help you get started.
				





privacy policy
contact us
about us

© softros systems. 2025






〈
 〉
×



