



what's on in wiltshire, salisbury visitor information - south wilts community web swcw













community web service allows local groups, businesses and individuals the chance
to build and maintain websites for free.
information point for tourist and holiday makers to find out what's 
on in wiltshire, community and salisbury visitor information.
search wiltshire based business, clubs and societies.
if you are located outside wiltshire and want to know more about community web click here



text
          version

















 

























about community web -
tutorial -


















 
community web
supporting local causes















help at hand!
do you need help to get your community web page up and running?
if so please email mail@cravenplan.co.uk





south
                wiltshire community web: your own on-line community
the south wiltshire community web was set up by the south
                wiltshire
                strategic alliance, a partnership that brought together all of
                south
                wiltshire's major public and private sector agencies. funding
                was secured
                from the government's pathfinder programme.
the idea is simple - to allow local groups, businesses and individuals
                the
                chance to build and maintain websites for free. by may 2004,
                over 400 local
              groups were using the site generating 3 million hits every year.




dear wiltshire community web user
 as of the 1 august 2011, due to funding cuts, wiltshire council will no longer manage or fund the wiltshire community web. 
the site is now managed, free of charge, by cravenplan, the original developers
if you have any queries or require support please contact cravenplan





this site gives you the opportunity 
            to search your local community 
            for details of services and what's 
            on in south wiltshire. it also enables you to create a website free of
              charge.





events





latest news





about the site & tutorial




new to south wilts?
in-depth tutorial
                now available for 
            users
click here
click here to read about the
              site from planning to launch.




wcw featured sites






kennet – 
flights over wiltshire
north wiltshire – 
lansdowne hall
west wiltshire – 
the deverills and crockerton
south wilts – 
mark wareham - family history
downton buildings
idyllists

full site list


















 





cravenplan salisbury
©2010 wiltshire council





 





whats on whats to do and things to do in salisbury, wiltshire   |   mere area   |   tisbury   |   wilton
   |   northern wiltshire
   |   southern wiltshire

part of the community web group of sites; wakefield | west oxfordshire | south wiltshire | west wiltshire | north wiltshire |  kennet

maintained by cravenplan near salisbury





