

















skip to main content














 search this site
 search all sites


                            ✖ close
                        




state of nevada department of business & industry nevada attorney for injured workers 







state agencies
state jobs
ada assistance




  home





homenaiw's roleinjured workersinjured workersfiling a worker's compensation claimclaim benefitslost wages and expensesif your claim is deniedthe hearing officer levelthe appeals officer levelclaim reopeningbenefitsbenefitstemporary total disabilitypermanent partial disabilityvocational rehabilitationmileage reimbursementdeath benefitsforms for downloadadditional resourcescontact uscontact uslas vegas office driving directionscarson city office driving directionsada notice










the nevada attorney for injured workers websitepreviousnext


website linksinjured at work? what to dohow to file a claimwhat to do if your claim, or request for benefits, is deniedexplanation of workers' compensation benefitsyour appearance before the hearing officer - what to expectappeal the hearing officer how to reopen a closed claim


office for consumer health assistance
our mission: to allow all nevadans access to the information they need regarding their health care concerns. to assist consumers and injured employees in understanding their rights and responsibilities under various health care plans and policies of industrial insurance.
3320 w. sahara ave., suite 100las vegas, nevada 89102phone: (702) 486-3587fax: (702) 486-3586toll free: 1 (888) 333-1597email: cha@govcha.nv.govwebsite: https://adsd.nv.gov/programs/cha
first steps:




 









you have a right to appeal.  read our brochure and learn the common areas of dispute between injured workers and workers' compensation insurers. it also explains the steps that must be followed before an injured worker can receive benefits for a work-related injury, or occupational disease.
 










tiene derecho a apelar.  lea nuestro folleto y enterese de las áreas comunes de la disputa entre los trabajadores lesionados y las aseguradoras de compensación para trabajadores. también explica los pasos que se deben seguir antes de que un trabajador lesionado pueda recibir beneficios por una lesión relacionada con el trabajo.
 










if you disagree with a written decision, you must appeal it within 70 days of the letter. appeals are heard by the state of nevada department of administration hearings division.
 










our checklist is designed to help you keep your workers' compensation records organized.
 








view a brief description of rights and benefits provided by nevada's workers' compensation system.





contact usfor assistance in northern nevada call (775) 684-7555 or (775) 684-7559 (information line) or email naiw@naiw.nv.gov. for assistance in southern nevada call (702) 486-2830.
the nevada attorney for injured workers (naiw) is a state agency that represents people who have been hurt in a work accident or have suffered the onset of an occupational disease. we help our clients get workers' compensation benefits. naiw does not charge a fee for legal representation.
in most situations, naiw becomes involved with a case only after it has gone before a hearing officer and the case has been appealed to the appeals officer level.
































the official state of nevada website | copyright ©2021 state of nevada - all rights reservedprivacy policyada technology accessibility guidelinesweb style standardsada assistancestate ada website


                    version 






