 









jorge ramos, ph.d. + semper fi +





















 











home
cv
theory & comp
eef1.1

hb & uv-vis
sol-gels
...
...





doctor of philosophy, theoretical and computational biophysics
the graduate center of cuny, ph.d. program in chemistry
new york ny, united states of america, 2009
			bachelor of science, chemistry (standard option) 
herbert lehman college of cuny, department of chemistry
bronx ny, united states of america, 2001
			classification: alien [not the extraterrestrial type]
                  
research

theoretical and computational biophysics
my ph.d. research was aimed at the areas of energetics, stability, subunit association and other factors that define the process by which a disordered protein chain attains its unique three-dimensional structure. by making use of ancient computational methods such as charmm, amber, and deductive reasoning 
i plan to add a factor of predictability to the three-dimensional structure of proteins in the near future. my ph.d. thesis investigated the energetics leading to the formation of homotypic helical bundles using the effective energy function eef1.1

adviser: themis'tocles lazaridis, ph.d.

experimental physical chemistry
this area of research investigates the structure and dynamics of proteins immobilized in a tetramethoxysilane (tmos) sol-gel matrix. the porous matrix allows water and small molecules to diffuse in and out. thus when samples are submerged in buffer, the encapsulated proteins are solvated. an important application of this property is the encapsulation of hemoglobin using different preparation protocols to lock a given quaternary structure and study the functional properties of  distinct, interconverting conformations.

adviser: uri samuni, ph.d.

survival rules
if something looks really good, remember that you will or have seen better.
if something looks really bad, remember that you will or have seen worse.
when in doubt, assume things will get worse before they get better.
when given a choice, take the most strenuous path.





this page is

unless the browser
has bugs




 search: 

dogpile
alta vista
yahoo!
google

 for: 



 

job-applications.com - armed forces jobs
guide to career paths in the armed forces

travel agents to allah











jorge ramos, ph.d.
                  -|- semper fi -|-



current duties/hobbies

disposing of enemy personnel.
			
contact information

department of chemistry
queens college of new york
65-30 kissena blvd.
queens, ny 11367
tel: +1-718-997-3273

email:jr_starwind@netzero.net






mercury's help desk (chemistry)
			

general chemistry notes
physical chemistry notes
bioinformatics: lh complexes








home
cv
theory & comp
eef1.1

hb & uv-vis
sol-gels
...
...











prepaid phone cards



 



