












home


















































 












mainstay capital management














 home
 about us
 our team
 industry recognition
 mainstay office locations
 community involvement
 careers
 services
 investment management 
 401(k) account management
 advisory services
 your 401(k)
 general motors
 ford
 stellantis
 state of michigan
 international uaw
 aptiv
 borgwarner
 visteon
 allison transmission
 inteva products
 rolls-royce
 hsa gvul membership
 resources
 retirement center
 financial calculators
 special reports
 pbgc
 roth 401(k)
 mainstay compass
 seminars
 news
 in the news
 forbes blog
 info kit
 






















                            welcome to mainstay capital management
                            
                        
we are an independent, fee-only, registered investment advisor. with our staff of senior wealth advisors, we can offer advice and comprehensive solutions for all of your financial planning needs.
schedule a meeting









                            when your investments demand  professional management
                            
                        
mainstay capital management can bring you the peace of mind that comes with knowing you have planned prudently for your future.
schedule a meeting









                            mainstay compass™
                            
                        
together, we can create a plan to get you on the right path towards and through retirement.
schedule a meeting









                            investment management solutions
                            
                        
our team will manage your investment portfolio consistent with your personal retirement plan.
schedule a meeting









                            individual 401(k), 457, and 403(b)  account management
                            
                        
we specialize in the management of individual 401(k), 457, and 403(b) accounts for employees and retirees.
schedule a meeting











 














				welcome to mainstay capital management





 print 




when it comes to your financial future, you need unbiased advice you can trust. you need a relationship with a financial advisor who provides objective advice and financial leadership that places your interests first. working with mainstay capital management can bring you the peace of mind that comes with knowing you planned prudently for your future. as a fee only, independent advisory firm, we take great pride in our professional financial leadership and personalized service.
mainstay capital management is a full service wealth manager. we provide comprehensive financial planning as well as management of your 401(k), 403(b), ira, and non-retirement accounts. in fact, we specialize in the management of workplace savings plan accounts as part of our overall wealth management solution.
read more
   ceo david kudla  is a  forbes contributor  to read his retiremint articles, click here  




mainstay capital management
we are an independent, fee-only, registered investment advisor. with our staff of senior wealth advisors,we can offer advice and comprehensive solutions for all of your financial planning needs.

 we specialize in the management of individual 401(k), 457 and 403(b) accounts for employees and retireesgeneral motors, ford, stellantis (formerly fca), borgwarner, visteon, rolls-royce, allison transmission, state of michigan, among others  



































*please see full ranking disclosure




recent media appearances

bloomberg
david kudla, mainstay capital management founder and chief executive officer, shares his market and economic outlook


cnn
david kudla, ceo of mainstay capital management, joined paula newton on cnn at the new york stock exchange to discuss u.s. stocks, the fed, and the tech sector.


fox business
mainstay capital management ceo david kudla joined liz claman on fox business to discuss the markets and the election.


cnbc
cnbc’s steve liesman interviews federal reserve president charles evans live from the engage undergraduate investment conference.



view all videos




full ranking disclosure
form adv part 2a brochure 
adv part 3 form crs
 
 
 
 
disclosure information - rankings and awards
barron's magazine - top 100 independent wealth advisors
according to barron’s: the rankings are based on data provided by individual advisors and their firms. advisor data is confirmed via regulatory databases, cross‐checks with securities firms and conversations with individual advisors. the formula barron’s uses to rank advisors is proprietary. it has three major components: assets managed, revenue produced and quality of practice. investment returns are not a component of the rankings because an advisor’s returns are dictated largely by the risk tolerance of clients. the quality of practice component includes an evaluation of each advisor’s regulatory record. moreover, neither mainstay nor any other participating advisors paid a fee to be eligible for the “top 100 independent wealth advisors." the data is based on one fiscal year (7/1/23 - 6/30/24) and appeared in barron’s on 9/16/24.
 
forbes - america's top wealth advisors 
forbes ranking of america’s top wealth advisors was developed by shook research and is based on in-person, virtual and telephone due diligence meetings and a ranking algorithm that includes: a measure of best practices, client retention, industry experience, review of compliance records, firm nominations; and quantitative criteria, including: assets under management and revenue generated for their firms. investment performance is not a criterion because client objectives and risk tolerances vary, and advisors rarely have audited performance reports. shook’s research and rankings provide opinions intended to help investors choose the right financial advisor and are not indicative of future performance or representative of any one client’s experience. past performance is not an indication of future results. neither forbes nor shook research receive compensation in exchange for placement on the ranking. for more information, please see www.shookresearch.com. shook is a registered trademark of shook research, llc. data provided by shook® research, llc. america’s top wealth advisors data as of 6/30/23 and appeared on forbes online on 4/3/24.
 
forbes - best-in-state wealth advisors
forbes ranking of best-in-state wealth advisors was developed by shook research and is based on in-person, virtual, and telephone due diligence meetings to measure best practices; also considered are: client retention, industry experience, credentials, review of compliance records, firm nominations; and quantitative criteria, such as: assets under management and revenue generated for their firms. investment performance is not a criterion because client objectives and risk tolerances vary, and advisors rarely have audited performance reports. shook’s research and rankings provide opinions intended to help investors choose the right financial advisor and are not indicative of future performance or representative of any one client’s experience. past performance is not an indication of future results. neither forbes nor shook research receive compensation in exchange for placement on the ranking. for more information, please see www.shookresearch.com. shook is a registered trademark of shook research, llc. best-in-state wealth advisors data as of 6/30/23 and appeared on forbes online on 4/3/24.
 
financial planning - top 150 fee-only ria firms
mainstay capital management, llc (“mainstay”) was named among the “top 150 fee-only ria firms” by financial planning (“fp”) in 2023. fp’s 2023 ranking of registered investment advisers was compiled by compliance firm comply. mainstay is not affiliated with financial planning or comply. sec form adv filings as of july 2023 were used to list the largest companies using a six-part criteria that included the following: (1) firms must have zero registered representatives of a broker-dealer, (2) at least 50% of the firm's clients must be individuals or high net worth individuals, (3) firms must not list commissions as a compensation arrangement, (4) firms must have more than zero financial planning clients, (5) firms must not list commission-taking businesses in "other business activities", and (6) firms cannot be affiliated under common ownership with commission-taking businesses. neither fp nor comply have disclosed how many firms were evaluated to formulate the list. there was no direct compensation provided to be nominated for this award. the “ria leaders 2023: top 150 fee-only ria firms” appeared on financial planning online on 11/22/23.



 



















home |
        about us |
        free information kit |
        contact us |
        careers |
        office locations |
        important disclosures |
        privacy statement |
				adv part 2 and 3 form crs

        copyright 2002-2025 mainstay capital management, llc. all rights reserved.
        
        10775 south saginaw st., grand blanc, michigan 48439
        
        toll free: 866-444-6246
            











