



v&a images





















































victoria and albert museum


sign up  |  log in






v&a images



































login to use lightboxes
we cannot find your information.please try again.
email address

password








remember me



login

forgot your password?


					don't have an account? sign up now





















	design for chintz, from an album of designs for printed textiles (1788-92), by william kilburn (1745-1818). watercolour. england, 1788-92.


















	wallpaper with flowering shrubs and fruit bees, on a pale green background. china, 19th century.


















	panel of 15 wall tiles, with lustre decoration of a phoenix motif . persian earthenware. kashan, iran, early 14th century.


















	portion of the wallpaper francesca, by walter crane (1845-1915), manufactured by jeffrey & co.print. england, 1902.


















	cray furnishing fabric, by william morris (1834-96), printed by morris & co. cotton. london, england, c.1885.


















v&a images

license high quality images and videos from the collections of the world's leading museum of art and design
licensing images from the world's leading museum of art, design and performance. contact vaimages@vam.ac.uk for more information










popular categories












photography







paintings and printed material







royalty







fashion and textiles







sculpture







performing arts












explore more categories









anniversaries and dates
artists and designers
features
furniture
paintings and printed materials
patterns and designs
periods and styles
photography
sculpture, form and the body
textiles, costumes and fashion


ceramics and glass
colours and concepts
jewellery and metalwork
landscapes and daily life
people
performing arts
religion
royalty
victoria and albert museum
video















v&a images

 


victoria & albert museum
cromwell road
london sw7 2rl
vaimages@vam.ac.uk




about us
our categories
your lightboxes

























2025 victoria and albert museum, london
all rights reserved  terms & conditions
privacy policy and cookies


						powered by 20/20 software





 









v&a images terms and conditions


v&a images terms and conditions

definitions:
  

'v&ae'  is v&a enterprises ltd of the victoria and albert museum, cromwell road, london sw7 2rl
'the client' is the individual or company whose details appear on the invoice from v&ae
'licence' means the licence terms set out on the v&ae invoice
'image' is any digital copy of an image, licensed or supplied to the client for the purpose of reproduction
'reproduction' includes any form of analogue or digital publication or copying of the whole or part of any image, altered or not, whether by printing, broadcast, presentation or any other recreation permitted by the terms of the licence
'terms and conditions' means v&ae's terms and conditions of image use, as set out within this document
'trade marks' means the trade names, trade marks and logos used by v&ae and the trademark registrations and applications pending

  
  
  reproduction rights:
  
    
reproduction rights shall be granted strictly in accordance with the licence as specified on the v&ae invoice. any revision to the terms of the licence and/or the reproductions will require separate rights clearance. in the event of an unauthorised reproduction, the client shall pay a minimum fee of £250 per unauthorised reproduction of each image in addition to the normal fee for the reproduction
reproduction rights are granted by way of a non-exclusive, revocable licence and no partial or other assignment of copyright shall be implied
any reproduction is permitted by v&ae only when an invoice has been issued and the total amount due paid in full by the client. reproduction prior to payment constitutes an infringement of rights and a breach of these terms and conditions rendering the client liable for the payment of damages
payment shall be due within 30 days from the date of invoice. v&ae reserves the right to charge interest on the overdue payment at the rate of 2.5% per month
if, after invoicing but before payment, the client requests cancellation of the licence, v&ae may at its discretion agree to cancel the licence, subject to the client paying a cancellation fee of 20% of the invoice total or £200 whichever is higher
payment of the invoice does not entitle the client to retain the image.  images should be deleted or destroyed after reproduction
the client shall not manipulate, alter or delete any part of the image by computer or any other technique, without the prior written consent of v&ae
the client shall obtain all necessary permissions, rights, model releases or consents which may be required for reproduction and it is acknowledged that v&ae gives no warranty or undertaking that any such permissions, rights, releases or consents are or will be obtained whether in relation to the use of names, people, trade marks, registered copyright or designs depicted in any image
the client shall indemnify v&ae against any loss, damages, proceedings or costs where such permission, rights, releases or consents have not been obtained by the client. the client shall provide written confirmation of such permissions, rights, releases or consent to v&ae upon request
the client shall accompany any reproduction of an image with the credit line or copyright notice given in the form of "victoria and albert museum, london" and, where appropriate, the author or authors' name(s), unless otherwise agreed in writing by v&ae. v&ae asserts the rights to a credit in accordance with sections 77 & 78 of the copyright, designs and patents act 1988
the client shall supply one copy of any publication, broadcast or electronic reproduction containing any reproduction of any image free of charge within two weeks of creation. evidence of print runs, transmissions and web access must be made available to v&ae on request
while v&ae has taken reasonable care to identify, caption and orientate the image, it does not accept any liability for loss or damage incurred by the client or third party caused by any errors connected therewith
the client shall not use the trade marks on the reproduction without the prior written consent of v&ae. if v&ae grants the client a licence to use the trade marks, the client undertakes not use any mark or name the same or any similar to any of the trade marks in respect of any goods other than the reproduction.  no other trade marks or variants on the trade marks shall be used on or in relation to the reproduction without v&ae's prior written consent. the client shall not damage or misuse the trade marks or bring v&ae or the victoria and albert museum in to disrepute
these terms and conditions are governed by the laws of england and wales and the parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the english and welsh courts

© 2025 v&a images



close











x




























