






h/advisors abernathy

















































what we do

what we do
corporate reputation & positioning
crisis management
cybersecurity and data privacy
digital
esg
hedge funds
investor relations
ipo
litigation
m&a
private equity
public affairs
research, data & insights
restructuring & bankruptcy
shareholder activism defense


who we are

who we are
how we work
mission and values


news
insights
global network
join us

join us
2025 summer internship and associate pool program
de&i


contact us
 


									follow us on linkedin                                














your partner in communication















 



						our approach                    


h/advisors abernathy is your partner in engaging with key stakeholders on complex issues.
with strategic communications experts across disciplines and around the world, we work closely with clients to build and preserve value, seize opportunities and solve problems in today’s dynamic and interconnected world.








find an office



select your country
australia
austria
belgium
china
france
germany
ireland
italy
japan
netherlands
norway
portugal
singapore
spain
sweden
switzerland
united kingdom
united states
vietnam




select your city
adelaide
amsterdam
barcelona
beijing
berlin
brisbane
brussels
canderra
chicago
dublin
düsseldorf
frankfurt
funchal
graz
ho chi minh city
hong kong
houston
lisbon
london
los angeles
madrid
malmö
melbourne
milan
munich
new york
oslo
paris
porto
san francisco
shanghai
shenzhen
singapore
stockholm
sydney
tokyo
vienna
washington d.c.
zurich



search










 


news





02/14/2025
what ceos should consider before addressing sensitive topics on social media
while social media has made it easier for ceos to weigh in on sensitive issues, many companies rightfully question whether their leaders should contribute to the chorus of opinions online. h/advisors abernathy explored this quandary in its second annual “social in the c-suite report,” by looking at how ceos used their social voice to opine on an array of sensitive issues, offering some key insights that can help ceos, and their communications teams determine how to best use executive channels amidst a critical news cycle.   
read more












01/30/2025
five major communications mistakes to avoid in a crisis
technological advances, employee activism, and citizen journalism have given everyone a figurative microphone and round-the-clock platform to become active players in companies’ make-it-or-break-it moments. using these five principles to guide your decisions can mean the difference between destroying company value and reputation — or emerging with an enhanced brand and stronger stakeholder relationships.  
read more












01/25/2025
m&a antitrust expectations for a new administration
the ongoing scrutiny of the technology sector, following the tenure of outgoing democratic ftc chair lina khan, coincides with m&a markets that appear to be anticipating a more lenient antitrust stance from the incoming administration.  technology companies need to take a proactive approach to potential mergers and acquisitions. they should clearly explain their reasons early in the process and show how these deals will improve market competition.
read more












01/23/2025
companies need to deftly navigate and carefully communicate around the trump administration’s new dei executive order
within a day of assuming office, president trump made good on campaign-trail promises with an executive order that could significantly reshape dei policy across the federal government. while many companies have been focused on recrafting their dei policies for months, this announcement, with its acute private sector focus, was a surprise to many -- a sudden, significant and newsworthy political jolt.  business leaders should move both quickly and prudently to reassure employees of their own commitments around dei and belonging, while also communicating changes they may need to make to comply with this administration’s interpretations of applicable law and regulation.
read more



see all articles







corporate reputation & positioningcrisis managementcybersecurity and data privacydigitalesg


hedge fundsinvestor relationslitigationm&aprivate equity


public affairsresearch, data & insightsrestructuring & bankruptcyshareholder activism defense







leadership









tom johnson
chief executive officer

tom johnson is chief executive officer of h/advisors abernathy, where he is leading a growth strategy rooted in the firm’s powerful heritage as a trusted partner to leading organizations and executives in their most critical moments.



read more









carina davidson
president

carina davidson serves as h/advisors abernathy’s president, based in the firm's new york office. carina counsels companies of all sizes across a broad range of sectors on complex communications matters. she has significant expertise helping clients manage their reputations and develop strategies to reach their core audiences.


read more









peter lee
chief financial officer

peter lee is the chief financial officer of h/advisors abernathy, where he is responsible for all of the firm’s financial functions, including accounting, financial planning, forecasting, client accounting and various financial analyses and reporting. he also oversees and manages the firm’s information technology. his career spans more than 25 years of experience in financial management, business leadership and corporate strategy in various industries, including strategic communications, marketing and advertising, manufacturing, banking and logistics.


read more









mary ann hernandez
head of human resources

mary ann hernandez leads h/advisors abernathy’s human resources department and is responsible for talent acquisition at all levels, performance management, policy implementation, and staff culture and wellbeing initiatives for all of the firm’s offices. 


read more









michael hotra
managing director, head of d.c. office

michael hotra represents clients impacted by federal and state policy, politics and regulation, as well as policy-oriented shareholder proposals. he often works closely with a client’s legal counsel, government affairs representatives and leadership teams to develop public affairs strategies that mitigate risk, protect and enhance valuation and reputation and enable optimal business outcomes. he has specific expertise supporting clients undergoing investigations by federal and state governments, and has counseled several companies through doj, sec, nlrb, gao and agency-level investigations and merger reviews, as well as congressional investigations and ceo-level oversight hearings. mike has also counseled clients litigating and settling thousands of mdl cases initiated by state attorneys general.   


read more









sydney isaacs
managing director, head of houston office

sydney isaacs provides strategic communications counsel to companies during times of change, including mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, crises and activist shareholder engagements. sydney’s work supports companies’ valuations and reputations through a combination of financial communications and pr strategies. she has particularly deep experience advising companies across the energy sector, providing support to clients on communications related to their diverse efforts to participate in and respond to the energy transition. ​


read more
















what we do
who we are
news
global network
join us
contact us
 

privacy policy
 




						follow us on linkedin                    





all rights reserved | h/advisors global ltd








