



arbuckle wilderness park

































  home
specials
funfest 2024








parkhours-new-fall-winter-20246132 kay starr trl., davis, ok 73030
(580) 369-3383 or
1-800-pet-park

located 90 minutes from north dallas and 60 minutes from oklahoma city. 

45 minutes north of windstar casino on interstate 35 north,


exit 51

 in davis, oklahoma, across from turner falls.

make a right then make first right, one mile down on kay starr trl.
adults: $ 16.99
child: $ 14.99 (4 through 11)
senior citizens: $ 14.99

hay bus rides. spring & summer
feed the animals
souvenir shop
sweet shop cafe
business events
birthday parties
r.v. park

attention! 
the roads are gravel with turn and bumps here and there. please use caution and honor the 5 mile or less per hour speed limit so you can stop quickly and let animals move out of the way.
drivers are responsible for their guests and vehicles, and should stay in their cars at all times. we will not be responsible for any damages to your vehicle or any other injuries. millions of people have entered this park with no problems. 
please drive safe and have fun. 







 arbuckle wilderness park
 the drive-thru safari is open
enjoy feeding the animals from your car!
more than 200 acres in the beautiful arbuckle mountains with hundreds of exotic animals roaming free!  also house of reptiles petting zoo and more!
rides are temporarily under construction.
the drive thru safari it is open every day
(weather permitting)
 arbuckle wilderness park is a fun filled adventure land where wonderful and diverse creatures from over five continents roam in similar habitats to their own. open year round and set in the beautiful and historic arbuckle mountains, arbuckle wilderness park is an exciting adventure for all ages.
group rates are available for 25 or more. 
call today!
you’ll also enjoy the great fun park with a walk thru zoological area. at the safari store you’ll find all kinds of gifts like t-shirts, hats, stuffed animals and much more!
you and your family will take an exiting drive in your car on a safari full of emotion and adventure.
 
 
“park is open everyday”
(weather permitting)
drive thru portion only
closed on thanksgiving and christmas
bus tours available for 20 or more people.
contact us for your birthday and business parties at:
6132 kay starr trl., davis, ok 73030
(580) 369-3383 or
1-800-pet-park
“visitors should stay inside their cars at all times. we will not be responsible for any damage or any other injuries.”
 




new arrivals  




 
drive thru safari road 




 
reptile exhibit 




 
groups call for group rates, birthday parties, business events
open 362 days a year.
while you are in the area… across the highway is the famous turner falls natural water park. arbuckle wilderness park and the arbuckle area has truly become a week long, weekend or one day tourist destination with its natural beauty and landscape.
come feed the animals! visit our souvenir shop









    copyright © 2025 arbuckle wilderness park - all rights reservedpowered by wordpress & atahualpa






