






 


oakwood university
















































































  
 








  
















menumenunew students click here!myoakwoodd2labodecalendarlibraryouparentsnotice of security incidentcares & heerf reports 












menumenuour story

mission & historyvaluesaccreditationcalendarfaith & valueshc2020: healthy campus 2020institutional effectivenessblessings & breakthroughsleadership

board of trusteesleadership teamhistory of leadershippresidential report 
official statements

leadership team 
strategic planindustries

oakwood farmsmemorial gardens

mission & history 
 

admissions

undergraduate admissionsgraduate admissionsre-admission
academic experience

 schools

 resources

school of arts & sciencesnew student orientationschool of business & information systemsacademic & financial challengesschool of education & social sciencesadventist colleges abroadschool of nursing & health professionsundergraduate and graduate bulletinschool of theologycalendarleap: adult degree completion programcenter for student successschool of graduate studiesellen g. white research centerhonors programoakwood university graduation 
faculty 
faculty development 
library 
student achievement data 
qep: critical thinking developed through writing 
registrar
life at oakwood

 spiritual life

 student life

 resources

aym releaseathleticsadvisingcampus churchchoirscalendarlifecoreclubs & orgscareer connectionsoffice of spiritual life & missionsfitness & recreationdisability support services 
intramuralsoakwood university graduation campus life

mr. and miss oakwood universitymail servicesdining on campusresidential lifenew beginningshealth & counselingstring orchestrastudent employmenthealthy campus 2020student events 
transportationpublic safety 
 
 
united student movement
financing oakwood

academic & financial challengesaccountingcalendardietetics internship tuition costfinancial aidfuture studentsoakwood university graduationregistrarscholarshipssummer schoolstudent accountstuition & feestranscript requestsveterans
alumniquick links

alabama advance partnership for gender equitycalendarchild development labcustomer concernsdirectoryemployeesoakwood university graduationmarketing communications & media production requestsouitleap: adult degree programmake a willou scholarsparents portalstudent handbookpastor’s partnership portalresearch & grantstitle ixtranscript requestsuncf
customer care

academic grievancecustomer experiencetitle ixinternal service request
ou accessnewsroom



apply nowgive 


select page


  
 
 
















future student
learn more



current student
registration



graduate studies
learn more



leap
learn more



alumni
updates







why oakwood














58 different majors across 5 different schools
















top 10of the best retention and graduation rates among hbcus in the nation












among the besteducational institutions in the south
















winners of 3 gold medals and 2 championships











choir of the world title at the llangollen international eisteddford in wales, uk under the direction of dr. jason ferdinand.
















a leader in providing undergraduate applicants to medical school











no. 15in the top medical programs in alabama rankings by med-colleges.com
















a 4 time  division 1 national champions



















“i knew this was where god called me to be.. it was definitely worth it and i would not change this experience. i would not change any element, any moment of this story.”   –  kristen nedd, b.s., elementary education
apply now!







newsroom

learn more







“oakwood is motivating. i’m motivated to go out into the world to serve and ultimately continue my education to become a better person. a better person for christ and a better christian.”  –  jordaan m. houston, b.a., ministerial theology 
– apply now!



















faithsearch launches search for president of oakwood university in alabama

jan 27, 2025 | latest news, newsroomby ed fry faithsearch partners is pleased to announce its partnership with oakwood university to assist with their search for a new president. oakwood university, located in huntsville, alabama, is the only hbcu within the seventh-day adventist denomination, with a...
read more




oakwood university board outlines executive transition process following dr. pollard’s new appointment

oct 25, 2024 | latest newsexplaining the upcoming executive transitional process the oakwood university board of trustees shares the following statement with our community: on monday, october 21, 2024, the board first learned of dr. leslie n. pollard’s acceptance of a new executive role within...
read more




oakwood university board of trustees announces dr. leslie n. pollard’s new role and plans for leadership transition

oct 21, 2024 | latest newsthe oakwood university board of trustees shares the following statement with our community: dr. leslie n. pollard has accepted a new opportunity to join the north american division (nad) as assistant to the president for pastoral continuing education and mission. in...
read more




ensuring safety together: incident update from oakwood university police department

oct 7, 2024 | latest news, newsroomdear parents, friends, alumni, and community members, he division of student life and mission and the oakwood university police department continues to supervise the ongoing safety of the oakwood university campus. on the morning of sabbath, october 5th,...
read more




supporting the family and friends of emmanuel johnson bryan

sep 30, 2024 | latest newsit is with a heavy heart that we must share the following sad news with you. a former student of oakwood university has passed away here in huntsville. our university family is praying for the family and friends of emanuel johnson bryan. during this difficult time,...
read more




dr. stephen kabah begins his service as chair of the department of communication

jul 12, 2024 | latest newswritten by abigail foster, student department of communication   the new chair of the department of communication, dr. stephen kabah, says he is seeking to increase the number of black journalists reporting for newsrooms in huntsville. dr. kabah, who began his...
read more


« older entries











experience oakwood


















 










 make a giftget inspired. see the difference.

invest in future leaders

title ix
covid-19
hc2020
ou police dept
bookstore
public relations
employment
security report
customer concerns

view our department professional licensure disclosure. 



connect with us

followfollowfollowfollow

campusgroups
oubn
ou church
praise 90.1 fm
oakwood farms
city of huntsville
memorial gardens
leap: adult degree

7000 adventist blvd nw, huntsville, al 35896



 










   
























