



the farmer's exchange online

















friday, february 14, 2025	
michiana's popular farm paper since 1926




  homearticlesnewsfarm operationsmarketsarchives
featurescolumns4-h and ffacounty fairsrecipesevents calendar
e-marketplacee-quipmentbrowse auctionssale calendarbrowse classifiedsthe ex-clusifiedse-servicesplace an adsubscribecommercial printinglinks














home



what's making news

farm income expected to climb in 2025
progressive farmer's katie micik dehlinger reported last thursday that "usda forecasts climbing farm income in 2025, but it's due to ... read entire story 
high egg prices to continue
u.s. consumers are facing a prolonged period of higher egg prices that will likely extend through the easter holiday and well into 2025. rising ... read entire story 
read more news
this week's farm operations

early planting benefits soybeans in unfertilized fields
unfertilized soybean fields with lower soil fertility should be planted earlier than high fertility fields, according to a university ... read entire story 
u.s. farmers retain optimistic outlook for 2025

u.s. farmers began 2025 with an optimistic outlook, as the january purdue university/cme group ag economy barometer rose five points ... read entire story 
read more farm operations 

this week's market news

class 3 milk rises to its highest price since october 2024
the first benchmark milk price of 2025 headed higher following three consecutive declines. the january federal order class iii price was announced ... read entire story 
farmers have until april 15 to make plc, arc election
farmers must decide whether to enroll in agriculture risk coverage (arc) or price loss coverage (plc) for each fsa farm before the april 15 deadline ... read entire story 
read more market news 

weekly columns

community involvement key to fair success
community involvement is at the core of a successful fair. the best county fairs in michiana are successful because they have integrated the ... read entire story 
read more weekly columns





about us | contact us | privacy policy
copyright © 2004 exchange publishing corporation







