









woodland pattern - for poetry & the arts, milwaukee, wisconsin





















































 
 













about
people
support
books
poetry
exhibitions
music + film
youth programs
milwaukee youth poet laureate
community groups
watch + listen
prompts + projects
get involved
calendar
history



















are you a high school poet ready to amplify your voice? we are currently accepting submissions for the next milwaukee youth poet laureate competition! apply by march 30, 2025.what’s mypl all about?open to milwaukee county freshmen, sophomores, and juniors, the milwaukee youth poet laureate (mypl) program is an exciting opportunity to represent our city’s youth voice. each year, we select one poet laureate, but mypl is more than a competition. it’s a supportive community where young poets connect, collaborate, and make a difference.the 2025 milwaukee youth poet laureate will receive:a $500 book allowancea paid summer internship with woodland patternmentorship and opportunities to perform, facilitate workshops, and compete for regional and national titles




learn more & apply
















february events




download our newsletter!




















reading: jessica alexander and ray levy*hybrid*wed. feb. 19 | 7 pm cst | $give what you can




read more


























concert: formations series for new & improvised music*hybrid*set 1—out(sider) (jay mollerskov & jim schoenecker on modular synthesizers) set 2—dead monster galaxythur. feb. 20 | 7 pm cst | $10




read more


























exhibition: as i fall asleep to my great aunt’s fable of a herder boy, work by nomka enkhee on view through february 21, 2025




view exhibition
















visit our unique collection of small-press poetry








did you know woodland pattern is home to a nationally recognized collection of over 25,000 small-press poetry titles? to the largest selection of haiku in north america? to the biggest selection of books by native american authors in wisconsin? to broadsides, zines, chapbooks, pamphlets, and other hand-made items? the dissemination of independent literature—particularly poetry, unconventional texts, works that honor bookmaking as a visual art, books by small- and micro-press publishers, and literature by writers from historically marginalized backgrounds—has been central to our purpose since our founding. our inventory decisions are mission-driven, allowing us to support writers and publishers in ways that are inconceivable for a commercial bookseller.come in and discover. we encourage visitors to read and study at their leisure, and to use our space to learn more about poetry, book arts, and small-press publishing. you can also visit our online book center to browse selections from our  inventory, or give us a call at (414) 263-5001 to see if we have a title in stock. as always, we will gladly place special orders, ship books to your home, and offer contactless pick-up at your request.




visit our online book center










if you are reading this, it is because your browser does not support the html5 video element.










contactfacebook﻿instagram﻿ 




donate




we acknowledge that in milwaukee we live and work on traditional potawatomi, ho-chunk, and menominee homelands along the southwest shores of michigami, part of north america’s largest system of freshwater lakes, where the milwaukee, menominee, and kinnickinnic rivers meet and the people of wisconsin’s sovereign anishinaabe, ho-chunk, menominee, oneida, and mohican nations remain present. we further acknowledge the grave evil colonialism introduced to these lands ​through genocide as well as slavery, and also via racist and xenophobic ​beliefs, laws​, and practices that continue to inflict harm upon black, brown, and indigenous lives. we honor those who have lived—and do live, now—at these intersections of identity and experience, and are committed to the active dismantling of white supremacy.read our statement on racial justice





720 e. locust streetmilwaukee, wi 53212phone: 414 263 5001hours: tues–sun | 12-7 pmclosed mon






subscribe





building accessibility: despite the age of our physical location, and attendant limitations to access, woodland pattern is committed to making its programs and facilities available for as many as possible. please call for more information.events accessibility: woodland pattern is able to offer captioning services for its online events and with advanced notice can provide asl interpretation for live events. please contact us with accommodation requests and questions.﻿





© woodland pattern 2025











































 



























 
