



































the life of a loser






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































gizmojax
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














gizmojax







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









all because of sarah 

 


08:29pm 24/10/2007


 

  
  i know i havent posted in forevs, so i will make up for it by giving yall a gift.for the first five people that reply to me and re-post this challenge, i will send you something. it might be something i've made, or something cool from my hidden stash, it might be a mix cd, or a rubber duck, a book i think you will enjoy, or something else that is awesome. whatever it is, i promise that i will get it to you in 365 days or fewer. the only thing you need to do in order to participate is to be one of the first five to reply to this, and post this very same thing on your livejournal - cause it's fun to give people stuff. and just like the person before me, i'm going to screen comments so that you can post your address, and no one will see it but me.
 


 
 
 3 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


07:54pm 14/06/2006


 

my bday is comin up in almost a month (july 16) soooo i was thinkin if anyone wanted to give me a bday gift this would be a good one ^_^.  oh and please tell me if you do get it please, wouldnt want more than one person buyin a ticket and end up wastin money.  just posted this early cuz i dont want the show to sell out!
yay for video games
 


 
 
 1 unicorn glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



yay for pools 

 


04:39pm 07/05/2006


 

  
  well last week was very interesting for me.  hangin out with friends, last week of classes, goin to the gym for the first time, having a friend sleep over in my room since forever, and finally learning how to swim!  ever since i learned on tuesday ive been wanting to be in a pool like all the time.  i wanna get as much practice as i can cuz i know im still not the best at swimming.  i might go shopping with my sis later on to get a new bathing suit.  other than that ive been studying all day woopdeedoo.  good luck to all of yall who have finals soon.
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


12:04pm 07/04/2006


 

  
  im officially goin on my first road trip today. ive drivin to san antonio before, but this time it is more than just one day and im gonna be staying over at a hotel with friends.  im goin with some girls ive known since elementary or middle school.  its crazy that ive known them for so long.  well i hope my trip goes great, will post pics later if i can.
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



new hur 

 


11:40pm 26/03/2006


 

i got my hair cut on thursday, it went from my mid back to the top of my shoulders. i got my hair washed, cut, and straightened, for $14! im going to the hong kong food market from now on to get my hair cut.  now all i gotta do is buy a cheap chi hair straightener online and im set.

 


 
 
 3 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



more luck than ive ever had 

 


02:21pm 04/03/2006


 

  
  well working at best buy has been really cool and fun.  it doesnt hurt that i was getting paid more than with my last job.  ive been there for a month now and already im getting another job.  the day before i left from spring isd i found out that a position for one of the head computer techs was opening.  i applied and found out thursday that i got the joooob! so i get even mo money than what best buy was giving me ^_^.  hopefully by the end of the year i can finally get another car *crosses fingers*.  i dont wanna leave best buy so quickly though, so im gonna stay there for another month or so.  that means ill be working 2 jobs and goin to school for a bit. its gonna suck, but imma be bringin in da moolah..... and also living up my best buy discount hehe.
 


 
 
 2 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


10:05pm 29/01/2006


 

  
  well today was the first time i ever cut myself while shaving.  guess what my moms miracle cure for it was....... vicks. lol i swear mesicans are so weird.  im sure im gonna pass that down when i have kids too though.  gotta keep the craziness alive.
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


09:03pm 09/01/2006


 

  
  over the weekend i got to spend a lot of time with the beautiful lady, ms. vv.  her niece is soooo cute ^_^.  we watched some carlos mencia live on dvd, and ever since ive had an urge to go to the improv or laff spot or something like that.  oh ya, and if you havent tried it, moolenium ice cream from blue bell is teh greatness.  its always awesome staying up late at night talkin to your friend and fallin asleep with out even noticing hehe.  well i registered for all my classes and im gonna start on the 17th.  im gonna take 13 hours so i hope that my future new job will schedule me with the hours i suggested. if not, then look out for an even more stressed jackie *white hairs poppin up already*.  just felt like updating cuz i havent in a long while, so imma leave you with a small highlight of my day:i was getting some food in the drive through, but my food was taking longer so i had to pull up and park up ahead.  since i was waiting i figured id read a lil bit of the comic book my bro let me borrow, superman/batman: public enemies.  so im reading and then i hear a girl start walking towards me with my food and she says "here you go sir.... *looks at my face* oh .... maam! *walks away fast in embarrassment*"  i so wanted to laugh but i didnt want her to hear me and feel worse.  i dunno, i just thought it was cool that she automatically assumed i was a guy cuz im readin a comic.  the end.
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


03:37pm 24/12/2005


 

sorry i cant give all you guys presents. so youll just have to settle for this:  have a great holiday you guys! dont get spoiled with all your presents.
 


 
 
 1 unicorn glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


11:51am 22/12/2005


 

hey guess what people....... i finally got a new job with best buuuuuy!! ^_^ imma be apart of the geek squad at the soon to be spring location. it opens on febuary 24th.  i= extremely happy
 


 
 
 6 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



got from fasdpideu 

 


06:59pm 20/12/2005


 

reply to this post, and i'll tell you why i like you. then put this in your own journal, and spread the love.
 


 
 
 2 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


06:55pm 16/12/2005


 

  
  i know i dont wear make up much.... or at all, but i love looking at pics of it all wild-like.i joined this community just to love from afar
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


06:59pm 15/12/2005


 

  
  i am one happy trooper.  i didnt start off my day too well cuz i only got only 2 hours sleep and my government final had quite a few questions that werent on the study guide.  afterwards i had breakfast with my sis, twas yum.  then i went to my english class to drop off my final paper and pick up my 8 page research paper i had turned in recently. i expected i wouldnt do too well cuz i had gotten a c on the paper before, but i wasnt expecting this grade.  a big fat f.  all i could do was stare at it with shock 0_0.  on the front it said "no works cited page.. f"  he didnt even bother checking my paper cuz i didnt have a works cited! i was like whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat the hell???  i was freakin out, all super shocked, real mad, sad, everything at once.  then im like watdaheck, i 100% remember turning in everything.  so i look at the back of my paper and i notice that the staple was half undone -_-. stupid staple made the last page fall and i got an f!  i caught up with my teacher in his office and told em i know i turned everything in, and he agreed with me saying that he thought it didnt seem like me to do that.  soooo he said if i didnt have the disk with me, i could turn in the paper to his box by 2:00 and itd all be good.  thank gooooooood!  i was as happy as a mesican with a gift certificate to home depot right then.  i think i went from freaking out to super happy so quick my stomach started hurting.  that didnt stop me from eating the free food offered twice to me throughout the day though ^_^.  i just checked my grades online too and i thought i was gonna get 3 c's and 1 b, but instead i got 3 b's and 1 c! yaaaaay today is just goin ahsum.  well im kinda pooped so i think imma go play my sims game.  i made a house with da huswifes ;)
 


 
 
 2 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


11:51pm 13/12/2005


 

  
  stealing this from fasdpideu.  thankies( see my comment statisticscollapse )
 


 
 
 1 unicorn glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


09:32pm 04/12/2005


 

  
  my sister is so cool.  last night i had a soar throat, but woke up without one.  that made me happy cuz i thought i was becoming sick before. well once i was driving back home i started feeling bad again, my head started feeling really hot and i was feeling weak. when i got home it got worse. i was burning up so i thought a nap would make me feel better.  took a nap, felt a lil better, but im still feelin like crap.  i told my sis about it and she stayed on the phone with me cuz i wanted to talk with someone. then later she calls me again to talk and offers to make soup or a sandwich for me ^_^.  yay for a loving family!
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


07:36pm 30/11/2005


 

  
  warning: only open if you had a twisted sense of humor( offensive jokes i found onlinecollapse )
 


 
 
 2 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


01:15pm 25/11/2005


 

rip mr. miyagi
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


12:30pm 24/11/2005


 

hope yall have fun stuffin yo faces!
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



timeline game 

 


10:00pm 14/11/2005


 

  
  i noticed that i have hardly changed since i was lil kid. so i just wanted to see if you peeps could put my pics in order correctly from youngest to oldest. whoever gets all pics correct first will get a special prize from me! or you can just make random comments to my pics makin fun of me, whichever.( click here if you wanna play the gamecollapse )
 


 
 
 10 unicorns glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 



 

 


10:01pm 08/11/2005


 

  
  i am so bored that i made up a stupid acronym of my namejubliantaddicted to foodcheese loverkookyintelligent... sortaextremely boredjokeyabstractxylophonish lol typicali just made up random stuff about me or how im feeling right now.if youre bored or just feel like it, make an acronym of your or my name. make it as silly as you want. first, last, or nick name.
 


 
 
 glimpsed the foreboding end. 


 






 


gizmojax



friends
info
calendar
my crappy site
 


 





skip
 


 
backward


 



































