




 


league of women voters of washington - home
















 














log in



























remember me
forgot password









 







 





home




get involved



join us




find a local league




internships




donate







advocacy



the legislative newsletter




current issues




take action




league positions




meet the advocacy team




join the team




coalitions




action workshop 2024




local news and democracy




action workshop 2023




2024 ballot measure positions







events




voter tools



forums and debates




who represents you




voter tools



ballot measures 2024







state and local elections offices




infobits




vote411







civic education



studies & reports



study process




multi-member districts citizen education project




immigration and immigrant integration




elder caregiving study







books



the state we're in




politics of the possible







links to your government




civic education projects







about us



mission & vision




leadership & staff




what we do




diversity, equity and inclusion




news and updates




centennial 2020




our history




annual report




league newsletters




contact us







donate







empowering voters.
defending democracy.
our votes have been cast, and every ballot had one
message in common: voters power our democracy.

join us as we strengthen our democracy.
join the league today    donate
the league of women voters is a nonpartisan grassroots organization.

lwvwa publishes two new studiesthe league of women voters is known for its in-depth studies of issues that affect government and communities. these objective studies not only provide valuable education on topics but also provide the basis for future league advocacy.  over the past two years, lwvwa members have produced two new studies on emerging issues:  "elder caregiving study" and "welcoming immigrants to washington state." 



this study focuses on caregiving in washington state for vulnerable adults 60 years of age or older. changes in the population in washington state are consistent with the long-term global and national trend toward growth in the proportion of the population 60 years of age and older. given growth in the number of elders and corresponding caregiver shortages in coming years, this report demonstrates the need to do more to prepare for the caregiving needs that accompany aging.
learn more



this study examines policies affecting immigrants and also addresses the role the league could play to ensure immigrants have pathways to economic, social, and civic engagement in the communities in which they live. the framework of the study identifies the benefits immigrants provide as well as the barriers they face with regard to four principal issues in the state of washington: economic opportunities, language facilitation and skills acquisition, social inclusion, and civic engagement.
learn more
 


the league of women voters of washington education fund works on major civics education projects to teach students how they can participate in making and keeping government effective.
the league’s learning materials, which include three versions of the textbook the state we’re in: washington, build a foundation for understanding our government and how to be actively involved participants. due to their popularity and high demand, we produce periodic updates and new teacher’s guides.
learn more



the system used for electing our representatives is seldom questioned in the united states. recently, in the face of voter apathy and increased expressions of antipathy towards government, have some americans begun to consider that there may be a relationship between the method used to select their representatives and peoples’ numerous complaints about the government it produces. this project outlines what multi-member districts are, where and how they are used, as well as how they could improve representation.learn more
 
the league is a nonpartisan source you can trustthe league of women voters is a nonpartisan political organization. we encourage the informed and active participation of citizens in government. the league acts in support of, or in opposition to, selected governmental issues that its members have studied. it does not support or oppose candidates, factions, or political parties. league members, as individuals, may support candidates of the political party of their choice. in order to protect the league's nonpartisanship policy, guidelines regarding the political activities of the board of directors are reviewed frequently.

diversity, equity, and inclusion
lwv is an organization fully committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion in principle and in practice. diversity, equity, and inclusion are central to the organization’s current and future success in engaging all individuals, households, communities, and policymakers in creating a more perfect democracy.
read our dei statement 


join the league

empower voters.
  defend democracy.
click here to join us


lwv member rights and responsibilities
individuals who join the league of women voters become part of a highly trusted, 100+ year-old organization comprised of a large grassroots network. lwv is committed to providing opportunities for members to amplify their individual political power by participating in local, state, and national league actions.
learn more
 






 
















 







league of women voters of washington
1511 third ave, suite 801
seattle, wa 98101
mon-fri: 9:00 am - 3:00 pmphone: (206) 622-8961  |  toll free: (800) 419-2596  |  e-mail: info@lwvwa.org    

the league of women voters of washington is a 501(c)(4) non-profit organization.the league of women voters of washington education fund is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. lwvwa education fund contributions are tax-deductible to the extent allowable by law. the league of women voters education fund does not endorse the contents of any web pages to which it links.
league of women voters of the united states
 










powered by wild apricot membership software

















