




 the science behind dim mak death touch includes dim mak history, theories, techniques, and the medical science behind dim mak, kyusho, pressure points, and vital points






 

 dr michael 
kelly    ancient theories   
osteopathic medicine   
home    dim mak points  
books  


testimonials   links   
medical practice   
dim mak online    

dim mak injury study  dim mak 
/pressure points
dimmak.net llc

rare information on combat sports including martial arts, boxing, and wrestling. 
 
fight medicine
dim mak/pressure points
fight injuries


 the science behind dim mak death touch includes dim mak history, theories, techniques, and the medical science behind dim mak, kyusho, pressure points, and vital points





 dim mak (death touch)  is an ancient martial art that consists of striking
certain  points on the body to cause illness or death. the points are
usually called
dim mak points, but they are also referred to as vital points and pressure points.
the majority of these points correspond to the
same locations as acupuncture points. dim mak is
an extremely dangerous martial art, which can cause a great deal of damage to
the
human body. the effects of attacking the dim mak points include knockout, death,
and a delayed death.
many have seen videotapes and seminars where a subject looses consciousness
after being struck on certain points. although this is a very dramatic
demonstration method, it could have dangerous consequences.
many believe that dim mak was created centuries ago by the same man who is believed to
have developed the original tai chi form. some have postulated that this form
contained the founder's methods of attacking the most dangerous dim mak points.
according to legend, this knowledge spread rapidly and
influenced the development of many chinese martial arts. these martial arts
then influenced the ancient okinawan martial art called
karate. it is believed by many that the traditional katas of the okinawan
martial arts also contain the secrets of striking the dim mak points. this is
interesting because okinawan karate has had a major impact on the martial arts
of korea and japan. thus, it is conceivable that the traditional katas
of these other martial arts could also contain the secrets of dim mak.
in the past, this knowledge was only taught to the most
advanced and trusted students. as the martial arts spread around the world, the
knowledge of dim mak (pressure point fighting) remained in seclusion. thus, the
true nature of many martial arts remained shrouded in secrecy. recently this
tradition of secrecy has been broken and there are martial arts masters who
teach the methods of attacking the points to the public. this information is now
available at seminars, in books, and on videotapes.
although this has had a positive effect on the martial arts, it does raise the
issue of safety. 
in most instances, dim mak is
explained and taught using ancient theories
based on acupuncture. although this has been the tradition for many
years, it has led to a great deal of skepticism and confusion. because of this,
many have disregarded the warnings about dim mak and started to experiment with
the points. this practice could have tragic consequences. if the dangerous
effects of dim mak could be explained scientifically, the warnings about the
points might have more credibility. there is a definite need for a reference
on dim mak that is based on modern medical science. 
dr. michael kelly has spent years
studying the medical effects of dim
mak and has found a great deal of medical research that provides evidence of dim mak's
lethal effects. he has compiled all of his research into a new book, which explains the effects of dim mak on the nervous
and cardiovascular systems. topics such as the delayed death touch, knockouts,
and attacking the internal organs are explained in detail using modern medical science. the book
has been written in a format that will assist one in finding the dim mak
applications contained within the traditional forms of many styles. 
 the initial
chapter starts off with a brief introduction to the history of dim mak, and then goes
on to explain the essential elements of neuroscience needed to understand
the remaining chapters. dr. kelly then takes his reader through a
comprehensive explanation of the relationship between dim mak and medical science. included are separate
chapters on knockouts, attacking the internal organs, and dim mak's effects on the heart. the last couple
of chapters explain the medical science behind the revival techniques and
attempt to tie all the information together so that the reader can start to find
the dim mak applications contained within their own style. this book is a must have for
all serious students of the martial arts and anyone with an interest in the
diabolical art of dim mak. the book is titled, death
touch:
the science behind the legend of dim mak and is
now available. 













next page:  ancient theories
behind dim mak. 
email may be sent to drkelly@dimmak.net



 

 

 

 
                        
                                             
 
 
 
          

 
 
 