












pacific emblem - custom order patches & emblems



























































 

































1-619-281-6688
quotes@pacificemblem.com



x




instagram


 





x




instagram




0 items
 












shop

my account


products

custom patches and emblems

custom chenille patches & emblems
custom embroidered & lasercut™ patches
custom precision-cut™ soft pvc & rubber patches
custom woven patches
custom specialty patches & trims
shop 9/11 patches


smartpatch®
custom silicone and terry cloth wristbands

custom silicone wristbands
custom terrycloth headbands & wristbands


custom private label headwear
custom dog tags
custom lanyards & event badge holders
custom lapel pins & challenge coins
licensed products
custom soft pvc, rubber & metal keychains
custom specialty & promotional products

custom fidget spinners


custom resin and stickerdomes™
custom utensil buddy
custom uzappit smart tags


masks

custom branded sofmasks
health masks


services
reviews
about
news
contact/quote
smartpatch®
 


select page


  
 
 










the best custom branded patches, hats, caps and accessories that will truly blow you away!







click for quotes









embroidered & lasercut™ patches
let us “patch” up your apparel & promotional programs.

view patches





private-label headwear, caps, and beanies
innovative custom headwear well beyond the norm.

view headwear





precision-cut™ soft pvc & rubber patches
cutting-edge technology carved into rubber and pvc patches.

view patches





custom woven patches
custom woven patches are classy, smooth and allow amazing detail for all your branded merchandise.

view patches







specialty patches & trims
technical and unique patches that capture your imagination and more.

view patches





chenille patches
just like your high school letterman’s jacket & sweaters – remember those?

view patches





dog tags/dog tag bottle openers
metal dog tags, keychains & openers in standard and custom shapes.

view dog tags





terrycloth headbands & wristbands

view headbands & wristbands







lanyards

view lanyards





rubber & metal keychains

view keychains





licensed products

view licensed products





sofmask™

view sofmask™





welcome to pacific sportswear & emblem company’s website! we are a cutting-edge manufacturer and importer of private-label custom headwear, patches, emblems, and accessories. with over 35 years of industry experience and a commitment to excellence, we take pride in offering high-quality products and exceptional customization services. our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, advanced technologies, and dedication to customer satisfaction set us apart as a trusted partner in the apparel and promotional products industry. whether you are looking for trulycustom™designed headwear, specialty patches/emblems, or promotional items, we have the expertise and capabilities to bring your vision to life. explore our website to discover the wide range of products and services we offer, and feel free to contact us for any inquiries or to place an order. thank you for choosing pacific sportswear & emblem company…the quiet force in custom patches, headwear and accessories!








premium quality custom metal badges to explore!
at pacific emblem, we create custom metal badges that are truly unique and quality-driven. they are a great option when looking for something that will help in branding. we provide you with the most unique design and quality to meet your requirements. you can make custom metal badges with us with your choice of design, such as brass in polished gold, silver, bronze, or antique brass, giving your brand the desired look. you have the freedom to choose the shape and size of your custom metal badge made with us too!






the use of custom metal badges
 
our clients are corporate and organizational trainers for custom metal badges, which can be used in many ways! these multiple uses include security, identification, and branding. they look super aesthetic and professional when attached to any uniform or accessory.
 
 
 
 












why choose custom metal badges at pacific emblem?
we guarantee unmatched quality and service in our products. every badge that we design and make is both aesthetically pleasing and long-lasting. our goal is to deliver your custom metal badges on time with no compromises on quality.
visit our website now to start designing your personalized metal badges.
we have been in business since 1985 and our motto is “the quiet force in custom patches and emblems”
let dr. patch quote your custom patches and emblems.….he is truly the expert on the science of innovative patches and emblems.







help support the residents of maui…







click here







help support the residents of maui…



click here







fill out the short form below to receive a custom quote right away!









request a quick quote!

name(required)


first

email(required)

phone(required)select the product you need...(required)choose your productcustom chenille patches & emblemscustom embroidered & lasercut patchescustom precision-cut soft pvc & rubber patchescustom woven patchescustom specialty patches & trimscustom smartpatchcustom silicone wristbandscustom terrycloth headbands & wristbandscustom private label headwearcustom dog tagscustom lanyards & event badge holderscustom lapel pins & challenge coinslicensed productscustom soft pvc rubber & metal keychainscustom fidget spinnerscustom resin & stickerdomescustom utensil buddycustom uzappit smart tagssize(required)quantity (minimum 250)(required)please enter a number greater than or equal to 250.upload art for faster quoteaccepted file types: jpg, gif, png, pdf, max. file size: 10 mb.captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
























…the quiet force in private-label headwear, patches, and accessories since 1984.











customer testimonials







pacific sportswear has been providing patches for usa curling championship events for well over a decade. rich has always been quick to respond, efficient with fulfillment, and strongly focused on customer service. we look forward to working with rich and pacific sportswear in the years to come.
christy hering
usa curling






i have known and done business with rich soergel for over 20 years. he has consistently proven to be a reliable source for promotional and licensed goods and a sincere pleasure to work with. rich meets deadlines.
chad hurley
senior director – consumer products, ultimate fighting championship






rich is the most creative person i have ever met. his passion for his business and light humor make him the perfect person to work with for any custom made product. rich has a way of taking a basic idea and transforming it into an excellent finished product. i would hire him again and will refer him to my clients and friends.
donata hammonds
business development manager at the hero program








rich provided a great quality finished product that i used to promote our product name with contractors. i would highly recommend rich as an extremely creative thinker. when the opportunity arises for me to create an option in the future, rich will be the individual i turn to.
brent hilton
inteplast group building products






i would recommend working with rich if you have an eye for detail and need someone who can take concept to completion in a extremely tight schedule. rich went above and beyond to give me samples using my logos for patchworks, dog tags, and zipper pulls. i needed everything yesterday and he did just that!
chanchi chan
artizen living lifestyle






read more testimonials








why not let us manufacture your custom products today



contact us



 












1277 north cuyamaca building a-b el cajon, ca 92020
monday-friday: 9am – 5pm pst
phone: 800-872-8778 fax: (619) 281-6687
email: quotes@pacificemblem.com









add a personal touch to your clothes with custom patches for apparel!

custom patches for apparel are certainly not mere accessories; they are innovative ways to express yourself. you get... 
read more 








revealing top trends in custom chenille and leather patches for fashion and branding!

custom chenille and leather patches are quickly becoming an extremely popular product in the fashion world and logo... 
read more 








personalize hats and garments with custom patches

patched hats are gaining popularity nowadays, and it’s easy to incorporate custom patches. the well-known company can... 
read more 








encourage brand’s growth with the customized chenille, embroidered, dye sub, woven, metal and other specialty patches

chenille patches are the best options to attach the brand to jackets, denims, garments etc. hence, you will explore... 
read more 







custom products

custom patches

rubber & metal keychains

lanyards & event badge holders

private label hardware

stickerdomes™

uzappit smart tags

masks

sofmask

health masks



custom services

wristbands

dog tags

lapel pins & coins

licensed products

specialty & promotional products

utensil buddy









© 2024 pacific sportswear company, inc. all rights reserved. all logos/product images are trademarked by their respective owners and not sold without permission from the brand.



site by randy speckman design



 






































