






capital region transportation council


































































 




 









 

















 



 
















 



who we are

about the transportation council

staff


work with us
integrating inclusion
title vi nondiscrimination


plans

in motion: the plan to 2050
current regional plan – new visions 2050
transportation improvement program (tip)

2025-2030 tip solicitation


unified planning work program
other core activities
other regional plans


committees

policy board
planning committee
advisory committees


programs

capital district clean communities
local programs

linkage program
technical assistance


regional programs

safety & complete streets
operations & freight
transit & human services
infrastructure & resiliency




get involved

news & announcements
participate
calendar of events
contact us


resources

transportation council maps
capital region indicators


 











planning the way we move





in motion survey now open




tell us what you think about our proposed vision statement and what tradeoffs you would be willing to make to support its implementation.


take the survey


events












regional operations & safety advisory committee
 february 27, 2025 1:00 pm
view details 







news










voorheesville to host public workshop for safe streets planthe transportation council and the village of voorheesville seek input on the draft safe streets policy and plan on february 24. voorheesville, ny february 13, 2025 – the village of voorheesville, in partnership with the capital region transportation council (transportation council), is preparing a safe streets policy and plan that will advance complete streets inview details 




participate







  


in motion lunch and learn workshopjoin us for a virtual "lunch and learn" workshop on january 28 at noon to learn about our in motion regional transportation plan. register at https://tinyurl.com/bdh35j8n. can't attend? no worries. a recording will be available at www.inmotionplan.org.view details 




who we are











the capital region transportation council is the metropolitan planning organization carrying out federally-supported transportation planning within the metropolitan area that includes albany, rensselaer, saratoga (except the town of moreau and the village of south glens falls), and schenectady counties.




learn more about the transportation council   











subscribe to our newsletter





the transportation council’s monthly newsletter, in motion, provides the latest on the activities of the transportation council, upcoming events, and helpful information on transportation planning in the capital region.


subscribe
 


 
 
 














contact us

 
  

    1 park place, suite 101 albany, ny 12205-2676


  518.458.2161
  info@capitalmpo.org 

quick linksabout the transportation council
participate
community and transportation linkage program
accessibility statement
transportation improvement program (tip)
 

follow us
facebook
x
instagram
youtube
linkedin
 







                                                    © 2025 crtc.  all rights reserved.                                            



 


































