
















home

























































                  







       home



  about us


   about us & aikido



  locations/classes



  membership fees



  our instructor staff



  our chief instructor



  beginners advice



  training & testing advice



  videos



  events



  aiprotect



  usa alliance



  "daily dose"





  kids self defense



  benefits



  contact us











    
 





       aikidoit has what you've been looking for...



   



   madison  •  sparta  •  montclair  •  manasquanclasses in -  aikido  •  karate  •  tai chi  •  qi gong



   



   



   skills for all ages• evasion & escape skills• effective self defense skills• safe falling skills& much moreall classes are relaxed, upbeat & fun



   
    
  kids

  

button



 

  teens

  





 
  women

  

button



 
     all ages

  

button



 
  law enforcment& security

  

button









   let's assume...  …that the average individual is no match, especially strength-wise, against an aggressor. ...that the average individual prefers non-violent self defense options rather than the commonly known
violent responses and escalations and the legal liabilities that can result....that most people simply want to have fun learning new skills and meeting new friends.that's where aikido  comes in!aikido's proven techniques and strategies are highly effective regardless of size, strength, gender or athletic ability, and used by all levels of law enforcement and security.aikido — where good people come together to have fun while learning important self protection skills.


   videos
worth a thousand words..."change your life!""the amazing grace of aikido""aikido for everyone""a mom's testimonial"-------------our
aikido centers brochure


    madison • sparta • montclair • manasquan locations & classesvisitors are welcome to observe any classes anytime!



    3-month
starter special -

  only $199!

(a value of $405)if needed -
aikido training uniform: $80on-going memberships:(after our 3-month starter special)$120/monthwith our secure auto-payor$140/monthwith cash or check membership includes unlimited classesfamily discounts
after their 3-month starter specialall additional family members receive
a 10% discount

  
    







   all memberships include unlimited 
classes  and
 
your aikido centers membership is recognized by aikido world headquarters, tokyo, japan and welcomed at aikido dojos across the u.s. and around the world.


       
      




    




    




    





     




    




    




    





     




    




    




    





     




    




    




    













   sensible self defensefor everyone — effective techniques for appropriate ethical response•  mindfulness & daily calm• self protection and self control• fun, interactive training• body, breath and brains• fun fitness for the whole family
 


     

more benefits




     


"aikido centers is a great and well run organization made of individuals that come together each for their own reasons, but aside from their main motivations, to develop physical and mental sharpness in a healthy environment among like-minded men and women, in a joyful manor. it’s not just about the martial training. beyond the training are a plethora of opportunities to add to the aikido experience." michael c.
   


aikido centers has kids classes, multiple locations, great facilities and friendly atmosphere. as a person who has been around aikido and other martial arts for more than 30 years, i can honestly say that aikido centers is the pinnacle of martial arts instruction. more than student/teacher relationships for effective self-defense, each and every person is part of a family that insures that your technique is far above and beyond the run-of-the-mill martial arts school. great care is taken for physical, mental and personal growth."  john m.






      

 
    

 

 


























































































  
  share by:










