


the mgh fund - massachusetts general hospital giving




please enable javascript
this website requires javascript to function properly. please enable javascript in your web browser.


skip to main content  give now     events stories our donors massgeneral.org newsletter sign-up contact us search 



 our impact 

 

 the campaign for mass generalthe building for the future of health caretop quality careinnovative researchexcellence in educationstrong communities  where to give 

 

 the mgh fund support our greatest needs cancer centercommunity healthcorrigan minehan heart centerdiversity, equity and inclusioneducationneuroscience view more   how to give 

 

 make a one-time giftmake a monthly giftmake a tribute giftstart a fundraiserplan a giftgive as an mgh employeecorporate and foundation givinginternational giving view more   give now  events stories our donors massgeneral.org newsletter sign-up contact us search 



    back stay informed.  sign up for our newsletter.    enter your email    subscribe     close newsletter signup search mass general giving         popular searches  alsmarathon teamtermeer centerkrantz family center for cancer research corrigan minehan heart center    close search 
        you are using an unsupported browser. please use the latest version of
        chrome, firefox, safari or edge.
              where to give  the mgh fund  together, we can shape the future of health care.  give now   menu  learn more about give to the mgh fund now  ways to give  the 1811 society  contact the mgh fund  our vision for the future  



fy 23 at a glance  



  on this page: our strengths  imagine a future   featured story   massachusetts general hospital has taken on medicine’s biggest challenges, from advancing care for diseases like cancer to fighting novel infections like covid-19, since our founding in 1811.
the mgh fund empowers us to make further progress to improve patients’ lives, strengthen communities and create a healthier world.
the mgh fund by the numbers
the mgh fund is the hospital’s main source of flexible funding, used at the discretion of the hospital president. it supports the areas of greatest need across the hospital not only during times of crisis, but also for the long term.
  0  thousand gifts made to the mgh fund in fy23$ 0  million given to the mgh fund since 2017 0  employees supported the most recent my giving helps: the mgh fund + united way employee campaign 0 + countries where donations to the mgh fund have originated, in addition to all 50 u.s. states and puerto ricoour vision
the mgh fund allows the hospital to respond when a need or opportunity arises, whether it’s combating a public health emergency, supporting an innovative patient support program or funding a researcher’s promising scientific lead.
one gift to the mgh fund has infinite possibilities. your generosity could help us to:  

apply new approaches in prevention and detection to catch illness before it progresses.
reimagine the patient experience using the latest technology.
build state-of-the-art facilities that expand clinical operations.
make discoveries that change the face of medicine.
create a modern education hub for mass general providers and staff.
set global standards for health care safety and quality.
expand our reach to more people of color and highly vulnerable communities.
continue investing in community care across new england.

the mgh fund empowers us to make further progress to improve patients’ lives, strengthen communities and create a healthier world. this support touches every aspect of our mission:
transforming patient care
whether treating individuals for a rare condition or a common health issue, mass general provides top-quality care to everyone who walks through our doors. this commitment was demonstrated during the covid-19 crisis, when we mobilized quickly to care for more patients with the disease than any other hospital in the region. the mgh fund fuels important patient care initiatives, from our community health centers in underserved communities to our home base program, which serves enlisted veterans, service members and families.  
breaking new ground in medical research
mass general has a long tradition of making discoveries that push medicine forward. we know that truly revolutionary discoveries often come from the most outside-the-box ideas. but this kind of “risky” research is routinely neglected by traditional institutional funders, making philanthropic support essential to turning innovative ideas into reality. the mgh fund helps our experts develop treatments, techniques and technologies that impact lives around the world.  
advancing medical education
from our roots as the original teaching hospital of harvard medical school to our current position as the top-ranked postgraduate residency training program in the nation for medical students, mass general has always been dedicated to educating the next generation of trailblazers — and we always will be. but health care never stops changing, so providers should never stop learning. the mgh fund enables investments that keep our doctors, nurses and staff at the forefront of their respective fields.  
building healthier communities
since our founding, mass general has been deeply committed to caring for under-resourced communities close to campus and across the globe, addressing some of the most complex health care concerns facing our patients worldwide. the mgh fund allows us to look beyond purely clinical factors and confront social determinants that impact our patients’ health, including income, geography and education. it also helps us lead systemic change to advance health care equity and find solutions for a host of public health challenges, such as obesity, substance use and youth mental health.  
 did you know ...  gifts to the mgh fund are not used to fill gaps in the hospital’s budget. rather, these gifts ensure mass general continues to make a difference in all aspects of its mission, which spans patient care, research, education and community health.
  featured story in good hands: a patient’s perspective a mass general patient for more than 50 years, nathalie binney shows her gratitude through her philanthropy.
 read more amplify your impact 
 
the 1811 society
the 1811 society recognizes donors who make an annual leadership gift of $1,000 or more to the mgh fund. the society celebrates the longstanding tradition of philanthropy at mass general while supporting our hospital as we push new boundaries in our third century of medicine.
the 1811 society →
     donate your gift to the mgh fund will provide highly flexible dollars that fuel bold breakthroughs, compassionate care and revolutionary results in medicine.   give now   donor story why i give | john berrett   donor story a thank you letter — 44 years in the making   profile in medicine breaking down barriers in academic medicine   profile in medicine using life’s experiences to determine the meaning of home   donor story pancreatic cancer survivor funds clinical trial for future patients   profile in medicine resilience: a lifelong journey for mass general’s new president   hospital news a message from david f. m. brown, md   donor story why i give | betty ann blum   donor story why i give | cindy tenner   donor story in good hands: a patient's perspective   
        view more
         donate now. support mass general today to deliver quality medical care in our community and the world.  
              $50
             
              $100
             
              $250
             
              $500
             $
              enter in any donation amount in us dollars.   
              make this a monthly donation
             next step   mass general development office 125 nashua street, suite 540  boston, ma 02114-1101 617.726.2200 mghdevelopment@mgh.harvard.edu 







 stories find out what makes mass general unique. get inspired. events turn your empathy into action. get involved. where to give where can you make a difference? get informed. how to give your generosity. your impact. your way. get invested.  about frequently asked questionsmassachusetts general hospitalmass general brighamharvard medical school privacy & security pledge to donorsprivacy policysocial media policyterms of use and copyright notice massachusetts general hospital is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization, and donations are tax deductible to the full extent allowed by law.   © 2025 massachusetts general hospital.  

