






apache ant - welcome





























                      the apache ant site
                    



















home






projects










apache ant
          

welcome


license


news


security reports



documentation
          

manual


related projects


external tools and tasks


resources


frequently asked questions


wiki


having problems?



download
          

binary distributions


source distributions


ant manual



contributing
          

mailing lists


git repositories


subversion repositories


nightly+continuous builds


bug database


security



sponsorship
          

thanks


sponsorship



project management
          

contributors


apache ant mission


project bylaws


legal


privacy policy


processes


archive











 


welcome


      apache ant™
    
apache ant is a java library and command-line tool whose
		mission is to drive processes described in build files as targets
		and extension points dependent upon each other.
		the main known usage of ant is the build of java applications.
		ant supplies a number of built-in tasks allowing to compile, assemble,
		test and run java applications.
		ant can also be used effectively to build non java applications, for
		instance c or c++ applications. more generally, ant can be used to
		pilot any type of process which can be described in terms of targets
		and tasks.
    

		ant is written in java. users of ant can develop their own
		"antlibs" containing ant tasks and types, and are offered 
		a large number of ready-made commercial or open-source "antlibs".
    

		ant is extremely flexible and does not impose coding conventions or
		directory layouts to the java projects which adopt it as a build tool.
	

		software development projects looking for a solution combining build tool and
		dependency management can use ant in combination with apache ivy.

the apache ant project is part of
          the apache software
          foundation.


      apache ivy 2.5.3
    
december 23, 2024 - apache ivy 2.5.3 released
apache ivy 2.5.3 is now available for download as source or
      binary from
      https://ant.apache.org/ivy/download.cgi.
ivy 2.5.3 is a bug fix release, no new features have been added.


      apache ant 1.10.15
    
august 29, 2024 - apache ant 1.10.15 released
apache ant 1.10.15 is now available for download from
      https://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi.
ant 1.10.15 is a regular bug fix release and can be used with java runtime version 8 and
     higher, including the current latest version java 22.


      apache ant 1.9.x eol
    
june 19, 2024 - apache ant 1.9.x release series eol
the ant pmc voted 
       to eol the 1.9.x release series. we urge ant users to use ant 1.10.x releases, which sees
       regular bug fixes, enhancements and releases.
    


      apache ivyde retired
    
nov 26, 2023 - ivyde retired
the ant pmc voted 
       to archive the ivyde subproject. this means that all 
       its resources are removed or made read only and no further development will 
       be done. 
       it also means that, if a community grows, the subproject could be
       reactivated.
    


      apache ant 1.10.14
    
august 20, 2023 - apache ant 1.10.14 released
apache ant 1.10.14 is now available for download from
      https://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi.
the apache ant team currently maintains two lines of
      development. the 1.9.x releases require java5 at runtime and 1.10.x
      requires java8 at runtime. both lines are based off of ant 1.9.7 and
      the 1.9.x releases are mostly bug fix releases while additional new
      features are developed for 1.10.x. we recommend using 1.10.x unless
      you are required to use versions of java prior to java8 during the
      build process.
ant 1.10.14 contains an important change wherein it no longer uses or sets 
      java securitymanager when running on java versions 18 and higher. this should
      allow projects to build on java 18 and higher versions.


      apache ivy 2.5.2
    
august 20, 2023 - apache ivy 2.5.2 released
apache ivy 2.5.2 is now available for download as source or
      binary from
      https://ant.apache.org/ivy/download.cgi.
ivy 2.5.2 is mainly a bug fix release that also fixes a
    security vulnerability, see security
    reports for details.


      apache antunit 1.4.1
    
jul 7, 2021 - apache antunit 1.4.1 released
apache antunit 1.4.1 is now available for download as binary
    or source
    release.
this release fixes the antlib.xml descriptor so that antunit
    can now be used with a user-defined uri rather than having
    antunit's preferred uri hardcoded..


      easyant retired
    
dec 13, 2016 - easyant retired
the ant pmc voted 
       to archive the easyant subproject and all its modules. this means that all 
       its resources are removed or made read only and no further development will 
       be done. 
       it also means that, if a community grows, the subproject could 
       reactivated.
    


      apache ivyde 2.2.0
    
november 22, 2013 - apache ivyde 2.2.0 released
the apache ivyde project is pleased to announce its 2.2.0 release.
the apache ivyde eclipse plugin integrates apache ivy's dependency management 
      into eclipse. it lets you manage your dependencies declared in an ivy.xml in 
      your java eclipse projects, or any other kind of project which needs dependency 
      management. apache ivyde will contribute to the classpath of your java project 
      or you can make it retrieve your dependencies directly into your project. last 
      but not least apache ivyde offer editors of ivy.xml and ivysettings.xml files 
      with completion. get some preview here: 
      https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/screenshots.html

major changes in this release

the api of ivyde has been stabilized so that third party plugins can rely on it,
while still not complete, and still not advertised as stable in ivy, support of osgi has been added,
javadoc and source attachement can be edited now one by one,
improved stability of the resolve process,
improved logging for easier debugging.


compatibility

this release is expected to work with every version of ivy 2.1 or superior. 
          the osgi features require ivy 2.3.0 or superior though.


this release is considered as stable. the beta of 2.2.0 has been out for a (too) long time.
a more detailed release notes can be read there:
      https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/history/latest-milestone/release-notes.html 
      download the 2.2.0 release at:
      https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/download.cgi 

      or use directly the apache ivyde's updatesite:
      https://downloads.apache.org/ant/ivyde/updatesite 
      
      issues should be reported to:
      https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ivyde 
      
      more information can be found on the apache ivyde website:
      https://ant.apache.org/ivy/ivyde/



      documentation
    

you can view the documentation for the current release 
online


comprehensive documentation is included in the source and binary distributions.



      get involved
    

get involved
join mailing lists
search the dev mailing list

search the user mailing list





        copyright © 1999-2024 the apache software foundation, licensed under the apache license, version 2.0.
      

      apache ant, apache ivy, apache easyant, ant, ivy, easyant, apache, the apache feather logo, and the apache ant project logos are trademarks of the apache software foundation.
        



