






georgia fsc - home page













georgia figure skating club




member club #952



 
 





 
 


home
 


testing
 


membership
 


club ice
 


events
 


results
 


synchronized
 


adults
 


links
 


officers/board
 


newsletter
 


miscellaneous
 


 
 







 

     



 





     the georgia fsc is a 501(c)3 non-profit charitable organization.

















welcome:


        welcome to the website for the georgia figure skating club.  

        if you have any questions, or spot any problems, please email the 

        .

         



membership/testing:


	 click here to join or renew          
	 
	 click here to sign up for virtual and in-person tests
news:


peach open and peach classic:
the 2024 events were held july 18-21, 2024 at the atlanta iceforum 
	 in duluth, ga.this year's peach open was part of the nqs (national 
	 qualifying series).the juvenile well balanced programs and above 
	 singles events will be nqs events.the peach open non-qualifying events 
	 also included excel program (formerly 
	 test track) and competeusa (formerly basic skills) events.  the open 
	 juvenile, pre-juvenile, and all excel singles events will be part of the 
	 non-qualifying event.


     for 
	 link to more information, such as hotels, directions, rink layout and results, please click on the
     links below:
2024 peach open 
	 2024 peach classicpeach open:





national qualifying series events 
				 (juvenile through senior singles) results:
				 
				 https://ijs.usfigureskating.org/leaderboard/results/2024/33518/index.asp





non-qualifying events 
				 (pre-juv and below singles, excel, aspire, showcase, 
				 competeusa, etc) 
results:
				 
				 https://ijs.usfigureskating.org/leaderboard/results/2024/34455/index.asp


peach classic:





the peach classic is a adult non-qualifying competition.  
				 it hosts the 
	 same events and age ranges as usfs adult nationals.  and, is also part 
	 of the adult competition series.
results:
				 
				 https://ijs.usfigureskating.org/leaderboard/results/2024/33456/index.asp




      
awards
	 banquet:


	 the 2024 annual awards banquet was held 
	 sunday, april 28, at the hola taqueria, from 2:00-4:00pm

     test certificates and nqs pins were presented.  also the winners of 
	 this years awards were presented.the recipients 
	 of this year and previous year's awards can be seen here.       

     

      

      

       club jackets  
	 
     

     check out the jackets

     page. 
  club ice monitors:
we need a volunteer each week to verify the number of skaters on the ice, and
that everyone has signed in.
duluth club
ice monitor (fridays) 
we will also have signups for test sessions, competitions, etc.
   social media:the

     club has facebook and instagram pages



please "like" our pages and follow us for timely updates.





        college scholarships:
information and application
 
  igive.com:the georgia figure skating club

     has setup an account with igive.  igive has a program where you shop

     online and a portion of your spending is sent to the gafsc as a

     donation.  and, since the gafsc is a recognized 501(c)(3) non-profit

     organization, you can claim these donations on your taxes (per irs

     regulations).it doesn't cost a cent to join and once you're a member,

     every time you shop the mall at igive.com we receive a percentage of each

     purchase you make.  igive allows you to do online shopping with your

     choice of over 600 nationally known online merchants like barnes &

     noble, eddie bauer, lands' end and petsmart. your privacy is guaranteed,

     plus money-saving deals and specials every day! 

     if you'd like more information or if you'd like to sign up, click here: 
   southern interclub skating council:
the southern interclub skating council was re-formed in 2006. 

     newsletters and officers are available on the sicsc

     page.



          

       

     
contact information:
contact information for the club can be found on the board page.

     the georgia figure skating club is incorporated in the state of georgia and is registered with the irs as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.

     click here to download the letter from the irs.

rinks:


we hold club ice, host test sessions, and offer competitions at the following rinks.  

the club does not own nor operate these facilities.


atlanta iceforum
2300 satellite blvd.

duluth, ga 30097

770-813-1010



atlanta ice house2600 
prado ln marietta ga, 30066 404-800-2150


 



purpose:


     the purposes of the georgia figure skating club are:   

     
to encourage the instruction, practice and advancement of the members in free skating, dancing, and all types of figure skating; 

      to encourage and cultivate a spirit of fraternal feeling among ice skaters; 

      to sponsor, to produce, or co-operate in the production of amateur ice carnivals and shows; 

      to encourage the instruction and training of judges and other officials in support and furtherance of recognized united states figure skating association objectives as well as working with other skating organizations and clubs. 

     










copyright © 2023 - all rights reserved
all corrections and comments to







