








			mathematics – lamar university - lamar university
		




























skip to content







lu connect
lu online
library
academic calendar
maps
directory




  apply
cost & aid
contact us
  search 
  more 





lu connect
lu online
library
academic calendar
maps
directory
give




about
academics
admissions
student life
athletics
research















lamar university


department of mathematics
college of arts and sciences







menu 





degrees


resources


math shop


faculty and staff


contact us





 








home






mathematics






mathematics is the foundation and common language of physics, science, engineering and computer science. in addition, there is a rich history of the influence of mathematics on economics, business and even on arts and music. our department offers a full range of courses in applied and pure mathematics, statistics and mathematics education for elementary and secondary certification.
a mathematics major will not only find professors who are thoughtful and caring, but they will also find professors who are active researchers and seek to engage majors in research opportunities and research seminars.
math course rotation







degrees


bachelor of arts math
bachelor of arts math teacher certification
bachelor of science math
master of science math
master of science in computational and quantitative methods
 

employers often look very favorably on graduates with extra degrees.  learn more about:› mathematics minor› double majors› dual majors







careers

degrees in mathematics are highly desirable to industry whether as stand-alone degrees or as a complement to engineering or scientific degrees.
career choices include:  teaching  actuarial science  computer science  operations research  statistics and more
explore options →




 






helping you succeed!
our lab is staffed by qualified, graduate tutors, ready to help you achieve success in your current math course. tutoring will begin jan. 2021 and a schedule will be posted at that time. 
more about math shop tutoring

 












   4400 mlk blvd.  p.o. box 10009  beaumont, texas 77710 (409) 880-7011


         
   
all rights reserved. | questions or comments? department contact







        publish date: december 16, 2024
    













