



	home - the herbert art gallery & museum

























skip to main content






x
cookie preferences


we use cookies to personalise content and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our website with our analytics partners. view our cookies page.

accept all cookiesset custom preferences


strictly necessary cookies required


                            analytics cookies 
                                








                            marketing cookies 
                                








for more information view our cookie policy.












herbert art gallery & museum
jordan well, coventry cv1 5qp




latest news
admission free
donate





















homeaboutnational portfolio organisationculture coventrywork at the museumvolunteercontact usvisitgetting here & parkingopening hoursaccessibilitygalleriesgalleries
learn more about the galleries at the herbert museum
history gallerydiscover godivapeace & reconcilliationgallery 2long gallerytemporary spacesshoppingphotography & filmingalso in the areawhat's oneventexhibitionfamilyworkshoptalkadultpodcastonline exhibitionscollectionsarchaeologyarchaeology
archaeology overviewtudor and stuartmedievalanglo saxonsromansprehistoryarchivesarchives
charter of incorporation (coventry charter)letter from queen anne (anne boleyn)queen elizabeth i letternatural historynatural history
natural history overviewcustoms & exciserocks & mineralsbirds & mammalsshellsbutterflies & mothssocial and industrial historysocial & industrial history
social and industrial history overviewgeorge eliot collectiontoys and gamessilk ribbon weavingwatchesstevengraphscostume and textilesvisual artsvisual arts
visual arts overviewbritish life and landscapecathedral tapestry studies by graham sutherlandgodivapeace and reconciliationwatercoloursold grammar schoolloansdonate an objectdepositing archaeologyonline catalogueloansarchiveswant to donate?our servicescollectionscollections
city archivesmaps and plansnewspapers and journalslocal historyfamily history resourcesspecial collectionscoventry digitalcoventry atlasfree resourceslearnlearning from homeautumn and winter crafts activitiescoventry blitzcoventry transport museumlunt roman fort activitiesschoolsschools
virtual school membershipplan your visitart & creative practicehistoryliteracyin your schoolfaqschool booking formdippy in coventrymicroworldvirtual learning programmecreative bridges trainingprojectsprojects
lest we forgetmelody makerscrafts of the punjabaccessculteducation newsletter partiescorporatecorporate partnershipsproduction hirecorporate hirescorporate hire formmedia enquiriesmedia enquiriessupportnewsletterdonatevolunteerwork at the museum

















microworld coventry

26 october 2024 – 23 february 2025
an immersive space filled with digital creatures that communicate with each other and the audience.
each microworld is a celebration of a new type of living art that encourages experimentation and collaborative play.
learn more












coventry open 2025

28 march - 8 june 2025
a showcase of work by west midlands artists.
learn more












collecting coventry

saturday 11 may 2024 - sunday 27 april 2025
collecting coventry explores a catalogue of objects managed by culture coventry trust, that reflect 75 years of collecting efforts.
learn more












dippy in coventry

book now 
tickets are available for dippy: the nation's favourite dinosaur. dippy the diplodocus is on loan from the natural history museum.
learn more












online exhibitions

explore from home on culture space coventry
discover highlights from past exhibitions, talks, video, podcast and more!
 
learn more












corporate hire

hire one of our multifunctional spaces: including covered court with dippy the dinosaur, learning spaces, studio and long gallery.
learn more














join our mailing list








latest events







crafting magic & myths
15 february 10.30am – 22 february 3.30pm 2025
transform mason jars into magical forests for goblins and fairies, and create your own masks and wearable dragon wings!


                   ...
read more










art masterclass: paper sculptures with artist clare pentlow
20 february 202510.30am – 3.30pm
read more








craft & gift market
1 march 10.00am – 2 march 4.00pm 2025
read more








mini museum engineers on tour at the herbert | world book day	
6 march 202510.30am – 3.00pm
read more


more events |











plan your visit
there's so much to see you'll discover something new every time you visit

how to get here

accessibility

museum shop
galleries

find out more







opening hours
monday: closed (open for bank holiday mondays only)

tuesday to saturday: 10am - 4pm
sunday: 12pm - 4pm
(closed: 23, 24, 25, 26, 30 december and 1 january)
find out more







what's on
from contemporary art exhibitions to social history talks. there's so much for adults, families, and children of all ages to explore.
you can expect... 

world-class exhibitions
extraordinary events for all ages
ever-changing displays
unique experiences

gain a fresh perspective on the legend of lady godiva, discover your ancestors’ history in the coventry archives, and explore coventry's history from the 1500s onwards. all of this is just a stone’s throw away from coventry cathedral.
find out more







galleries
our permanent galleries showcase the museum's collections, from fine paintings to historical and archaeological artefacts and natural history specimens.
find out more







our collections
the herbert has extensive and wide ranging collections which are grouped under four broad headings:

visual arts
social and industrial history
archaeology
natural history

view our collections







learning at the herbert
our experienced team of award winning professionals deliver innovative and immersive learning experiences for all.
find out more


















































































herbert art gallery & museum 2025
culture coventry limited; registered in cardiff, wales. no. 8359113
designed by lightmedia

login







search the herbert

















‹
›
×







×






                                previous
                            

                                next
                                








