


new york personal injury lawyers & accident attorneys: the law offices of jonathan b. nelson, p.c.






 








































































 


new york citypersonal injury law firm
>> en espaï¿½ol




we are a new york personal injury law firm providing excellent legal representation in personal injury, products liability,  medical malpractice matters, brain injury, birth injury, cerebral palsy, lead poisoning, auto accidents, slip and fall, negligence, and criminal defense cases. 
let our family help your family. 
legal advice in new york city, manhattan, brooklyn, bronx, queens, staten island, new york.

at the law offices of jonathan b. nelson, pc, new york, ny, we handle a diverse array of litigation matters. at the core of this firm's philosophy remains the idea that we pride ourselves in providing personalized and individual attention to every client. we address each client's concerns with the importance they demand and treat each client with the dignity they deserve. 
if you or your child have been injured through the fault of another you may need the advice of a qualified attorney. at the law offices of jonathan b. nelson, pc, we are always available to meet with you or your family members in our office or at your convenience, in your home or even at the hospital. 
 >> see what our clients are saying about us!
we ask all viewers to take the time to read our disclaimer so as to completely understand the purpose of this site and the limited nature of relationship between the law offices of jonathan b. nelson, p.c. and our viewers. 
practice areaslead poisoning | brain injury | birth injury | cerebral palsyslip, trip & fall | auto accidents | products liabilitycriminal law & offenses | criminal defense | dwiwhite collar crimes | construction accidents | biography sitemap | contact us<!-- 




 
  

 




 web 
 www.nelson-law.com         
 













all content © by jonathan b. nelson.
all design and production © by  netvisibilities . 
all rights reserved.
attorney advertising.  prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

 


