














the skate depot 







 

skates  »
skate types  »
artistic skates rhythm skates jam skates speed skates derby skates childrens skates roller blades roller hockey skates outdoor skates speed inline skates 


experience level  »
beginner skates intermediate skates advanced skates 




components  »
boots  »
boot types  »
artistic boots rhythm boots jam boots speed boots derby boots 


boot cut  »
high top boots low-cut boots 




plates  »
axle size  »
7mm axles 8mm axles 


plate material  »
nylon plates metal plates 




wheels  »
wheel size  »
narrow width standard width 


hub material  »
nylon hub metal hub no hub 


wheel type  »
speed skate wheels derby wheels jam wheels artistic wheels outdoor wheels rhythm wheels inline wheels hockey wheels 


wheel hardness  »
firm wheels grip wheels 




bearings  »
bearing material  »
ceramic bearings steel bearings titanium bearings 


number of balls  »
6 ball bearings 7 ball bearings 8 ball bearings 




toe stops  »
bolt size  »
5/8 adjustable 5/16 non adjustable 


toe stop type  »
regular toe stops dance plugs jam plugs 






accessories  »
skate laces  »
lace type  »
fat laces checkered laces reversible laces plaid laces solid laces disco laces 




blister pads pom poms skate socks insoles protective gear  »
by sport  »
derby protective gear roller hockey 


gear type  »
body protection mouth guards wrist guards elbow pads knee pads helmets gloves blockers leg pads chest protectors neck guards girdles shin guards shoulder pads 




skate tools skate bags hockey accessories  »
playing position  »
goalie player 


hockey sticks referee/coaching gear hockey jerseys hockey tape 


instructional videos clothing for skaters derby accessories rink signs 


parts  »
part gender  »
male parts female parts 


part type  »
trucks cushions cushion retainers kingpins kingpin nuts axles kingpin set screws pivot pins toe stop lock screws pivot inserts 


skate type  »
roller skate hockey skates roller blades inline speed skate 


plate/frame type  »
sunlite sure-grip super x sure-grip junior pro sure-grip competitor sure-grip probe sure-grip century sure-grip classic sure-grip xk4 singler sure-grip xk4 doubler nova laser stopless laser with stop sure-grip powertrac snyder super deluxe snyder advantage snyder imperial pacer quad cruiser pacer resistor pacer hard candy labeda proline snyder royal sure-grip avenger sure-grip invader 


roller derby speed skating jam skating roller hockey 


apparel  »
shirts 


scooters  »closeout items


                    search:
					




view cart - 0 item(s) | contact us

navigationskatescomponentsaccessoriespartsproducts by sportapparelscooters
top searchesderby skatesbeginner skatesbackspin wheelskid's roller skatesjam skatesvanilla juniorschildren's roller skatescloseout itemsvanilla skatesdiamond walker skates
more info

brands we carry
sizing guides
return policy
privacy policy
contact us!




the skate depot
    
    welcome to the newly designed theskatedepot.com. we hope you enjoy your shopping experience and suggest our site to all of your skating friends. we offer one of the largest selections of skates on the internet today.  our prices are as competitive as the other sites but you are getting superior customer service when ordering with us.  please let us know if there is anything that you might want that you do not see on our site. you can email us at sales@theskatedepot.com for all inquiries.  let theskatedepot.com be your one stop shop for all of your skating needs.theskatedepot.com, one of america's largest e-commerce sites for all of your skating needs. theskatedepot.com was one of the first skate shops on the internet to offer a full line of roller skates and parts, in addition to inline skates. in 1998 theskatedepot.com was launched and we are here for you today, and we will be here for you when all the others have faded away. theskatedepot.com is your one stop internet skate source for all skating equipment, including quad roller skates, inline skates, accessories. we offer a full line of hockey skates, hockey equipment on both this site and our sister site www.thehockeydepot.com. we have a large selection with the best prices on the net. we offer roller skates, inline skates, speed skates, dance skates, artistic skates for beginners and pros with setups from mild to wild. we can build custom skates designed with your choice of components. order online and have it delivered to your door.
why is theskatedepot.com one of the top skate shops on the net?
its quite simple, our selection, our pricing, our technical expertise, and customer service. all this combined makes theskatedepot.com the place to make your next skate purchase.
still not sure? just ask your friends, they shop here.
all of your orders placed at theskatedepot.com are safe and secure.
	
        
roller skates, roller blades, and skate accessories





speed skates






jam skates






rhythm skates






roller blades






roller hockey skates






speed inline skates






speed skate wheels






rhythm wheels






hockey wheels

 


featured products





atom juke alloy wheels






chilli scooter stand






lenexa mvp quad skate






vnla parfait complete






vanilla skate co hoodie - classic

 

on-sale products





atom g-rod 2.0 wheels






labeda broadway wheels with abec5 bearings






chicago starter adult skates






rc zinger wheels

 


popular brands

vanilla skates
backspin wheels
sure-grip skates
atom wheels
qube bearings

skate links

theskatedepot.com
rc sports
wftda roller derby
more links...

 

welcome to the newly designed theskatedepot.com. we hope you enjoy your shopping experience and suggest our site to all of your skating friends. we offer one of the largest selections of skates on the internet today.  our prices are as competitive as the other sites but you are getting superior customer service when ordering with us.  please let us know if there is anything that you might want that you do not see on our site. you can email us at sales@theskatedepot.com for all inquiries.  let theskatedepot.com be your one stop shop for all of your skating needs.theskatedepot.com, one of america's largest e-commerce sites for all of your skating needs. theskatedepot.com was one of the first skate shops on the internet to offer a full line of roller skates and parts, in addition to inline skates. in 1998 theskatedepot.com was launched and we are here for you today, and we will be here for you when all the others have faded away. theskatedepot.com is your one stop internet skate source for all skating equipment, including quad roller skates, inline skates, accessories. we offer a full line of hockey skates, hockey equipment on both this site and our sister site www.thehockeydepot.com. we have a large selection with the best prices on the net. we offer roller skates, inline skates, speed skates, dance skates, artistic skates for beginners and pros with setups from mild to wild. we can build custom skates designed with your choice of components. order online and have it delivered to your door.
why is theskatedepot.com one of the top skate shops on the net?
its quite simple, our selection, our pricing, our technical expertise, and customer service. all this combined makes theskatedepot.com the place to make your next skate purchase.
still not sure? just ask your friends, they shop here.
all of your orders placed at theskatedepot.com are safe and secure.


