
























ocracoke island | ocracokeguide.com


















skip to main content






toggle navigation




outer banks destinations



outer banks this week
outer banks
destinations
corolla
duck & southern shores
nags head, kill devil hills &  kitty hawk
roanoke island & manteo
hatteras
ocracoke
daytrips edenton

 contact us
privacy policy
log in

 
















search

















check out the outer banks this week podcast!   live local updates! subscribe to our newsletter. 








 





 





 














latest status updates
ferry updates

eat & drink restaurants
drinks/bars
daily specials
dining promotions

shop stores
sales & events

play things to do
attractions
programs & activities
fishing
ocra. fishing report
obx fishing reports

stay hotels, inns and b&bs
vacation rentals
accommodation offers
rental deals & offers

events all
daytime
nightlife
annual

podcasts capt. martyfacebook page

outerbanksthisweekways to listen
facebook group


videos obx beach report
local spotlight

more coupons
obx giveaways
weddings
information
articles
site map




social 

facebook 
youtube 
instagram 
pinterest 
twitter 



 
 









 










eatopenlearn more
restaurants
drinks/bars
daily specials
dining promotions
 



shopopenlearn more
stores
sales & events
 



playopenlearn more
things to do
attractions
programs & activities
fishing
ocra. fishing report
obx fishing reports
 



stayopenlearn more
hotels, inns and b&bs
vacation rentals
accommodation offers
rental deals & offers
 



latestopenlearn more
status updates
ferry updates
 



eventsopenlearn more
all
daytime
nightlife
annual
 



infoopenlearn more
getting here
history
 



weddingsopenlearn more
weddings
 



 



outer banksocracoke  






ocracoke island




 
visit ocracoke, nc links of interest overviewgetting herediscover ocracoke island, north carolina. the cure for the common beach.
sketched into the southern tip of the outer banks, ocracoke has a raw, untamed pirate spirit, but it's so beautiful it can easily lull you with its sun-soaked charms. the feeling starts from the sea and rolls inward. the island, though relatively small, initially looks expansive due to its miles and miles of pristine beaches, all owned by the national park service. ocracoke twinkles like a bright lure for a summer trip, and it glides lazily and romantically along for couples looking for a sail, a sea kayak excursion or a walk to the ocracoke lighthouse.
ocracoke island's beach – #1 in the nation!
ocracoke's undeveloped beaches are so beautiful and clean that they are frequently recognized by dr. beach (actually dr. stephen leatherman of florida international university's laboratory for coastal research) as among the best in the nation. in fact, in 2022 dr. beach ranked ocracoke island's lifeguard beach as #1 on his 10 best beaches in the usa list. ocracoke ranked higher than beaches in florida, california and even hawaii. dr. beach reviews and evaluates beaches in categories such as beach width, sand softness, water temperature, cleanliness, access, amenities, presence of lifeguards and many more factors, so it's quite the honor for ocracoke to take home the top prize.
ocracoke attractions
the #1 ocracoke attraction is undoubtedly the beach, and the above-mentioned #1 ranking by dr. beach from 2022 confirms this fact. wide open, undeveloped and a playground for anything you can do under the sun or in/on/around the water, most people to ocracoke spend lots of their time here. but other ocracoke attractions include the pamlico sound, ocracoke lighthouse, the british cemetery, the ocracoke ponies, springer's point nature preserve, live music, nature trails and more. visiting these places is easy to do during a leisurely stroll or bike ride around the village. (the ponies are a few miles from the village, so you might want to drive there.)
ocracoke things to do
some of the things to do on ocracoke center around the water that surrounds and buffers this island and on the unfiltered natural world. local outfitters can get you into a kayak or onto a surfboard (and with lessons and camps to help you learn if need be), parasailing high above the water, suping, waverunning or sailing. have you ever been clam digging or flounder gigging? here's your chance. if you'd rather stay dry, you have tons of options. hike on nature trails, visit local cemeteries, listen to music or take a guided town or ghost tour, ride horses along the beach, learn about pirates, head to deserted portsmouth island, tool around the island on a bike or golf cart (there's a safe and wide bike path that extends from the village all the way to the national park service campground), attend a porch talk on the history and culture of ocracoke, join in on a class that will teach you about the local environment and wildlife, get a massage or spa treatment, rent a 4wd (and get a permit!) and go exploring or hit the local gym for a good workout. and, if you're an angler, the fishing on ocracoke island is one of the biggest draws year round. you’ll be as entertained and active on ocracoke island as you want to be. 
the national park service offers a wide variety of seasonal interpretive programs, guided walks and ranger-led programs, which are great ways to explore the island’s culture, nature and history. the nps ocracoke discovery center is a place to learn more about the island through exhibits and also to ask questions and pick up brochures and information.
ocracoke shopping
as far as ocracoke shopping goes, the entire island puts out the welcome mat. a charming aspect of ocracoke island is that the shops are located along most of the meandering streets, not in shopping centers. you get to hop on a bike, a golf cart or walk around the island on what is surely the most relaxed shopping experience/exploration you've had. gifts, clothes, great art, wonderful books, outdoor gear, kites, beach supplies, home decorations, jewelry – it’s all here, and nothing is superstore copied.
ocracoke restaurants
you might think that an island such as this would offer fewer options for dining, but that’s not the case. again, in keeping with the magic that is ocracoke, you’ll find absolutely no chains among ocracoke restaurants. not a single one. how many towns can boast that anymore?! you will, however, find restaurants that offer incredibly well-prepared, imaginative food. the variety is surprising — thai, mexican, crepes, hot dogs, pizza, italian, gourmet, seafood, raw bars. any of the ocracoke restaurants are easily reached on foot or bike or via your jaunty golf cart (low noise, low emissions ), which is a good thing; you’ll need a stroll after eating at most of them because you have a hard time putting your fork down they’re so good. there are waterfront, outdoor establishments, casual sandwich-type spots and more than a few places whose food rivals any great restaurant you’ve ever been to. honest. it’s all island casual in dress and atmosphere. there might be a bit of a wait during the summer, but just relax with a drink and be happy you're here.
ocracoke hotels
finding a place to stay on ocracoke is easy (well, unless it’s the middle of summer … plan ahead, people!). ocracoke hotels and other accommodations are found all over the island – except, thankfully, oceanfront – and range from down-home mom and pop motels that are well-maintained but basic to b&bs to restored island homes to upscale condos. thankfully, you’ll find no mega-mansions here – that's just not ocracoke's style. picture this: you’re standing on your accommodation's deck, which overlooks the lighthouse with its flashing light, which is reflected in the nearby marsh water, which is under a blanket of stars that are so bright they tease the lightening bugs into trying to outshine them. ahhh, that’s just ocracoke.
if you're staying a week or more and need more space than an ocracoke hotel or b&b can give you, there are several ocracoke vacation rental companies with very helpful staff people who will assist you in finding what you want. these same few companies also offer ocracoke real estate if you become so smitten you don’t want to leave.
ocracoke weddings
not surprisingly, getting married on ocracoke is a choice that many couples make to link into the enchantment. ocracoke weddings take some planning, but there are professionals here who have helped with many a nuptial who know how to help you pull it off. note that ocracoke is in hyde county, not dare, so your license has to be obtained from the hyde county register of deeds office in swansboro on the mainland. click on the weddings link for all the info you need.
ocracoke's off season
ocracoke island in the spring and the fall is in some ways even better than in the summer months. with fewer tourists and plenty of opportunities for fun and reserving beautiful accommodations, why wait til summer? all the ocracoke activities you expect to enjoy during the summer are also available in the spring and fall. vacation rental and hotel rates are generally much less expensive during these months, with the ocracoke restaurants, grocery stores and gift stores less busy and generally (with a few exceptions) open to visitors. it’s the best time to get to know a few locals and really get into that ocracoke island vibe. traditionally, you’ll find the waters still warm enough for wading, surfing and swimming, with a cool breeze while you ride your bike or golf cart through the picturesque streets of ocracoke village.

 
frequently asked questions



what is ocracoke island like?


the character of an island community 24 miles offshore can differ dramatically from that of a mainland town, and the observation has been made that no one feels ambivalent about ocracoke island. you either feel this place is just too remote or you find it enchanting. did we really just use the word “enchanting”? yes, and it fits. there is an enchantment to ocracoke – almost as if time has found a way to stop and we, the lucky people who find our way here, get to exist in that anti-9 to 5 world.

					the only way to reach ocracoke is by ferry, private boat or plane. it wasn’t always thus. for a period of about 82 years, ocracoke island was joined to hatteras island. before 1764 the two islands had been separated by old hatteras inlet, which was located midway between ocracoke village and the location of the present inlet. when old hatteras inlet closed for good in 1764, hatteras and ocracoke were one island and it was possible to travel by land between the settlements. that was all changed september 7, 1846, when a storm blew open a deep and wide inlet that became known as hatteras inlet. today, the lack of a bridge lends the ocracoke a remote feel, even though it’s only a few miles from hatteras. people come to ocracoke to get away from the world, and the island supports that experience perfectly.

					ocracoke is admittedly a strange name. the earliest record of the island’s name, on a map made by english explorer john white in 1585, designates the inlet as wokokon. subsequent spellings include woccocock, oakacock and okercock. the name derives from the woccon tribe of native americans, who lived in the mainland tidewater and came to the island for seafood feasts in fair weather. the inlet, the island and the village now all carry the name ocracoke, which, incidentally, is pronounced like a combination of the vegetable and the soft drink.

					ocracoke is an island that's almost entirely a national park. the national park service has an enormous presence on the island because most of ocracoke island is federally protected, undeveloped land within the cape hatteras national seashore. thus, the national park service maintains the island’s pristine beaches and a long stretch of land along with a primitive campground, the lighthouse and the island’s population of formerly wild horses. 
					 
					ocracoke village is a magical place that surrounds a beautiful harbor. it's filled with shops, restaurants, accommodations and attractions. most people ride bikes or golf carts or walk around the village, since to go from end to end only takes you about 30 minutes on foot.




why is blackbeard the pirate associated with ocracoke? 


blackbeard the pirate, otherwise known as edward teach, terrorized the waters around ocracoke with his pirating from 1716-1718. his appearance was fear-inducing, with a long black beard to which he would often attach flaming sticks to heighten the scary effect he had on the poor men on his target ships. though his reign wasn't long, the accounts of his attacks told of a man who was particularly brutal. why did he choose this area for his plundering? the inlets and sand banks around ocracoke made for good hiding places from which to attack merchant ships that used ocracoke and hatteras inlets. plus, the north carolina governor tended to turn a blind eye to blackbeard's illegal acts, making the pirate even bolder. in fact, the governor and blackbeard owned houses close to each other in the small town of bath, across the sound from ocracoke and were reported to be good friends. when blackbeard and his crew needed time on land when not at bath, one of their other favorite spots was today's springer's point, a nature preserve on ocracoke island. ghost stories abound about how eerie noises can still be heard coming from the area of their camp. eventually, the governor of virginia stepped in to try to stop the greedy pirate. on november 22, 1718, blackbeard and his ship of marauders were defeated by virginia's captain maynard. to herald the pirate's defeat, maynard displayed the bearded head on his bowsprit all the way back to his home port.
					 




what's the weather like year round in ocracoke? 


ocracoke's weather is a little milder than on the northern outer banks, but only by a degree or two. still, that difference is often enough to keep snow from falling here (though it has happened!), and locals are apt to jump in the ocean earlier here than in nags head or corolla. the fact that ocracoke's beach is southern facing also creates warmer water temps. the rainiest month (with an average of nine days with rain) is august, but this doesn't mean nine days where it rains all day. frequently, the rain is in the form of afternoon thunderstorms that pop up, bring some cooling rain and winds then blow over. the average annual rainfall is 58 inches.

					january – high 53 low 39
					february – high 54 low 39
					march – high 60 low 45
					april – high 68 low 54
					may – high 76 low 62
					june – high 83 low 70
					july – high 86 low 74
					august – high 85 low 73
					september – high 81 low 69
					october – high 73 low 61
					november – high 64 low 50
					december – high 57 low 43
					 




how do i get to ocracoke island?


basically, to get to ocracoke island, you have three choices: ferry, boat or small private plane. if you’re traveling by vehicle, the final leg of your journey will be on one of three ferry rides: the free ferry at hatteras or the swan quarter or cedar island ferries (across the pamlico sound, which is the largest estuary in the united states). you can also catch the passenger ferry between hatteras and ocracoke.

					if you’re riding the ferries, it’s smart to bring a snack. there are no vending machines on the ferries to and from hatteras. the cedar island and swan quarter ferries have vending machines for sodas and snacks. you can certainly bring your own or purchase food at several locations along the way to hatteras. and remember to purchase food before you get to swan quarter or cedar island. alcohol consumption is not permitted on the ferries.

					if you have a boat, you can certainly stop in ocracoke and either anchor in silver lake harbor or tie up at a (paid) slip at the anchorage marina or the nps docks, although all of these slips have limited availability.

					if you have a small private plane (one or two engines), you can arrive at ocracoke’s airport in the daylight hours, although you must find your own transportation into the village. howard’s pub offers pick-up at the airport for lunch or dinner in their establishment.
					 




when’s the best time to visit ocracoke island?


well, opinions certainly vary on that point. many will claim the heart of the summer as their favorite time on ocracoke island. but many locals will tell you the spring or fall (our shoulder seasons) are ideal because there are frankly fewer tourists and the weather is still beautiful. certainly, amenities vary depending on when you visit. all businesses are open by easter weekend each year, and a few stay open all year round. because of the way ocracoke is situated geographically, the ocean is warm and swimmable from about mid-may until about mid-october. in the high season, visitors can do as much or as little as they’d like: visit shops and restaurants, go kayaking, hike in the maritime forest, learn to surf or kite surf, fish on the beach or offshore, learn about the island ecosystem, take in some local shows or hear a late-night band or simply go to the beach all day.

					while the summer season is busy on ocracoke, the pace begins to slow in the fall. some say that september and october are the most beautiful months on the island when the days are still warm and sunny. we have a full event calendar during these fall months that makes for an excellent stay. please see our annual events page.

					from november until easter some restaurants, hotels and gift shops stay open, but many businesses close for the winter. during this time, there is still plenty to do if you want to fish, kayak, shell, bicycle, bird watch or just unplug from the world. beautiful vistas of the ever-changing sea, sky and landscapes are your reward.




are there many mosquitoes on ocracoke island?


we’d love to tell you otherwise, but, yes, ocracoke island does have mosquitoes. they’re prevalent here from about late may until october. when going out at night it is advisable to arm yourself with bug spray or the new wearable bracelet options. the village does have regular nighttime mosquito spraying




can i get groceries on ocracoke island?


yes, ocracoke has a great grocery store that more than meets your needs – the variety store. while it may not have the vast selection you’re used to, it definitely has what you need for a wonderful stay.




are there public showers at ocracoke island beaches?


public showers are available at the national park service day use area (known as the lifeguard beach) outside ocracokevillage.




can i fly my drone over ocracoke island?


drones are not allowed on any national park service property, which is the entirety of ocracoke beach and the land outside the village. however, you may fly drones within ocracoke village.




is ocracoke island (and its businesses) dog friendly?


dogs are allowed in ocracoke restaurants with outdoor seating only: dajio, smacnally’s, the ocracoke oyster, ocracoke coffee co., thai moon, zillie’s and the magic bean coffee bazaar.

					pet-friendly ocracoke hotels include anchorage inn, blackbeard’s lodge, pam’s pelican b&b, silver lake motel and of course sandy paws bed & biscuit inn. dogs are allowed on the beach, but they must be leashed when not swimming in the water. beware, however, that the summer months are very hot on the beach and may be too hot for dogs. dogs may be unleashed in the village area, but a local ordinance requires that owners pick up after their dogs’ business.




i’ve heard i can drive on the beach on ocracoke island. does that require a permit?


yes, if you have the correct vehicle, you can drive on ocracoke beaches, and, yes, you need a permit, which you can get online. those without 4wd vehicles can go to the beach at the day use area (known locally as the lifeguard beach) where lifeguards are on duty daily from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. from memorial day to labor day. showers and restrooms also are available here. at the pony pen beach (in the middle of the island), there are two portable toilets but no showers. dogs on leashes are allowed on these beaches.




are there special beach walks or access points on ocracoke?


yes. those without 4wd vehicles can go to the beach at the day use area (known locally as the lifeguard beach) where lifeguards are on duty daily from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. from memorial day to labor day. showers and restrooms also are available here. at the pony pen beach (in the middle of the island), there are two portable toilets but no showers. dogs on leashes are allowed on these beaches.




can i surf at ocracoke?


surfing is great on ocracoke. visit ride the wind surf shop for surfing instruction or information.




what are rip currents like on ocracoke island beaches?


rip currents are fast-moving “rivers” of water created at sandbars that can suddenly grab even the strongest swimmers and pull them out far beyond the breaking surf. panicking and trying to swim against a rip current can lead to a fatality. swimmers and surfers are strongly encouraged to become educated on rip currents. good information is on the noaa website. also, do not hesitate to talk to the lifeguards at the lifeguard beach to learn about rip currents. it also is advisable to swim there to be under the watch of the lifeguards. read tips from island experts.




what about sharks? are those around in ocracoke waters?


sharks are part of any ocean’s ecosystem and can be present in any ocean water, which means ocracoke island is no exception. dr. stephen leatherman, aka “dr. beach,” who has designated the lifeguard beach as one of the best in the nation in for some years now, notes that sharks are not the biggest danger on the beach. rip currents are. you can learn more at leatherman’s website, drbeach.org. note that sharks live in the pamlico sound and swim in and out of the inlet near south point.




does ocracoke island have recycling services?


yes, ocracoke recycles. some rental houses and hotel rooms have separate containers for recycling, but if you really want to help, you are certainly welcome to deliver your recyclables to the ocracoke convenience site at the north end of the village. aluminum, hard plastic, paper and light cardboard boxes go in one bin, glass in another and corrugated cardboard in another of these bins.




is ocracoke island vulnerable to hurricanes?


yes, hurricanes happen on ocracoke since it is right along the atlantic coast. with weather-prediction technologies these days, we know well in advance if a hurricane is coming. the noaa site is your best source for real weather updates (not hype, as often happens on some stations). in that case, the hyde county government will issue mandatory visitor evacuations several days before a storm’s predicted arrival. lodging companies have evacuation policies to refund your fees. these should be read carefully.





 





outer banks this week podcast

listen on apple podcasts listen on spotify listen on amazon music listen on pandora listen on iheartradio listen on stitcher listen on pocket casts
listen on castbox
rss feed




outer banks articles

outer banks articles







stay safe on the outer banks

you’re here and you’re happy-go-lucky, but while... read article





 




portsmouth island history

it's deserted now, except for its ghosts and the... read article





 




extremely hype: the outer banks awaits traveling rippers

the outer banks is no stranger to the thrill-... read article





 



    view all articles  

 







    




weekly beach report

brought to you by:


the outer banks this week beach report is brought to you by:








podcast

outer banks this week with autumn & justin
102. checking in with els obx
                 
where to listen →











outer banks giveaways
there are no active giveaways at this time. please check back later.

view all giveaways





 






© 2025 oneboat, inc. dba outer banks this week. all rights reserved. | privacy policy
outer banks this week is not responsible for the content provided by third parties.
businesses & organizations
create or claim your page | submit your content
advertise with us
advertiser terms and conditions

powered by the oneboat® community content management system. by working together we achieve more than by working alone.


user login
 username *
 password *
forgot password


log in

























 








