


welcome to the university of houston coastal center! | uh coastal center
























nsm home





uh coastal center
home of the texas institute for coastal prairie research and education






toggle navigation









                      home
        



                      about us
        



                      texas institute
        



                      benefits of coastal prairie
        



                      mission
        



                      technical advisory committee
        





                      research
        



                      research activities
        



                      facilities
        



                      planned facilities
        



                      species lists & data
        



                      publications
        





                      education
        



                      habitats
        



                      coastal prairie
        



                      wetlands
        



                      plant propagation program
        



                      species lists & data
        



                      history guides habitat restoration
        





                      outreach
        



                      outreach mission
        



                      prairie practitioners forum
        



                      houston monarch story
        





                      news & events
        



                      news archive
        



                      featured videos
        



                      upcoming events
        



                      2025 prairie practitioners forum
        



                      2024 soil carbon study
        





                      contact us
        



                      giving
        












welcome to the university of houston coastal center!
the university of houston coastal center (uhcc) is designated by the texas legislature as the home of the texas institute for coastal prairie research and education and is home to a mosaic of habitats: high-quality coastal prairie, forested wetland and manmade wetlands, and coastal prairie in the process of restoration.




aumann prairie: from burn to harvest
    follow the cycle of prairie management at the uh coastal center, from prescribed burn and plant growth after the fire to the harvest of seeds for use in restoration of coastal prairies. watch the 2023 prescribed burn of the aumann prairie from a drone’s eye view.



2025 coastal prairies restoration practitioners forum location announced
more info ›
soil carbon study of remnant and restored prairies
final report available ›


uhcc is a place of activity

management of high-quality coastal prairie that acts as a gold standard for biodiversity
restoration of degraded coastal prairie and enhancement of wetlands
research benefiting from access to field sites and equipment
student education in multiple disciplines
volunteers and advisors assisting in habitat restoration and management
community outreach to understand the history of the site and develop opportunities for the future
refuge for wildlife and a living laboratory of native plant species

explore our website and learn about one of houston’s best-kept secrets: the university of houston coastal center.

featured videos





uh coastal center: aerial spraying to manage invasive species
the uh coastal center conducted aerial spraying of the invasive tallow species in fall 2022. the spraying, conducted by helicopter, targeted 100 acres of tallow as the coastal center works to restore the landscape to its native prairie landscape. the tallow, native to china, is considered a fast-growing species that can quickly spread.





uh coastal center: prescribed burn
uh coastal center staff, firefighters and volunteers burned about 100 acres of coastal prairie land in a controlled burn on february 27, 2020 at the university of houston coastal center in la marque, texas. the fire promotes biodiversity on the prairie and it also provided firefighters a unique training opportunity.





uh coastal center: seasonal plant succession
following a prescribed burn in february 2020, the uh coastal center saw a grand showing of native plants like liatris, coneflowers and rattlesnake master. uh coastal center program director evelyn merz and director steve pennings describe why the burn produced such a vibrant seasonal plant succession.


more featured videos ›




uh coastal center



texas.gov
texas homeland security
trail
fraud reporting
fraud & non-compliance hotline
linking notice
privacy notice
open records/public information act
institutional résumé
required reports
electronic & information resources accessibility
discrimination and sexual misconduct reporting and awareness
university policies

 




