
















mobile detail guys  727-375-4279







































































mobile detail guys  727-375-4279



mobile detail for tampa bay, mobile car wash, auto detailing- 33618 and nearby westchase, carrollwood, tampa, van dyke, gunn highway, northdale everyone else are copy cats.  the largest mobile detailer, the first mobile detailer, the best mobile detailer
we invented this mobile detailing concept

























































































sunday, february 02, 2014








valentines day gift certificate time





of course check out the reasons to chose mobile car care over anyone else but don't forget the happy valentines gift certificates.... a great gift that keeps on giving 







posted by



bill swisher




at

3:11 am



no comments:
  





























thursday, june 07, 2012








727-379-4279 reasons to choose mobile detail guys over anyone.






727-375-4279

reasons to allow mobile car care to detail your car over anyone 



1.  we invented this mobile detailing
concept 21 years ago. no one did this before us.



2.  we are the leader in this business
with 500 franchises in the us
and adding 120 more to the west coast of florida.
from tampa bay to pasco
county and to pinellas
county.



3.  we have better prices with our 20
month warranty. our inexpensive follow up washes keeps your car perfect for 18
months without charging for yet another detail. and we rewax your car for free
each wash... no one else does this.



4.  we are not fly by night detailers
who come and go in this business. we don’t arrive with hats backwards or
tattoos and look homeless. we have been in business 21 years and expanding to
more franchises everyday. oh and thanks to the incompetence and unprofessional
copy cats, they are actually helping our business. and dont forget, these clowns call me pretending they are customers. so if they act like the want to warranty like i do, they cant, because they come and go and have inferior products.



5.  many customers want their car
detailed so they can turn in the lease, or sell it. we will promise to
"assign” the warranty to the new car if it is in new condition. so you get
2 details for price of one. you don’t have to buy a new detail on the new car.
no copy cat will do that. 




5.  we background check out franchise
owners and operators who detail your car. of the 500 franchises, over 2000 have
been refused a franchise for various reasons



6.  did i say we have the best
products that you can’t buy? we make those products for use on million dollar
private jets and airliners and its wax that matches your car's paint. the
product is over kill for your car. copy cats use wal-mart like products they
buy at stores or suppliers that lack in quality, oh and if a car dealer says
they have the same product… they are lying as usual.



7.  we work saturday and sunday to
accommodate hours best for you. and with daylight savings time we work well
past 6 to 7pm.



8.  if your head lights are dull and
fogged over, we will fix that for free as part of the detail. others
charge $30 or more for that service.



9.  ask the copy cat mobile
detailers for their business licenses. odds are they don’t have one. and beware
of those with no vehicle signage. if they don’t have either, don’t hire them.



10.  to compensate for gas prices
increase, we offer discounts and gas cards.



11. . and make sure copy cats are really mobile. asking you to use your
water and electric is not mobile.



12. and, my pet peeve… what ever you do, do not believe the new car dealers
who try to sell you a miracle paint protection add on. check your bill and
contract…they will use fancy names… and include them in things you don’t need.  it is a rip off !!!!!  they use to make more money from you. some use
the name xelon, or whatever the name, it’s a pure scam and lie. let us know who
does this so we can warn consumers. tell them not to charge you this. if they
say it’s already done, tell them not to charge you. they are lying to you. one
of my customers was charged $999 by these scammers. i am in talks with the
states attorney general to go after them for fraud. and yeah, i am angry that
people fall for this.  


and like us on http://www.facebook.com/cardealerscamalert
to report them



13 like us on facebook page so you can get other discounts time to time.
link to right column of blog.   















posted by



bill swisher




at

2:51 am



no comments:
  





























saturday, january 10, 2009







mobile car care and mobile detail guys expanding to tampa- new port richey, florida





727-846-3551  is the office number for the new new port richey and tampa office. over an additional 100 franchises will be sold in 2012





posted by



bill swisher




at

2:46 pm



no comments:
  





























thursday, october 26, 2006








mobile car care ceo bill swisher announces expansion





http://mobilecarcare.blogspot.com/
we started the true mobile concept long before anyone else.









 







posted by



bill swisher




at

2:19 am



no comments:
  






























home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)
















mobile detail guys



mobile car care



about me





bill swisher


home office: 
swisherco.com...........
communicate with email
 swisherco@gmail.com 805-744-2888

swisherjobs@gmail.com to send resumes if interested in career.. we dont take cold calls.
or
mccceo@gmail.com (for the mobile car care franchises) 727-375-4279

view my complete profile



links


swisher co.com
mobile car care
google news












































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























