



 casa myrna
















































click here to access our covid-19 resources






casa myrna










contact us























about us
get support
get educated
get involved
survivors
events
news
partners
  donate






quick exit




we believe...
learn more about us

















about us
casa myrna is boston’s largest provider of shelter and supportive services to survivors of domestic violence, providing safety, resources, advocacy and information since 1977. we operate safelink, the statewide domestic violence hotline, and promote domestic and dating violence prevention through awareness and education. all of our supports are provided to survivors free of charge. we support survivors of any race, ethnicity, language, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, disability, age, and sexual orientation.
learn more about us and our services.
learn more



our mission
casa myrna delivers solutions to end domestic and dating violence through intervention, awareness, and prevention.
learn more











may
15



save the date for our 16th annual community of conscience event! join us on thursday, may 15 at city winery boston and enjoy a silent auction, mingling, and community gathering. tickets will be on sale soon.
learn more






we’re thrilled to announce the launch of casa myrna’s new web store! shop t-shirts, sweaters, tote bags, and more to show your support for survivors!
learn more








residential services




supportive services




education & outreach




public awareness



















rajida
survivor spotlight
content warning: contains emotional and physical abuse when i left my mother’s house at 19 years old due to our strained relationship, i never expected to experience dating violence. but that’s what happened when i moved in with a friend... view article
read more
see all









we believe that every relationship should be safe and healthy. what do you believe?


leave this field empty if you're human: 









 
 

 
 





© copyright 2016. casa myrna.



click here to chat













