






hickory nut falls family campground – i’m a camping nut








































 









skip to content













menu


history
campsites

site rates
campground map


gallery
contact us

call
message us
faqs


book online
 




















menu


history
campsites

site rates
campground map


gallery
contact us

call
message us
faqs


book online
 






















welc0me campers!come enjoy everything chimney rock, nc & lake lure have to offer. we have sites for rv’s, tents, and even a couple cabins for the glampers out there. we’ll turn you into a camping nut in no time!


book online


 




















a family adventure f0r every0ne














for over 50 years our campground has been dedicated to helping families experience the chimney rock and the lake lure area! with 70 rv sites, 13 tent sites, and 2 cabins, we can comfortably accommodate any group of vacationers. hickory nut falls family campground is located off highway 64-74 across the broad river. all the campsites are tucked in the beautiful chimney rock forest and all of them have breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains and the broad river.
come experience everything chimney rock, nc has to offer from boating, tubing, and fishing to hiking historic landscape, there isn’t a shortage of activities while you stay with us. give us a call and become a camping nut, you’ll be glad you did!




















view campsites and amenities


















tent sites


 



















log cabins


 



















rv sites


 



















amenities


 











































family fun is never t00 far away!







mobile directions



























f0ll0w us 0n instagram!













online booking now open on campspot. link can be f






instagram post 17976545318036193


 





we love our happy camping family and appreciate yo






such a pretty day at the river (even with some rai


 


 





 view instagram





































sign up f0r 0ur newsletter













newsletter sign up







email
        *






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



submit









































 
our sitescontact usbook online





















phone: (828) 625-4014
639 main st, chimney rock, nc 28720









 










© 2020 hickory nut falls family campground   |   this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.  |  site built by wink marketing 









-campgr0und cl0sed-
hello campers,
due to the historic and devastating flooding that has occurred in chimney rock, lake lure, and the surrounding areas, the hickory nut falls family campground is closed until further notice. we will be posting updates on our facebook and instagram when we have cell signal. for those that have helped us we thank you for your support, and for those that want to help, you can donate to our gofundme. 

donate now


refund requests
for those requesting a refund, please grant us your patience. we will gladly give refunds as soon as we can. please understand that we lost our entire office. our checkbooks, our registers, our account information, our documents, our inventory, our money, our data, our records, our personal belongings, it’s all gone. we will process refunds as we can.










































