

























eleanor and lou gehrig als center


















 
skip to content






columbia university irving medical center

 















eleanor and lou gehrig als center in the department of neurology







contact us
make a gift
search












about us
patient care
research
locations
appointments































  


telehealth visits available 
due to covid-19 precautions, video visits using epic & zoom are available for new and existing patie


   telehealth visits available     


expertise you can trust  


   expertise you can trust      


groundbreaking als research 


   groundbreaking als research  





 




 





patients
what is als?new patient informationclinical servicessupport groupsinternational patients online resources



faculty and staff
our teamjoin our team
contactlocations	



research
clinical trials

 








call  212-305-6788 for an appointment or referral 212-305-6788 




 





      upcoming events    


there are currently no upcoming events.




    view all events  



 





      news    


  


wings over wall street honors dr. neil shneider with diamond award


august 7, 2019


 wings over wall street gala for the mda research program on als honored dr. shneider with the diamond award. in recognition of his scientific leadership and dedication to the eradication of als. 










 


today show interview with dr. neil shneider 



      source:    
today show


july 8, 2019


see dr. shneider's interview with today show reflecting on the efforts to find a cure and treatments through the continued work of our team at the columbia eleanor & lou gehrig als center. 




 


the als association launches project revoice



january 5, 2019


project revoice aims to help those living with als with recording and recreating their natural voices for future use.




 


eleanor and lou gehrig center opens new location in tarrytown, ny



march 2, 2018


we are excited to announce the opening of a new office location at columbia doctors located at 155 white plains rd, tarrytown, ny 10591.




 


    view all news  



 













message from the director



welcome to the als center



the eleanor and lou gehrig als center at columbia university provides comprehensive care, education, and support for patients and families living with als.










message from the director 




 








support the eleanor and lou gehrig als center
your gift will help fund clinical, education, and research efforts on behalf of all patients with als  make a gift make a gift 




 








what is als?
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als) is known as lou gehrig’s disease in the united states, named after the yankee great who attended columbia college from 1921 to 1923.  learn more learn more 




 













columbia university irving medical center


newyork-presbyterian


columbiadoctors








about us
locations
make a gift
patient care
research






columbia university irving medical center


eleanor and lou gehrig als center
710 west 168th street
new york, ny 10032
united states 







      follow us    

facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin










© 2025 columbia university
privacy policy
terms and conditions
hipaa
general information: 212-305-2862






 back to top




