



















































































obstetrics and gynecology (ob/gyn) residency training program | obstetrics & gynecology | stanford medicine













skip to content


stanford medicine


obstetrics & gynecology




site nav


menu




advancing and transforming health



see us on instagram





see us on twitter








obstetrics & gynecology





stanford medicine
explore stanford medicine


health care 




find a doctor
adult-care doctor
pediatrician or pediatric specialist
obstetrician
clinics & services
adult care
pediatric care
obstetrics
clinical trials



locations
stanford health care
stanford children's health
emergency department
dial 911 in the event of a medical emergency




explore health care
learn how we are healing patients through science & compassion 


 back




research 



basic science departments
clinical science departments
institutes
research centers
see full directory
research resources
research administration
academic profiles
clinical trials
funding opportunities
see all
professional training
postdoctoral scholars
clinical research fellows



research news

neuroscientist michelle monje awarded macarthur 'genius grant' 




explore research
learn how we are fueling innovation 


 back




education 



md program
pa programs
phd programs
masters programs
continuing medical education
postdoctoral scholars
residencies & fellowships
high school & undergraduate programs
see all
education resources
academic profiles
school administration
basic science departments
clinical science departments
alumni services
faculty resources
diversity programs
lane library
student resources



education news

alice l. walton school of medicine and stanford medicine host ai conference on community health 




explore education 
learn how we empower tomorrow's leaders 


 back




give 




support stanford medicine



support teaching, research, and patient care.  
ways to give
why giving matters
make a gift online



support children's health




support lucile packard children's hospital stanford and child and maternal health 
ways to give
how your gift helps
make an online gift


 back




about 



about us
news
contacts
maps & directions
leadership
vision
diversity
global health
community engagement
events
how you can help


stanford school of medicine
stanford health care
stanford children's health

 back




site search

 close menu






 close menu




































































	    
	    residency training program
	    
    








our vision
our vision is to train and mentor the future local and global leaders, advancing and transforming women’s health across the lifespan.
our residency mission
the mission of the stanford obgyn residency program is to train competent, compassionate and inquisitive obstetrician-gynecologists that will become leaders in clinical care, education and research in ob/gyn and its subspecialties.






apply today!
















	    
	    letter from residency team
	    
    




the stanford ob/gyn residency program is an academically driven community characterized by clinical excellence, intellectual curiosity, and collegial resilience. our residency program supports and affirms the identities, backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of all our residents to promote equity, strengthen relationships, and cultivate community.
our clinical training is founded on the care of a diverse patient population and includes immersion in the traditional subspecialties of maternal-fetal medicine, gynecology oncology, reproductive endocrinology & infertility, urogynecology, family planning, and pediatric & adolescent gynecology. training is further enhanced by a robust, longitudinal simulation experience as well as participation in our gender and lgbtq+ programs.
we complement our clinical training with access to a wealth of academic opportunities on the stanford campus. research and mentorship are available in all sub-specialties as well as collaboratively with departments across stanford. we offer protected research time and multiple selectives that you can tailor to your career interests, as well as access to unique opportunities like the longitudinal stanford medicine lead program. after residency, about half of our residents pursue subspecialty training, both in traditional fellowships as well as less common pathways such as clinical informatics. the other half of our graduates pursue generalist practice and are well prepared for the full range of practice opportunities including private, community, and academic settings. 
we are vested in the wellness and growth of our trainees. we emphasize compassionate care and resilience in medicine, have protected time for teaching and wellness, and nurture our trainees to thrive as leaders. you will find our residents advocating for policy changes at the state and national level while embodying those values locally in the care of our patients. while our residents come from diverse backgrounds and experiences, we continually seek to grow the breadth of our community through the inclusion of members from wide ranging backgrounds, experiences, and with broad reaching career aspirations. we seek residents passionate about providing impeccable patient care and possessing an intellectual drive for the advancement of women’s health. 
we look forward to meeting you and learning how you will complement our program!  
amy judy and justin junn


























leslee l.subak, md


          
            
            
              department chair and katharine dexter mccormick and stanley mccormick memorial professor
            
            
          
        













kate shaw, md ms


          
            
            
              associate chair of education
            
            
          
        















          
            
            gloria king
          
        

          
            
            
            
              residency program manager
            
          
        





















amy judy, md mph


          
            
            
              program director
            
            
          
        













justin hyuck-jin junn, md, mba


          
            
            
              associate program director
            
            
          
        





















                          
                            teaching faculty
                            
                          
                          
                        








	    
	    teaching faculty
	    
    











leslee l.subak, md


          
            
            
            
              katharine dexter mccormick and stanley mccormick memorial professor and professor, by courtesy, of urology

            
          
        
bio

            dr. subak is a board-certified gynecologist in the gynecology clinic at stanford health care. she is fellowship trained in urogynecology and pelvic surgery. dr. subak is chair of the department of obstetrics and gynecology at stanford university school of medicine. she is also a katharine dexter mccormick and stanley mccormick memorial professor, professor of obstetrics and gynecology and, by courtesy, of urology. 

her clinical interests include female pelvic medicine, general gynecology, and lgbtq+ health. dr. subak is the founding director of the lgbtq+ health program at stanford health care. she is committed to providing compassionate and affirming care to people of all gender identities and sexual orientations.

dr. subak is an award-winning researcher who has conducted extensive studies on female reproductive health and urologic function. her primary research focus is identifying interventions to reduce urinary incontinence in females. her research group pioneered studies of weight loss as a treatment for incontinence. the research group also investigates novel interventions for female incontinence, such as slow-paced breathing, yoga, and mobile health apps.

dr. subak has published more than 100 articles in prestigious peer-reviewed journals. most of these articles focus on urinary incontinence, the association between weight and urinary incontinence, and new treatments for urinary incontinence. her research has appeared in journals such as the american journal of obstetrics and gynecology, jama internal medicine, the journal of urology, and the new england journal of medicine. she also wrote book chapters on several topics, including the economics of urinary incontinence. 

she is a member of the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists (acog), the association of professors of gynecology & obstetrics (apgo), the american urogynecologic society (augs), the council of university chairs of obstetrics and gynecology (cucog), and the international continence society (ics). dr. subak has served on many committees focused on incontinence at augs, the national institutes of health (nih), and the international consultation on incontinence (ici), which is sponsored by the world health organization (who) and the ics.
        







	    
	    division of gynecology & gynecologic specialties
	    
    





	    
	    gynecology
	    
    









diana atashroo, md
^stephanie cizek, md
justin junn, md, mba
michelle khan, md, mph
^olga kciuk, md
deirdre lum, md
juno obedin-maliver, md









kathryn sanserino, md
rachel chan seay, md
leslee subak, md
^nichole tyson, md 
john wachtel, md
ruth yemane, md











	    
	    complex family planning specialty
	    
    









stephanie amaya, md
paul blumenthal, md, mph
erica cahill, md - fellowship associate director
andrea henkel, md
michele hugin, md
kate shaw, md, ms - chief and fellowship director
jade shorter, md, mph
amy voedisch, md, ms








family planning fellows

jayne caron, md
simranvir kaur, md
amythis soltani, md
 











	    
	    female pelvic medicine & reconstructive surgery/urogynecology 
	    
    









bertha chen, md 
eric sokol, md
lisa rogo-gupta, md            
kavita mishra, md








urogyn fellows

kelsey gallo, md
rachel hannah kopkin, md











	    
	    division of gynecologic oncology
	    
    









stephanie chow, md
oliver dorigo, md, phd - chief 
talayeh ghezelayagh, md
amer karam, md
babak litkouhi, md - fellowship director
emily clair mcclung, md
erinn rankin, phd
valerie sugiyama, md








gynonc fellows

elizabeth "evie" adams, md
simone sasse, md, mphil
sahana somasegar, md 
 











	    
	    division of reproductive endocrinology & infertility
	    
    









lusine aghajanova, md

ruben alvero, md - chief
brindha bavan, md
ruth lathi, md - fellowship director
amin milki, md
brent monseur, md, scm
steven nakajima, md
liesl nel-theemat, phd, hcld, mba
anna sokalska, md, phd
bo yu, md








rei fellows

anthony bui, md, mscr
esther chung, md
arian khorshid, md 
mackenzie naert, md, mscr
anu rambhatla, md

greysha rivera-cruz, md











	    
	    division of maternal-fetal medicine and obstetrics
	    
    









natali aziz, md

katherine bianco, md

yair blumenfeld, md
mark boddy, md
jane chueh, md
charlotte conturie, md
maurice druzin, md 
*deirdre lyell, md - associate chief
yasser el-sayed, md - chief and vice chair of ob/gyn
luis garcia, md
ronald gibbs, md
tiffany herrero, md - fellowship associate director

iro igbinosa, md
amy judy, md, mph
scarlett karakash, md
stephanie leonard, phd
elliot main, md 
kathleen minor, md 
danielle panelli, md 
christina pinnock, md
priya prasad, md
martha rode, md
meryl sperling, md
sanaa suharwardy, md
anne waldrop, md 
erica wu, md - fellowship director








mfm fellows

nicola perlman, md 
noor joudi, md 
cecilia bonaduce leggett, md 
xixi du plummer, md, phd

kelly darmawan, md
alexandra gallagher, md











	    
	    general obstetrics
	    
    









sylvie blumstein, md 
caroline bowker, md
laura brodzinsky, md
susan crowe, md
 









kay daniels, md
cynthia detata, md
jeffrey faig, md 
joanne nino, do











	    
	    midwifery care
	    
    









colleen moreno, dnp, aprn, cnm
lynn chiarello, cnm















	    
	    division of reproductive, stem cell and perinatal biology
	    
    









virginia d. winn, md, phd
roger pedersen, phd
vittorio sebastiano, phd

 
 
 
^pediatric and adolescent gynecology



































obstetrics & gynecology

 faculty & stafffacultyjob openings educationresidencyhow to applyrotationsacademicsresident rosterfrequently asked questions (faq)fellowshipclerkshipadvanced clerkships divisions, centers & consortiumsgynecology & gynecologic specialtiesfaculty & stafffellowshipsresearchcontact and appointment informationgynecologic oncologyfaculty & stafffellowship				        researchcontact & appointment informationmaternal-fetal medicine & obstetricsfaculty & stafffellowshipresearcheducationdisaster planning for obstetrical servicescontact and appointment informationreproductive endocrinology and infertilityfaculty & stafffellowshipdiagnostics & laboratory servicesresearchcontact & appointment informationreproductive, stem cell and perinatal biologyfaculty & staffdunlevie maternal-fetal medicine centercooperative ovarian cancer group (cogi) patient care researchobstetrics and gynecology clinical research unit programswomen’s reproductive health research (k12) at stanford programprogram leadershipprogram design and requirementsob/gyn mentorship and coaching program in the newsnew-rei-chief-2025roger-pedersen-obituary-2025 global outreach diversitycommittee members milestones contact usdirections support us








follow us on instagram












why stanford?

jaclyn estes, md, explains "for me it was all about the people. i wanted to train at a program where i felt supported and could build life long relationships."
view additional testimonials







show back





dr. estes elaborates "almost everyone in the program showed up to the delivery of my second child (not to mention taking care of me during the pregnancy!) and they have already become some of my closest friends. i'm looking forward to continuing to build these bonds over the next 3 years."
view additional testimonials




show front


















obstetrics & gynecology


stanford medicine
news
careers
contact


health care
stanford health care
stanford children's health



stanford school of medicine

about
contact
maps & directions
careers


basic science departments
clinical science departments
academic programs
vision







 find people


 visit stanford


 search clinical trials


 give a gift






©2025 stanford university



privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility



see us on facebook




see us on x (twitter)











stanford university


stanford school of medicine


stanford health care


stanford children's health


stanford health care tri-valley


stanford medicine partners










