








open source software implementation and development






































































what we do







open-source implementation




programming and software development




software analysis




seo optimization




internet services




woocommerce eshop for wordpress









products




references




about us




career




support







support tutorial




support forum




faqs









contact




e-shop









		en

		cz







login




hledání










search ...    
















magento (adobe) e-commerce

    the best solution for your e-shop  



magento is a feature-rich, professional open-source ecommerce solution that offers merchants complete flexibility and control over the look, content, and functionality of their online store. magento’s intuitive administration interface contains powerful marketing, search engine optimization and catalog-management tools to give merchants the power to create sites that are tailored to their unique business needs.
more details 





our services






software development



we are specialized in implementation of open-source projects for individual customers including development of extensions for these systems, and custom development and programming.



 





custom e-commerce solution



the complex services in magento e-shop implementation. we do all types of implementation including template design and deliveries, custom magento coding and enhancements as well as programming of magento e-commerce add-on modules.



 
 




website design & development



joomla website development, full portfolio of web-related services, such as consultations, web-design, web development, web-hosting, site maintenance, seo and on-line site marketing or regular security updates.



 





html optimization & seo services



we can help you optimize your site for selected keywords and gain a competitive advance. get an advance and place among first in search engines.



 
 




open-source consulting and training



thanks to our long term experience we can offer you consultation services in open-source software development and utilization and professional training for your employees or technical support.



 





other internet services



we offer services like webhosting, e-mail solutions with spam-protection, serverhosting, virtual-servers and related services (administration, monitoring, backups, etc.).



 













featured products


    know our products already?
continue to e-shop directly.  

e-shop 




qr code payments for vm invoice


29.90 €

plugin for vm invoice
automatically generates qr codes for your invoices
easy for your customers to pay with a quick scan

more details
buy 


 



vm invoice


34.90 €

automatically generates invoices for your e-shop virtuemart
complete and reliable solution for the management of your invoices

more details
buy 


 



joomsef


from 26 €

seo tool for improving joomla sef urls
automatic metadata generation
easy to use

more details
buy 


 



book it!


from 49 €

reservation and booking system
easy bookable items organization
support popular payment methods

more details
buy 


 

















aws summit warsaw hold in poland at the end of may and we were there. during this one-day event, we have learned about the aws platform through breakout sessions that cover a wide range of topics from new services and architecture to performance and operations. also the opening keynote by glenn gore, chief architect, aws. was beneficial.
- aws summit warsaw





we have created a new web presentation for very well known gymnasium and primary school porg. the project has been developed in joomla! cms and includes graphic design, implementation open source content management system and adjustment html layout to be compatible for mobile devices as well.
- porg





we have created an e-shop silvego jewellery for a customer selling jewellery online. e-shop customers can create their own account, place an order  and follow the order on-line.  the site is using ordering and invoicing system and on-line payment. 
- silvego, s.r.o.











thank you! your message was successfully sent.
sorry, something has failed. please try again.
please enter the right answer c







 


send
reset












javascript must be enabled in order for you to use google maps. however, it seems javascript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. to view google maps, enable javascript by changing your browser options, and then try again.



prokopa velikého 606/32, 703 00 ostrava - vítkovice

+420 552 301 235
+420 604 703 162

 









 



software development
magento development
joomla implementation
wordpress plugins
partnership programme
openbravo
sms gateway
 


artio
© 2025 






 



