



great lakes coatings | star asphalt sealer | asphalt coating | star aviator | star-seal | pavement sealer | midwest | great lakes

























                  
                







                  
                

























                  
                





















           
         




        
      




           
         













           
         




        
      




           
         













           
         





great lakes coatings has been 
         supplying the pavement maintenance industry since 1981. we have been manufacturing 
         and distributing the highest quality products in the industry.
        

our service is unsurpassed by any 
         other company in the industry. we own our trucks, tankers and trailers to deliver 
         products when you need them! we have spot tankers for large jobs and do our best 
         to completely satisfy our customers.
        

we provide training for the beginners 
         and new ideas for the professionals. we manufacture s.t.a.r. seal, s.t.a.r. seal supreme, 
         s.t.a.r. triton and s.t.a.r. aviator for faa products and asphalt based s.t.a.r. micro pave. we also stock 
         all of s.t.a.r. additives, paints, specialty coatings and laykold sports surfacing products
         and right pointe specialty products.
        

you may contact us monday - friday from 
         8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. and on saturday from 8:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m., sunday 
         by appointment at 1-800-545-7941 or you may stop in at 1240 s. crystal avenue, benton 
         harbor, mi 49022.
        










           
         













           
         




        
      




           
         













           
         




 

         copyright © 2017 • great lakes coatings | star seal | asphalt sealing •  
        genesis web design
          • 
        designer@genesiswebd.com
 





           
         








