






newton physics - links to papers, books and web sites




newton physics

© paul marmet (1932-2005) 

( last checked 2024/12/27 - the estate of paul marmet
        ) 

                in the web pages below, we present explanations
              which are compatible with newtonian and semi-classical
              physics.  we apply the principle of causality and
              avoid models requiring a probabilistic existence of matter
              and non-locality.  this differs from the current
              approach of modern physics.



 a usb stick of the original
          website is available.




index of papers, books and relevant links



    1-   an
















        open letter to the scientific community
      published in new
















      scientist, may 22, 2004.

    2-  enlargement of the
        earth's shadow on the moon: an optical illusion
      "crater timing" has been used during lunar eclipses to
    determine the size of the earth's shadow.  it is generally
    believed that the earth's atmosphere is responsible for an apparent
    enlargement.  however, refraction by the earth atmosphere would
    make a much smaller shadow on the moon.  it is shown that this
    is an optical illusion.  it has been  reproduced in a
    laboratory and observed by several independent observers.

    3-   a new non-doppler redshift
      semi-classical physics can explain a slightly inelastic
    collision of photons due to traces of hydrogen in outer space. 
    these inelastic collisions are responsible for an observed redshift
    which is undistinguishable from the cosmological redshift. 
    numerous observations give strong supporting evidence for that
    previously ignored natural phenomenon.

    4-   big bang cosmology meets
        an astronomical death
      more and more astronomical evidence points to inconsistencies
    in the big bang theory.  a canadian physicist presents this
    evidence and explains how the cosmic redshift is caused by gaseous
    matter in space, not by the doppler effect.

    5-   the origin of the 3 k
        radiation
      it is shown that the 3 k radiation received from outer space
    is simply the natural planck radiation emitted by the well known
    dust and gaseous interstellar gases at 3 k.

    6-   non-doppler redshift of
        some galactic objects
      redshift observations reported in several galactic objects
    like binary stars, star clusters, and the k effect are compared with
    the predicted non-doppler redshift caused by the inelastic
    transmission of photons in rarefied interstellar gases (due to the
    mechanism explained above in paper 3).  it is found that the
    observations are compatible with the predicted redshift caused by a
    gas around and between stars.  this mechanism has important
    consequences in cosmology.

    7-   redshift of spectral
        lines in the sun's chromosphere
      a center-to-limb variation of solar wavelengths has been
    known for 75 years but has remained unexplained until now.  a
    theory considered in this paper can explain this variation and also
    predict its amplitude without the need of any adjustable parameter.

    8-   cosmic matter and the
        nonexpanding universe
      an increasingly large number of recent observations
    consistently reveals the existence of a much larger amount of
    intergalactic matter than known a few years ago.  that
    intergalactic gas appears to be responsible for the observed
    redshift.  this result lead to a nonexpanding cosmological
    universe.

    9-   the 3 k microwave
        background and olbers' paradox
      olbers' paradox has a clear solution when we realize that the
    interstellar matter (dust and gases) is at 3 k.  if our eyes
    could detect that 3 k radiation, the night sky will then be quite
    bright.  there is no paradox when we observe the sky at the
    correct wavelength.

    10-  the cosmological constant
        and the redshift of quasars
      we explain the reason why quasars appear to be unusual
    objects with large redshifts while being physically much closer to
    us than usually claimed.  we explain why the redshift
    compatible with the luminosity distance relationship observed in
    galaxies is not observed in quasars.

    11-  new study of the
        anomalous acceleration of pioneer 10 and 11
      a previous analysis of radio doppler and ranging data from
    distant pioneer 10 and 11 spacecrafts indicated an apparent
    anomalous gravitational acceleration.  several hypotheses
    involving new physics have been proposed.  we propose here that
    the additional acceleration in the direction of the sun is due to
    the presence of dust in the kuiper belt.

    12-  quantum mechanics and
        its paradox: a realistic solution to mermin's epr apparatus
      a gedanken experiment by mermin claims the impossibility of
    giving a realistic interpretation to his experiment.  this
    paper gives a description of how mermin's enigma can be solved
    classically.  (note: after publication of this paper, an
    experiment was performed with a detection efficiency near unity,
    thus eliminating the 'detection efficiency' loophole.  this
    paper no longer offers a realistic solution to violations of bell's
    inequality.
      see: m.a. rowe et al., "experimental violation of a
    bell's inequality with efficient detection", nature 409, p. 791,
    2001.  the estate of paul marmet)


    13-  international meeting
        "galileo", bologna, 1999
      photos taken during the meeting.


    14-  einstein's theory of
        relativity versus classical mechanics   
(a hard copy of this
          book is available.)
      this book demonstrates that using classical physics and
    galilean coordinates, one can derive the observed phenomena
    attributed to relativity.einstein's relativity.

    15-  fundamental nature of
        relativistic mass and magnetic fields
      einstein's does not give any physical model explaining the
    fundamental nature of the increase of mass at relativistic
    velocities.  we demonstrate that for the electron, this is due
    to magnetic energy increase as calculated by the biot-savart
    equation.  in fact, we can calculate the relativistic parameter
    g, using electromagnetic theory. 
    this leads to a physical description of the  internal structure
    of the electron compatible with the de broglie equation.  we
    conclude with a realistic description of photons which solves the
    wave-particle paradox.

    16-  the gps and the
          constant velocity of light
      when we move away at the speed v from a source emitting light
    at the speed c, the relative motion is detectable using the doppler
    effect.  how can we explain logically that these photons appear
    to reach us at velocity c and not (c-v)?  a rational
    explanation is given in this paper using newtonian physics.

    17-  a detailed classical
        description of the advance of the perihelion of mercury
      gives a detailed and complete demonstration of an equation
    for the advance of the perihelion of mercury, which is identical to
    einstein's equation.  this is based on newton's physics as
    explained in the book "einstein's theory of relativity versus
      classical mechanics".  classical physics provides a very
    simple explanation for the advance of the perihelion of mercury.

18-  natural length
        contraction mechanism due to kinetic energy. 
      this paper gives a realistic description of the physical
    mechanism responsible for length contraction and the change of clock
    rate when masses move at high velocities.  this description is
    a natural consequence of the principle of mass-energy conservation
    and classical mechanics without the esoteric principles of
    einstein's relativity.

    19-  natural physical length
        contraction due to gravity
      this paper demonstrates how quantum mechanics solves all the
    problems previously attributed to relativity, when atoms acquire
    gravitational energy.  using mass-energy conservation, this
    paper presents the fundamental explanation of  the "advance of
    the perihelion of mercury" and the "pound and rebka" experiment.


    20-  opinion
      opinion on cosmology. by arturo sangalli.

    21-  usb stick containing all
        the pages of the original newton physics website
      about 75 html pages.



    read copyright notice
a usb flash drive containing all the pages of the
          original website (about 75 html pages) is available. 

    link to information about the author

paul marmet (1932-2005)
        b. sc., ph. d. (physics), laval university 
        o. c. (order of canada) 
        f. r. s. c. 
        author of more than 100 papers in the field of electron
        spectroscopy. 
        professor, physics, laval university, québec, canada: 1962-83,
        senior research officer, national research council of canada:
        1983-90,
        visiting, adjunct, professor, university of ottawa, 1990-99.




