




































planning, design and construction
 
















skip to main content






planning design construction









planning design construction





about us

our staff
our promise
org chart
recognitions
resources


projects

request a project
selection notices
current projects
forms & standards


campus planning

campus planning
campus master plan
committees
historic preservation
strategic development plan


sustainability

uf green building goals
green building principles
sustainability resources
uf green building case studies
architecture 2030


interiors
 

uf home
directory
 
quick links

request a project
selection notices
forms & standards
document request
autodesk construction cloud/bim 360
 















 
search uf












 search uf

submit






























2024 cornhole tournament
our tournament has been rescheduled for 02/28/25.  registration is now open!

view 



















campus closures view campus closures map here
campus planning


selection notices read more
project management






1955



acres on main campus





525



current projects







campus planning includes balancing development with environmental preservation, infrastructure needs, intergovernmental coordination and neighborhood/community partnerships. this collaborative effort brings together stakeholders to help shape the future of the university of florida campus.
read more

campus planning





we manage all major capital construction projects for all units of the university and all minor renovation projects on behalf of education and general (e&g) and health science center (hsc). working closely with the board of education office of facilities planning and with local user groups, it is our job to assure that the best possible project is delivered in terms of function, quality, maintainability, and energy & water efficiency.
read more

project management












submit a project request
whether you need a new electrical outlet or a major capital project, our staff will evaluate your service request and determine how to best meet your needs.

submit now 












lake alice watershed management plan
about the project
the lake alice watershed management plan project is an initiative to develop a comprehensive watershed management plan (wmp) that includes the waterbodies and stormwater infrastructure within its boundaries. the wmp will establish benchmarks and metrics, improve stormwater conveyance, enhance water quality and define operational processes. click here to learn more
lawmp





lake alice watershed management plan
the lake alice watershed
the lake alice watershed is a closed basin that encompasses approximately 1,106 acres. included in the lake alice watershed is lake alice, which is the receiving body of a majority of the main campus’s stormwater and is permitted as the watershed’s retention pond. the watershed is highly developed with approximately 46% of the campus being covered by impervious surfaces.
about





lake alice watershed management plan
the plan
the draft lake alice watershed management plan was completed in april 2024.

click here to review the draft plan.
review


lake alice watershed management planabout the projectthe lake alice watershed management plan project is an initiative to develop a comprehensive watershed management plan (wmp) that includes the waterbodies and stormwater infrastructure within its boundaries. the wmp will establish benchmarks and metrics, improve stormwater conveyance, enhance water quality and define operational processes. click here to learn morelawmp 









follow us on instagram












ufpdc








season's greetings from pd&c


 





instagram under construction…🚧






pdc is honored to help support the recent jonathan


 





on nov. 13th, come out to this community workshop 






a tip of the hat to @uffacilitiesservices for putt


 





originally, peabody hall was constructed in 1913 a


 


 


load more...






 follow on instagram


























university of florida

facebook
twitter
 instagram




planning, design & construction
university of florida
245 gale lemerand
po box 115050
gainesville, fl 32611-5050
352.273.4000
pdc@admin.ufl.edu








quick links 

 selection notices
 current projects
 forms & standards
 committees
 staff
 gis portal
 document request
 bim360 login
 acc login



resources 

 business affairs
technical services
 campus map
 uf stars
 sharepoint
 project tracker
 st. augustine
 acc/bim 360 support




















