


welcome to frankel and associates, incorporated






frankel and associates, incorporated



      last modified april 2, 2021 at 3:17 pm
    



  you have reached frankel and associates, incorporated -- a computer
  systems consulting company.  if you need further information on the
  company, please send e-mail to
  dr. james l. frankel.
  

  click here to reach the federal
  aviation administration.
  

  for information on dr. frankel's teaching at
  harvard university in the
  faculty of arts and
  sciences and at
  the extension school,
  please see the following sites:
  csci
  e-92 (formerly csci e-251): principles of
  operating
  systems, csci
  e-93 (formerly csci e-287): computer
  architecture, csci
  e-95 (formerly csci e-295): compiler design
  and implementation,
  csci e-50b:
  introduction to computer programming using java, ii, and
   cs 146: computer
  architecture.  please send e-mail to dr. james l. frankel's
  harvard e-mail address for matters regarding harvard university
  responsibilities.
  

  dr. frankel was the chief technology officer
  at incentive
  targeting.  the company developed a web application that allows
  behaviorally-targeted promotional campaigns to be created and
  managed, and provides powerful analytics to measure the success of
  those campaigns.  incentive targeting was acquired by google.
  

  in addition, recently dr. frankel has consulted at mitsubishi electric research
  laboratories in the merl cambridge research
  lab.  a couple of his recent projects were creating tangible building
  blocks for three-dimensional modeling and designing and
  programming combadge: a
  voice-operated communications device.  other clients frankel and
  associates has consulted for include auripay, inc. (now part of the
  rsa security security
  division of emc corporation via cyota); lincoln laboratory; open market (now part of
  divine, inc.); oxbridge research; stratus; and transarc corporation
  (now the ibm pittsburgh
  lab).
  

  dr. frankel's professional experience includes work at international
  business machines (ibm) t. j. watson research center where he contributed to the 801 computer project -- the first risc computer, xerox palo alto
  research center (parc) where he pioneered the use of distributed computers to execute a single automatically-parallelized program, the corporate research group at digital
  equipment corporation (digital) where he conducted research in software systems for parallel computers, and thinking machines corporation where he designed the c* language, led the team that implemented the initial compilers for the language, was part of the team that designed the interconnection network for the cm5 supercomputer, and ported unix onto the cm5.
  in addition to frankel and associates, he has also started two other companies: commercetone (acquired by mercantec) which brought large company emarketing services to small businesses and auripay (acquired by cyota which was then acquired by rsa security) which provided security to credit card holders.
  

  dr. frankel holds a doctorate from harvard university.  he is a member of the acm and the ieee.  his complete resume
  is available here.
  


    links for jamie frankel's personal page and
    jamie frankel's sailing exploits onboard sea quester.
  



      please send any comments on this web site to
      the webmaster.
    



      copyright © 2021-2002 by frankel and associates, incorporated
      
      29 mason street, lexington, ma   02421-6327   usa
      
      +1 781.861.7146; fax: +1 781.862.4401
    




