








new york pet rescue








































































































about us
donate
overview of giving programs
donate to general fund
donate to healing paws
donate to food drive
process adoptions
dog adoption
cat adoption
adopt
adoption process
view / adopt cats
view / adopt dogs
faqs
cat courtesy listings
dog courtesy listings
partnerships
buy merchandise
amazon wishlist
affiliate links
vehicle donations
pet trusts
events
events calendar
volunteer
volunteer opportunities
become a foster
resources
our newsletter
newsletter sign-up
your newly adopted cat
your newly adopted dog
caring for your pet



 
       
 


 





donate




adopt dogs
adopt cats





 









 


adopt a dog
beautiful dogs and puppies looking for homes
adopt a dog






 


adopt a cat
kittens and cats for adoption
adopt a cat













 


        pet rescue happenings



dog & puppy meet & greet - every saturday
                 all are welcome to attend our weekly dog & puppy meet & greet on saturdays from 11:30am - 1:30pm at 7 harrison ave,
                harrison ny. most of our dogs will be in attendance - those in foster homes as well as those residing in our kennel. if you are interested in adopting a dog, we strongly suggest
                filling out an adoption application prior to the event which takes time to process. drop by and say hello!


love, unleashed
                send some love to our homeless cats and dogs for valentine's day: https://www.givinggrid.com/yokvet/


we need a reliable mini van


                        pet rescue is in need of a reliable mini van to transport animals we rescue. our existing two toyota sienna mini vans are feeling their age as they are both over 15 years
                        old and each has well over 100,000 miles. they require consistent maintenance to keep them running. having a new reliable vehicle would greatly enhance our ability to respond
                        quickly to urgent situations, ensure safe travel for our furry friends, and streamline our operations. our drivers have expressed concern about their personal safety driving
                        our older vehicles.
                

                        we are seeking a gently used van in good operating condition, and we would be incredibly grateful if you might consider donating or facilitating the donation of such a
                        vehicle. your generous donation would make an immediate impact on the lives of many animals in need and help us continue our mission to provide loving homes for every pet we
                        rescue.
                

                        as a 501(c)(3) organization, your donation is tax-deductible (to the extent allowable by law), and we would be happy to provide the necessary documentation for your records.
                        additionally, we could publicly recognize your generosity on our website and social media platforms as a thank-you for your support.
                

                        if you are interested in making a donation or learning more about how your vehicle could help our cause, please don't hesitate to contact us at 914-835-3332 or at
                        info@ny-petrescue.org. we would be happy to arrange a time to discuss further and answer any questions you may have.
                

                        thank you for your time, consideration, and for being part of our efforts to save more dogs and cats.
                





        food sponsors


become a sponsor here or see our current
        calendar here.





         











        dog of the week









 learn more






5 years, 67 lbs,zeus is sweet, personable and lots of fun 
click learn more to read my bio.









 




        cat of the week









 learn more






october 2022 - elmer is a friendly boy that loves scratches under his chin and snuggles in a soft bed.  elmer has a playful side too and is comfortable with his human friends, other cats and dogs also!.









 









new york pet rescue








        adoption information


        before writing us, please read our faq. we receive hundreds of emails a week, and most questions fall into one of these categories. reading the faq and submitting your
        application is the most expedient way to adoption. please remember we are mostly volunteers and handle all inquiries as best we can. we try to respond (when appropriate) within 24-48 hours.


        applicants must:


live within a 125 mile (dogs) or 70 miles (cats) radius of larchmont, ny 
        
accept the financial responsibility of vet care and pet care
        
donate $450 to adopt their dog/puppy; some of the purebred or "designer" dogs (non-shedding) tend to be at the higher end of the range of $500-$1,000. $125 for a cat; $175 for a kitten.
        
be over 23 years of age to adopt a dog or cat
        
be ready to adopt within 7-10 days
        









        with your donations, we provide






        shelter


        pet rescue's facility in harrison, ny provides shelter for many of our cats and dogs. in addition to a roof over their heads, we pay for heat, food, water, electricity. and general
        maintenance. while most of the work is done by dedicated volunteers, we have a small kennel staff to help care for the dogs and cats.







        vetting


         our clinic provides vet care to our cats and dogs. general health assessments, medications, vaccinations, blood work, testing, spay/neuter procedures, and other necessary surgeries
        are all a part of the day- to-day routine. additionally, we pay for specialist care, as needed, to maintain the health of our dogs and cats.







        facilities


        we took over a dilapidated facility which has required hundreds of thousands of dollars to restore to a usable condition. we continue to discover issues and restore the buildings to operable
        conditions. our funding comes exclusively from donations from our adopters and friends.









        transport


        we transport around 600 dogs from kill shelters and emergency situations to pet rescue each year. we also take in local cats and dogs who are in distressed situations.







        fosters


        we are lucky to have a wonderful group of people who foster our cats and dogs in their homes. we pay for all their vetting via the clinic and we provide them specialty food as needed.







        food


        we feed our cats and dogs over 2,200 cans of wet food and 1,600 pounds of dry food each year (numbers currently for cats only).





 donate 







 

tweets by petrescueny





         facebook by @nypetrescue



pet rescue ny







 


        interested in taking one of our pets home?





 view our adoption process 














 


adopt a dog
beautiful dogs and puppies looking for homes
adopt a dog






 


adopt a cat
kittens and cats for adoption
adopt a cat



















 



        about pet rescue


        our mission is to aid homeless, abandoned and neglected cats and dogs, to nurture them in the foster care of volunteers, to provide veterinary care and socialization, and to place them in
        permanent loving and responsible homes.



       





        contact us


        kennel address:
        
7 harrison ave, harrison, ny 10528

        (914) 835-3332 (dog related)
        
        (914) 835-4133 (cat related)


        mailing address:
        
        p.o. box 393, larchmont,  ny 10538


nypetrescue@gmail.com




        sign up for our newsletter


        (first & last name required)

 










                                name:
                        










                                email:
                        



























        website by morweb.org




        nys registered rescue rr281 | copyright 2025


























