




zeus heaven

















zeus heaven









menu

news

latest news
archives

forums

game help
map editing
community

downloads
gallery
game info

zeus walkthroughs
poseidon walkthroughs
housing blocks
cheats
hotkeys
buildings
walkers
housing block generator

scenario design
misc

history section
chris beatrice interview

search


search for:



 



latest news

zeus heaven gets a small make-over posted by pecunia		on march 16, 2021
after many years, zeus heaven has been modernized a bit: it’s now possible to use the site on phone without having to zoom and scroll, plus we have added a search feature in the sidebar on the left.
if you’re interested in buying the game nowadays, both gog and steam have it available. don’t forget to apply the animations patch, which fixes slow gods and unmoving urchin catchers on modern faster computers.



zeus decrees a survey
posted by gweilo on february 13, 2007
the years have passed, and the mighty zeus is pleased with the usage of the downloads section at his heaven. nevertheless, he is curious how we feel about it, and has decreed a new survey to solicit feedback. we, as mere mortals, are obliged to comply. show honor to zeus by sparing a minute or two to participate in the download survey.



zeusmapper is now available!
posted by gweilo on january 24, 2007
the city of atlantis minimap, as generated by zeusmapper.
angel pecunia has just released zeusmapper. it is a small utility program to create png minimaps directly from zeus scenarios (.pak), map files (.map) and saved games (.sav). the created images look exactly like the in-game minimap. for adventures, the colony maps are also viewable.
zeusmapper allows us to add an extra visual element to the saved cities that we share with the world-wide player community. kudos to pecunia for providing us with this capability!










other hg sites

main portal
age of empires
age of empires 3
age of kings
age of mythology
age of wonders
age of wonders 2
battle for middle earth 2
caesar 3
caesar 4
children of the nile
emperor:rotmk
empire at war
empire earth
empire: total war
empires: dotmw
medieval 2: total war
napoleon: total war
pharaoh
rise & fall:caw
rise of legends
rise of nations
rome: total war
stronghold
stronghold 2
sw:galactic battlegrounds
total war: shogun 2
zeus











acknowledgements & disclaimers
			"zeus" is a game by impressions games & sierra studios.
			copyright © 2000-2009 heavengames. all rights reserved.
			please read our disclaimer and privacy statement.
        






