






obfs – supporting environmental research, education and public understanding





























































































 












skip to content



























 
about annual meetings annual meeting registration page annual meeting workshops history listserv obfs documents and information leadership and governance committees strategic vision diversity statement obfs code of conductfield stations what is a field station? discoveries education ecotones: arts at fsmls researcheventsnewsmembership programs awards faq’s member documents give to obfs job postings join obfs membership support obfs discussion forumlogin site registrationgive to obfs








 
 

 







 













organization of biological field stations











supporting environmental research, education and public understanding









join obfs











find your field station


































station map
























idea+
























faq's
























advocacy
























programs
























collaborations






























the function of field stations and marine labs











biological field stations and marine laboratories (fsmls) provide living libraries and outdoor laboratories for students, researchers, and the general public. they vary greatly in form and purpose, and include both marine laboratories whose focus is offshore, as well as terrestrial reserves dedicated to protecting key ecosystems. field stations vary in size from a few urban acres to thousands of acres spread across a remote landscape. station facilities might range from trail networks to state-of-the-art laboratories. whatever form individual field stations may take, they all share the same commitment to advancing our understanding of the earth by supporting research, teaching, and public education. research stations provide an invaluable service to local communities and the country by providing unbiased scientific information and facilities to help governmental and other stakeholders tackle critical environmental issues.
field station staff and researchers provide place-based information ensuring that environmental considerations are factored into local and regional planning and development decisions.
read more































"you do realize what that summer...did to us, don't you? made us realize we could actually do science." — jeff, past student at a field station  

"field stations are places where we can read the book of life in the language in which it was written."— james kirchner, u.c. berkeley 























discussion board















contribute to ongoing discussions and review content and q&as developed for fsml staff







join the discussion










general information
















annual meetingsfield stations & marine labsstation mapstrategic visionthe virtual fieldneed help with the obfs website?








job postings















operating a field station for research and education presents many challenges. here are opportunities for people who thrive at fsmls.







view all job postings






























2025 annual meeting 
the 2025 annual meeting will be held at the rocky mountain biological laboratory located near crested butte, colorado the week of september 15, 2025. workshops will be held on monday and friday, field trips and the general meeting will be held tuesday through thursday. more details soon!
 
2024 annual meeting recap

the 2024 annual meeting was held november 11-15 in south carolina by the baruch institutes of hobcaw barony (co-hosted by clemson baruch institute of coastal ecology and forest science and university of south carolina belle w. baruch institute for marine and coastal sciences).
you can view the schedule here as well as the obfs-program


thank you for attending!


















news and events



































            february 11, 2025
        







marine science ocean arts interdisciplinary workshop

marine science, ocean arts: interdisciplinary, intertidal interdependent   what? an integrative workshop to address the…






















            february 5, 2025
        







2025 field courses in the northwoods of minnesota – itasca biological station and laboratories

come take a field course at one of the oldest continually operating field stations in…






















            january 20, 2025
        







2025 fall research experiences for undergraduates (nsf-reu) program at bermuda institute of ocean sciences

fall research experiences for undergraduates (nsf-reu) program at bermuda institute of ocean sciences fully funded…






















            january 16, 2025
        







2025 station exchange program (sxp) announcement

2025 station exchange program (sxp) announcement  itchung cheung (itchung.cheung@oregonstate.edu)   the obfs collaborations committee is…












view all news














            february 25
        







virtual café: the palase field station, a decade of progress

the university ioannina palase field station recently completed its first decade of existence. located in…








            february 27
        




obfs board meeting

the obfs board of directors meets via zoom every eight weeks through the year. all…








            march 23
        

        	$2000
        





applied bioacoustics in conservation and practice field course

hosted in collaboration with the organization for tropical studies and the african bioacoustics community, this…








            may 1
        







obfs board meeting

the obfs board meets via zoom every eight weeks through the year. all obfs members…












view all events


















field stations and marine labs













see all field stations and marine labs






























donate to obfs! 
obfs is a non-profit organization and you can help further and sustain its mission through your generous support. please consider a generous donation in support of our work to help shape the future of field science in your community!





donate now












 































annual meeting
strategic vision









the virtual field
public docs
 









contact us
job listings














 https://www.instagram.com/obfs_org/
linkedin
facebook
youtube









© organization of biological field stations
108 petticoat hill road
williamsburg, massachusetts usa 01096
questions: web_admin@obfs.org
ein 71-1047817
we are a 501(c)(3) public charity.









 
translate » 





























