



mineral lake ~ the gem of the northwest ~











 
 





































			 









 

hidden away in a 
                    little known and seldom explored corner of the cascade 
                    mountain range is the historic hamlet of mineral, 
                    washington. here the wildlife is bountiful and the landscape 
                    breathtaking. mineral offers fabulous views of mt. rainier 
                    and easy access to mt. rainier national park and the gifford 
                    pinchot national forest. this gem of the northwest is less 
                    than two hours from seattle, washington or portland, oregon 
                    and has something to offer everyone from steam train 
                    enthusiasts, to hikers and bikers, birdwatchers, hunters and 
                    fishermen, skiers, boaters, vacationers and campers.while mineral lake 
                    is the home of the ten-pound trout, nearby streams and 
                    rivers offer an abundance of salmon, steelhead and brook 
                    trout. if fishing is not your passion, perhaps you would 
                    like to visit two of the major mountains in the united 
                    states; mt. rainier and mount st. helens. both are 
                    accessible by auto and offer world-class photo 
                    opportunities, hiking trails, wildlife viewing and natural 
                    history interpretations.


			for those looking for a fabulous, centrally located wedding location 
			look no farther than mineral. visualize an outdoor wedding with mt. 
			rainier and pristine mineral lake as the backdrop. the affordable 
			but luxurious local lodging offers a perfect place to honeymoon as 
			well.

			there are more activities, events, vacation opportunities and fun 
			things to do in our area with something for everyone. come, get away 
			from the everyday hustle and bustle and experience the beauty and 
			hospitality of our unique little town.
 







































main page ~ fishing ~ lodging ~  
	dining ~ activities ~ 
	events ~ services ~ 
	photo 
	gallery ~ area history ~ 
	directions ~ web cams ~ 
	links
	~   ~   ~

