












holy spirit home page | greek orthodox church of the holy spirit


































greek orthodox church of the holy spirit
rochester, ny
holy spirit home page
about us 
clergyschedule of servicesour parishscheduling sacramentsour orthodox faithour bookstore

our faith 
house of godworshipliturgythe sacramentsspecial servicesteachingsspiritualitylinkshistory

ministries 
adult ministriesyouth ministriesmusic ministries
calendarcontact us










greek orthodox metropolis of detroit
greek orthodox church of the holy spirit
rochester, ny













holy spirit home page
about us


clergyschedule of servicesour parishscheduling sacramentsour orthodox faithour bookstore


our faith


house of godworshipliturgythe sacramentsspecial servicesteachingsspiritualitylinkshistory


ministries


adult ministriesyouth ministriesmusic ministries

calendarcontact us








previousnext


















there will not be a greek festival for 2024, but check back for some “taste of greece” food events.


welcome to the greek orthodox church of the holy spirit website
the holy spirit parish was established in 1995 when approximately 50 families desiring to foster pastoral care and an intimate spiritual experience were granted permission to operate as a mission and subsequently as an official parish of the greek orthodox archdiocese of america, metropolis of detroit.
in 1998, we entered our present location, the former south avenue baptist church. construction of an iconostasis and the placement of icons in the altar area have transformed this sanctuary into our home of orthodox prayer and worship.
our parish, comprised of 170 families from diverse backgrounds, is a vibrant community with many opportunities for religious education, active youth and young adult programs, warm fellowship, and a wonderful spirit of volunteerism. we are a family-centered community helping each other to live our orthodox faith to the fullest.

"our mission is to promote the spiritual well-being of those committed to the greek orthodox faith and traditions, and to reach out to all orthodox christians, converts, partners in inter-faith marriages and the un-churched orthodox in the greater rochester, new york area. the abiding purpose of the parish is to provide for full participation in the liturgical and sacramental life of the church through worship, service, witnessing, and community fellowship."
holy spirit goc mission statement


    
support our ministries
click here to make a contribution to support holy spirit
in order to assure that the church receives the full value of your donation, please consider increasing your donation to cover the 4% fee charged by paypal for their service. 


2025 stewardship form
please print and forward a completed copy to the church office.
download stewardship form



national fire relief fund
in response to the devastation caused by the recent and ongoing fires in southern california, the greek orthodox archdiocese of america, in collaboration with the metropolis of san francisco and the national philoptochos society, has launched a fundraising campaign to assist orthodox christians and others affected by this tragedy. the campaign aims to provide essential resources and support to help families and individuals rebuild their lives. donate here.
philoptochos is collecting funds to give to the fire relief with a tray in the narthex for those giving cash or checks made out to "holy spirit philoptochos".





national hurricane relief fund
to raise funds for the immediate needs of those affected by recent hurricanes.
donate online at: https://www.goarch.org/donate/hurricane
or place cash and checks into our second tray in the narthex on sunday, oct. 13 and sunday, oct. 20




holy spirit church events






souper bowl of caring
sunday, february 9, 2025h
collecting cans of soup and other non-perishable food items to donate locally.extra tray in the narthex for iocc donations of cash and checks.
to donate directly online: https://give.iocc.org/give/651932/#!/donation/checkout
download flyer




theophany season
blessing the waters
download trifold




cooking/baking class 2025
homemade phyllo dough
2 sessions to choose from:saturday, february 1, 2025saturday, february 8, 20251:00 pm – 4:00 pm (arrive at 12:45 pm for session)in the church fellowship hallprice: $45 per person.
download flyer




holy spirit art challenge
"awake, you who sleep,arise from the dead,and christ will give you light."
use the above scripture quote from ephesians 5:14 as inspiration to create works of art.
download flyer
come view our art challenge exhibit in the choir room after church on sunday, jan 26 and feb. 2.
download flyer





philoptochos spring 2025 dates

january 19, 2025
february 16, 2025
march 23, 2025
no meeting in april
may 4, 2025
 






holy spirit philoptochos book club (hspbc)
open to all parishioners
book: “our thoughts determine our lives: the life and teachings of elder thaddeus of vitovnica"
tuesdays, 6:30 pm – 8:00 pm
we are moving from wednesdays to tuesdays.
tuesdays:feb. 11, march 11, april 8, may 13
currently offered in-person at church and via zoom. contact anna pink for the zoom link.
download flyer





church school
on sundays after communion
catechesis of the good shepherdlevel 1 for ages 3—8 

please register your child(ren) by completing a registration form. late registrations will be accepted. return completed forms to the church office.
jan. - may 2025 schedule
church school will be on sundays after communion from january 5 - april 27, 2025
no classes on: jan. 19, feb. 16, march 9, march 23, and april 20
download scheduledownload registration form





friends of the metropolis
click to download giving form and for more information:
download giving form




ocmc trek4 missionswalking with the holy spirit
trek everyday and log your progress:
download progress log
pray for orthodox christian mission center and missionaries as you trek daily or weekly.

donate online at:http://secure.ocmc.org/goto/walkingwiththeholyspirit





thank you to our trek4missions walkers, who walked on a genesee valley park trail on september 14th after the elevation of the holy cross liturgy.
ocmc missionaries in albania: macdonald fall newsletter
download newsletter



food pantry collection
our parish collects food and other necessities for those in need in rochester. we are currently donating to the monroe library branch, who have a food pantry to distribute to those in need. a table with bins for collecting items is along the fellowship hall wall. to donate financially, write a check out to “holy spirit greek orthodox church” with “food pantry donation” in the memo line.






philoptochos refugee project
we are continuing with household goods collection for saint’s place to help refugees (from ukraine, african, and south american countries in turmoil) resettle here in rochester. most come with nothing or very little as they have run for their lives.
see flyer for list of what saint's place needs and what they are not taking.
view our updated list




blessing bags
philoptochos is collecting items to assemble blessing bags, which are great to keep on hand in your car so you can have the bag to hand to someone in need. donate a little or a lot – we have a suggested list of blessing bag items.
+ blessing bags: we have run out of blessing bags. please bring in more items that can fit inside a gallon ziploc bag so we can assemble more bags. here are some suggestions: toothbrush and toothpaste, socks, hand sanitizer gel or wipes, tissues, snack bars, trail mix packs, tuna and cracker packs, soap, deodorant, band-aids , nail clippers, bottle of water, [gloves, knit hat in colder weather] please bring in whatever you think would be useful and place in the designated boxes in the fellowship hall.
view blessing bag list





metropolis webinar series
view webinars on the passions and other topics online at: https://discoverorthodoxy.org/webinarseries


you can also visit us on our social media sites:
facebook - https://www.facebook.com/holyspiritgreekorthodoxchurch
youtube - https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc9bghwqgfjrgbtbh3jbg2na




services at holy spirit
sundays: orthros: 9:00 am | divine liturgy: 10:00 am




we can view live services on facebook or see the recordings for later viewing.
    view live on facebook      youtube channel

ages initiatives
ages initiatives is an online resource that provides a calendar of church services. it has the entire service including special hymns of the day, the epistle, and the gospel. this comes in handy if you prefer to follow the service with something written in front of you.
click here to visit ages initiatives

other sites to see:
national directory of orthodox mental health providers:
https://www.assemblyofbishops.org/directories/mental-health/
https://www.goarch.org/live-broadcasts
 
check our calendar for other events...
for information on our services please contact the church office at (585) 244-1976 between 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm, monday through friday. thank you...
 








greek orthodox church of the holy spirit
835 south avenue rochester, ny 14620phone: (585) 244-1976 | email us




powered by the department of internet ministries of the greek orthodox archdiocese of america









