




pueblo crime stoppers


































           pueblo crime stoppers
welcome
  cases  
missing persons

unsolved crimes
    sponsors  
support us

sponsors
    about  
how it works

news & events

statistics

crime awareness

history

scholarships

application

contact us

about us

admin
private area
     
      submit a tip    tip follow-up    download the mobile app      welcome    submit a tip    tip follow-up    mobile app   
 



 
pueblo crime stoppers transparency statement (08/14/2024)

pueblo crime stoppers is dedicated to fostering a culture of openness, integrity, and accountability in all our operations. we firmly believe that transparency is essential to building and maintaining the trust of our stakeholders, including our tipsters, board members, partners, and the broader community.

over the past five months, pueblo crime stoppers has undergone a transition in the role of our coordinator. during this period, significant efforts were made to train a new coordinator while continuing to serve our community. however, it came to our attention that during this transition, a phone line was inadvertently disconnected, leading to some missed calls. we want to assure you that all other tip sources remained fully operational.

as of august 1st, we have welcomed back our original coordinator, who is now diligently working to address any missed information. we sincerely apologize for this disruption and have implemented safeguards to prevent such issues from occurring in the future.

transparency remains a guiding principle in our actions and decisions. by being open, honest, and accountable, we strive to strengthen the trust placed in us by our stakeholders and to continue making a positive impact within our community.
 
*****
 

crime stoppers encourages members of the community to assist local law enforcement agencies in the fight against crime by overcoming the two key elements that inhibit community involvement: fear and apathy. 
 
pueblo crime stoppers provides 3 different ways to submit a tip: the telephone by calling 719-542-7867, the web by simply clicking on the “submit a tip” on our website, and our newest technology - the new p3 smartphone app! see the 'how it works' page for details.  crime stoppers offers all three ways to submit anonymous tips in order to encourage citizens in the community to volunteer vital information helpful to law enforcement agencies.       
 
only phone tips will be worked in real-time and forwarded to on-duty law enforcement, so if you know the current location of a fugitive or suspect, call 719-542-7867 and let the call taker know that the suspect is currently at the location given.  smartphone app tips and web tips will generally be worked the next business day.
 
to read more about ways to submit a tip to pueblo crime stoppers – click on the about button and then click on how it works in the drop down menu. 
  


 
719-542-7867
 

 
adt and pueblo crime stoppers have a partnership that will save you money on adt security systems!  plus, adt will make a donation to pueblo crime stoppers for every account that is initiated using our six digit promo code:  a190062 and the trusted link below.

 
let's help each other make pueblo a safer place to live!
       pueblo crime stoppers navigate360 © 2025 all rights reserved    






×
loading...


                                            loading... 
                                        

ok












×
loading...


                                             loading...
                                        

close



















