














michigan united soccer league | home
















































                                               welcome to the michigan united soccer league - the nation's second largest adult soccer league!















2025 season registration will open in march! 


us referee certification - musl reimbursement offer - new referees only!



description of musl sponsored referee reimbursement







not currently a referee but interested in becoming one?  the musl will support you!

the musl will reimburse you up to $160 to help offset your costs of initial certification classes ($65 average), background check ($35 through us soccer), and referee uniform and kit ($60 and up on amazon).
this has been musl board approved to encourage musl players to become referees and help build our league.
simply take the class to become newly certified and then referee center or ar in two (2) musl matches in 2025 and we will reimburse you for submitted expenses (up to $160).


follow link and fill out the google form here.
register for certification classes here.



referee







referee image












current musl standings






urgent announcements



roster pro export







roster export (last updated 2022 05-11 @ 6:00 pm):
as many of you are aware, there is currently a delay between rosterpro (our registration system) and elements (our main page), which has led to confusion regarding real time roster adjustments. to alleviate some of the issues this is causing, we will be regularly updating the rosterpro export (linked below), so that managers can see the most recent status for their registered players. note that the export is in the form of an excel file and will be best viewed from a computer.
please contact technology@musl.net with any issues or concerns on this matter.



    rosterpro export
    
  



manager logins







for all team managers:
as most of you are aware, we have been struggling a bit to troubleshoot the issues associated with transferring to the new registration system. while we work on some of the other know problems in the background, one of the most critical matters for the coming week is the ability for managers to print game sheets prior to the game. i ask that all team managers do the following:

access your team page via the main site (musl.net, click teams, click on your team)
in the upper right corner, click "team login"
fill in your credentials, and click "log in"
click "print game cards"
select "standard"
select the checkbox for your first game
click "generate game cards"
print

if you are unable to execute this task, please follow the link below to submit your information so that we can address the issue:
manager form
for all other issues, please consult the following list for where to direct your question/concern:
musl board





founder's cup


2024







free agents



    free agent form
    
  



    free agent list
    
  


schedules


schedules

founder's cup schedules










musl forms



    register here!
    
  



    2025 field insurance form
    




    2025 free agent form
    




    2025 free agent list
    




		
    game day procedure
  


    game change procedure
    




    game sheet procedure
    




    game sheet submission form
    



resources



    we are helping to recruit new referees! click for information!
  


		
    demosphere launches mobile app!
  


    2021 musl covid policy
    




    us soccer play-on resource center
    



lad







click to go to ussoccer.com!










important links


current weather


current field status

events


musl vice president, josh belvedere, had a hole in one!










re*sure musl injury insurance






re*sure musl life insurance


re*sure life insurance protects your entire family!







invitational tournaments




    beer city cup
  


    ba cup international tournament
    




    florida classic
    





















follow the musl on facebook


follow the musl on facebook!





follow the musl on x


musl x feed





follow the musl on instagram


follow the musl on instagram!












affiliates


new msa







ussr







usasa







usasaii










sponsors


soccer world







re-sure







nz multimedia







smokey







schooling the body







g


















      office hours
    







office hours by appointment only











      contact
    







michigan united soccer league
p.o. box 510082
livonia, michigan 48151-0082















©  michigan united soccer league. all rights reserved.
©  demosphere international, inc. all rights reserved.













