
corporate watch -                    


login 


 0 items - £0.00



corporate-critical news and research since 1996
about
investigations
training
need help?
publications
donate
contact menu


labour on immigration: 5 things you need to know
the tories’ 14-year run is over, but migrant solidarity campaigners are doubtful whether things look much brighter under labour. how much has keir starmer’s government departed from the conservatives’ migration policies,




the uk israel tech hub: fast-tracking israeli tech companies into the nhs
with deep links to israeli military and intelligence services, the uk israel tech hub is a uk government initiative that claims to open doors between the israeli and uk markets. public




circle health & how the world’s richest family is honing in on britain’s private hospitals
circle health is the uk’s largest private hospital provider. earlier this year, it was sold by centene (see our recent report here) to a united arab emirate (uae) healthcare firm owned




who’s in control? a short guide to investigating corporate power
download a pdf version of our new guide to investigating corporate ownership and control here. company information accurate as of october 2024. if you’re planning a campaign against a company, it’s




unfit to practice: plus making billions
[content warning: suicide] corporate watch investigated practice plus group, a private health company making billions from nhs contracts for healthcare in prisons and immigration detention centres. after examining government contracts and

  migration
 
labour on immigration: 5 things you need to know
the tories’ 14-year run is over, but migrant solidarity campaigners are doubtful whether things look much brighter under labour. how much has keir starmer’s government departed from the conservatives’ migration policies, and what does the home office have in...read more latest publications
who’s in control? a short guide to investigating corporate power
new publication: prison island winter 2021 update
tech book review
out now: tech, our new book on technology
out now: the uk border regime
the uk border regime: book introduction and summary
an a-z of green capitalism
 unfit to practice: plus making billions
 2023 uk charter deportations: a balance sheet  latestlabour on immigration: 5 things you need to know
 the tories’ 14-year run is over, but migrant solidarity campaigners arethe uk israel tech hub: fast-tracking israeli tech companies into the nhs
 with deep links to israeli military and intelligence services, the ukcircle health & how the world’s richest family is honing in on britain’s private hospitals
 circle health is the uk’s largest private hospital provider. earlier thiswho’s in control? a short guide to investigating corporate power
 download a pdf version of our new guide to investigating corporateunfit to practice: plus making billions
 [content warning: suicide] corporate watch investigated practice plus group, a privatehorroracle: the tech giant embedded in our nhs
 in recent years, both the tories and labour have been avidlyinfosys: rishi sunak, big tech and the nhs
 the latest sunday times rich list reported that rishi sunak and2023 uk charter deportations: a balance sheet
 [content warning: suicide] drawing on freedom of information act requests andwho’s arming israel? bae’s munitions & white phosphorous in gaza
 this is the second part of a project naming and locatingrefurbish don’t demolish: the fight for the future of thamesmead
 residents of thamesmead, one of london’s largest and most iconic housingpalantir in the uk: from the ministry of defence to the nhs
 palantir in the uk this is the second of two articlespalantir: international tech despot
 this is the first in two articles investigating us tech company,shackles & shambles: capita and the electronic tagging boom
 [warning: mentions of suicide in the ‘benefits’ section] we are inthe national wealth service: players and scandals
 this is the second in a series of three articles investigatingthe national wealth service: nhs privatisation timeline
 this is the third in a series of three articles investigating1234next ›last »
what we coverarms trade
banking & finance
environment
housing
migration
public services
social controljoin our newslettersubscribe here for updates including latest news, workshops and other events, and job postings.get in touchis there a company you think we should be looking into?or do you have information on a company that you would like to share? get in touch!
publications

 who’s in control? a short guide to investigating corporate power




 tech: a guide to the politics and philosophy of technology




 worlds end




 the uk border regime




 prison island




 capitalism, what is it and how can we destroy it?


search the site



submit

contact uscorporate watch
c/o tony benn house, victoria street, bristol bs1 6ayemail: contact[at]corporatewatch.org
(replace [at] with @) share our contentthe content of this website is licensed under a creative commons license (attribution-noncommercial 4.0 international)support grassroots media 
corporate watch copyright © 2025. back to top
         