









home - auburn supply




























































auburn supply






have questions?      (708) 596-9800   |      e-mail us 








facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 











 






menu

 


home
about us
history
products
open an account
career opportunities
contact us
customer accounts online












   


















plumbing wholesalers serving northern illinois & northwest indiana 



auburn supply company has been providing wholesale plumbing supplies since 1947. we are built upon a foundation of service and value. as a family business, we understand that in order to be the best, we need to combine quality products with outstanding service, on-time deliveries, inventory that meets you needs, and competitive pricing. we are constantly striving to go the extra mile for each of our customers.whatever your plumbing needs, auburn supply is here for you. give us a call and experience the difference! 
















online account access 



 




easy account management
easy online ordering
exclusive specials








click here









the products you need 



 



huge product selectioncounter service & prompt deliveriesexperienced staff ready to help 






click here









open an account 



 



flexible payment termscredit team to help manage your accountmakes future purchases quick and easy 






click here










 




open an account today! 



we offer a variety of flexible terms for our commercial customers. our knowledgeable credit team is here to help you manage your account and provide quick and courteous resolutions to any of your customer service needs. to get your account started today, click below! 






click here





















contact us 











corporate headquarters19081 old la grange rd.mokena, il 60448 distribution center3850 west 167th streetmarkham, il 60428phone: (708) 596-9800fax: (708) 596-0981e-mail us 





hours 











monday – friday: 6:00am-5:00pmsaturday & sunday: closed 





be social 














facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 








 
















home | about us | history | products | open an account | career opportunities | contact us | customer accounts online
legal notice | privacy statement | site map
copyright © auburn supply co. all rights reserved.
website design and maintenance by catalyst marketing / worry free websites  




 


























