






brad goodman's home page

















































    me, my wife kathryn,
    our daughters zoe and eden,
    and our son noah



web highlights:

check out my projects on github
watch my videos on youtube
print my 3d models from prusaprinters.org
my whacky paper on car buying - assessing cost/value
 check out my honneywell wifi thermostat hack button!
check out my cape code boat launch guide!
check out my lake winnipesaukee iphone/ipad navigation & charting app!
check out my google-authenticator apache module project
check out my youtube videos
see our jiminy peak vacation videos!
see my iphone applications!
see my outdoor light display project, dimwatt!
see my cheezy flash animations!


my brief bio:
i grew up in needham, massachusetts but spent most of my high-school years at the
    desisto schools in stockbridge, massachusetts and howie-in-the-hills, florida. i then
    went to northeastern university in boston, majoring in electrical engineering. i
    was a principal at a company called optical access international, and later founded .
		 i then
    worked at storigen systems until they went down the drain, then
    acopia networks,
    empirix, 
    seachange international, and now
    emc.
    i am a member and resource manager at makeit labs, a non-profit local makerspace, a leader in the boy scouts of america where i serve as the communications chairman for the arrowhead district, and a licensed amature radio operator (callsign k1bkg).
		i live in new hampshire with my
    wife kathryn, our daughters zoe and eden, and our son noah.
my world:

i got married in 1998 - you can see my wedding
    photos here. my wife kathryn
    and i met at college (northeastern university) and were friends for a few years, then
    went out for a few years, then were engaged for a few years, then finally tied the
    knot! we live outside boston.
we have two beautiful daughters named zoe and eden, and a wonderful son named
    noah. they are so amazing! they change and
    grow sooo much that it is impossible to keep up with their web pages - but there are
    a few (of many) good pictures of them there.
 
we got a boat a few years ago,
    and named it "hellfish" (after an obscure character from "the simpsons" of which i am
    a huge fan.) you can see some boat pictures here. we also
    took the boat on vacation this past summer, and kept a live travel log, updating our
    position from my wireless palm vii. you can see the travel log and vacation photos here.
 
 one of the loves of my life
    has always been computers. i have been doing hardware and software work since i was
    11 - and had be first contract software job when i was 12! i started on the old apple
    ][+, and then the pdp-11, and moved into bigger and better things over the years. i
    have done a ton of various stuff - a lot of pda stuff (my most popular working being
    pda toolbox - and some blackberry shareware. these days, i focus mainly on things
    like embedded systems, kernel-level, linux, device drivers, etc. i guess it's the
    control-freak in me that likes to stay down at the lowest level of things where your
    not relying on anything underneath you that you don't have control over. by the same token, i do a lot of very "high" level work with things like ajax, javascript, etc - though mostly as a 
means to control/monitor/interact with my lower-level stuff.  granted, one of the coolest projects i did was collecting and importing all the faa and military us airspace databases 
into a system i integrated with google maps - it draws airspaces rings, dynamically creates airport correct airport icons, etc. (it's not available on this site, 
because of the size of the databases. it's on my home server though, drop me a line if you want to see it. a version of it with a subset of the functionality is here)
 i am very
    cross-functional between hardware and software engineering - so i also like to be at
    the level where i can work in both domains. i have been the chief technology officer
    and founder of a couple companies, optical access internationa and  for about 10 years. we made some
    phenominal products - very small, high-powered nas controllers (pictured on right,)
    scsi-to-ide controllers, and things of the such. in 2000 when the whole market dried
    up and we ran out of money and went out of business. (you live, you learn...) i have pretty much stayed in the storage space through my whole career, (i can't escape it!) so
    thenwent to work at storigen systems - and when they vaporized to acopia networks. i then worked at empirix working on voip test equipment on
    linux and at seachange international, who makes broadcast and cable-tv video products, working primarily in their storage and video-on-demand division.
	i am now at emc (which is now dell/emc - part ofdell) where i work on a bunch of new "next generation" data storage products (i can't talk about), focusing on system, platform, performance, kernel, datapath, flash, rdma, hardware and virtualization, among some other stuff..
    i've put together a small portfolio of products i've
    developed over the years if you want to take a look.
here is also a home project i did, designing an outdoor chrismas lighting controller, dimwatt
 
one of my main passions is
    aviation. wether it's flying actual planes, building, flying and designing model planes and helicopters, building a full-sized flight simulator in my basement - i love all of it!



		well...almost all of it. there is of course the fact that i am absolutley terrified of flying! so much so that i have not been in a commercial plane in about ten years! on the flipside of this is the fact that i am working on my pilot's license. needless to say - the hardest part of this has been overcoming my fear of flying - which i hope will pass. you can view some maps and gps tracks of my flights here - (a nifty page i created with google maps to overlay airport/airspace data and gps tracks.) 
    you can also check out
    all  my airplanes here. i have a pretty popular site on
    the hornet helicopter. another big pasttime of mine was palm
    software development. i have been out of it for a while, but have several very
    popular titles which are of my creation. it is a pretty cool feeling when you can go
    into any bookstore and find yourself written up in several books! you can see my palm software here. i now use a blackberry as my phone/pda and have several popular titles available for it.  
 
i have a collection of
    photos of friends and family online, but it is pretty small. i just got a scanner and
    am in the process of augmenting my online collection! i am also very into bonsai
    gardening, and have had several plants under my care for many years. some plants i
    grew from "scratch", transplanting them from another tree. i dont have any pictures
    of my bonsais yet - although i think they are in the background of some of the photos
    with bear and moose.
 
i have a stuffed bear and a stuffed moose, both of which i am quite fond of.
    its a long story - kathryn bought me the moose for christmas one year - it was more
    of a decoration on the wrapping of another present, or a stocking stuffer. (he is
    only about 4 inches tall!) i grew too attached to him, so she bought the bear to keep
    moose company, so i wouldn't pay so much attention to him! it backfired and now i pay
    too much attention to both of them! we call them flanimals because the are made of flannel. they each
    have their own pages where you can see some of their antics! [bear's page] [moose's page]
 



send me email!



brad's lists
    the following are a few running lists that i keep on by blackberry, and am constantly
    adding to. whenever something happens worthy of making one of these lists - i
    immediatly jot it down. they are many years in the making! 
    
kathrynisms
favorite & least-favorite movies
parenting quotes - brad, kathryn and
      zoe
my pet peves

albums:

old home page
family photos
high school
see pictures from my wife's surprise birthday party
my palm software page
my blackberry software
      page
pictures of us a disney world, 2001
see the web site i made for my hornet

links:

my friend's band, blue moon harem
another friend's band: frankie paladino band


 
you are visitor 
since september 1, 2003

brad goodman












