










birdwatching contacts and information around the world.  birders go birding that's bird watching meet new people from different countries.  those who travel, are traveling meet those who host, are hosting and go birdwatching.

































































bird watching club for world travelers








travel globally, bird locally.meet local birding pals at their favorite birdwatching hotspots.
                                








click a continent to find a pal














africa
algeria
angola
benin
botswana
burkina faso
burundi
cameroon
cape verde
c.a.r.
chad
comoro islands
cote d'ivoire
dem. rep. congo
djibouti
equatorial guinea
eritrea
ethiopia
egypt
gabon
gambia
ghana
guinea
guinea bissau
kenya
lesotho
liberia
libya
madagascar
malawi
mali
mauritania
mauritius
morocco
mozambique
namibia
namibia
niger
nigeria
repub. of congo
rwanda
sao tome/principe
senegal
seychelles
sierra leone
somalia
south africa
sudan
tanzania
togo
tunisia
uganda
zambia
zimbabwe


middle east
armenia
azerbaijan
bahrain
cyprus
georgia
iran 
iraq
israel
jordan
kuwait
lebanon
oman
palestine
qatar
saudi arabia
syria
turkey
u.a.e
yemen


caribbean & cent. america
anguilla
antigua
aruba
bahamas
barbados
belize
bermuda
bonaire
brit. virgin isles
cayman island
costa rica
cuba
curacao
dominica
dominican republic
el salvador
grenada
guadeloupe
guatemala
haiti
honduras
jamaica
martinique
montserrat
nicaragua
panama
puerto rico
st kitts and nevis
st lucia
st maarten/martin
st vincent and grenadines
trinidad and tobago
turks and caicos
us virgin isles


europe
albania
austria
belgium
belarus
bosnia-herzegovina
bulgaria
croatia
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
estonia
faroe island
finland
france
georgia
germany
gibraltar
greece
greenland
holland
hungary
iceland
ireland
italy
latvia
lithuania
luxemburg
macedonia
malta
moldova
montenegro
netherlands
norway
poland
portugal
romania
serbia
slovakia
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
ukraine
united kingdom


asia
afghanistan
bangladesh
bhutan
brunei
cambodia
china
hong kong
india
indonesia
japan
kazakhstan
kyrgyzstan
laos
malaysia
maldives
mongolia
myanmar/burma
nepal
north korea
pakistan
philippines
singapore
south korea
russia
sri lanka
taiwan
tajikistan
thailand
tibet
turkmenistan
uzbekistan
vietnam


north america
canada
greenland
hawaii
mexico
united states


oceania / australia
australia
fiji
guam
micronesia
new caledonia
new zealand
polynesia
papua new guinea
solomon islands
vanuatu


south america
argentina
bolivia
brazil
chile
colombia
ecuador
falkland islands
french guinea
guyana
paraguay
peru
suriname
uruguay
venezuela





we are grateful for every pal who contributes.  thank you and happy birding.



           

go birding with a pal
                    from around the world


when you travel, find a pal to go bird watching with.
                    
host a traveling pal coming bird watching to a hotspot you like.

where do you want to go birdwatching in spring/summer 2025?
                meet up with a birding pal there!
                
thousands of pals have met for successful birdwatching and now plan to stay in touch.
                "happy birding, pal."
                    -knud rasmmusen



the contact pals system sends your messages, while keeping your email address private!  you get your messages emailed to you and a copy of every message you send.
                    
every pal has been verified and every message is archived.  pals do not charge money.  you should pay their entrance fee.  you are not required to tip.

you can be verified and get a passphrase here:subscribe for $10 a year.

need a reminder of your passphrase?contact admin to email your passphrase





what knud says:
you don't need to be an expert birder to contact a pal.  however these are serious birdwatchers who are willing to help.  it is a privilege to contact them.  your message should reflect decent respect.  
                                        
a birding pal does not charge a fee, however you should pay for their expenses, transportation costs, entrance fees, meals, etc.
                                        
pals will answer your messages quickly, if they can.  you might write to someone who is traveling, so write to more than one pal, and be patient.  let us know if someone doesn't answer and we'll check that everything is okay.  reply to thank those pals you won't be meeting.
                                        
let us know when you are going to meet a pal, and then let us know how it went. 
                                        contact pals meeting

happy birding.
                                        


hey pals


                                        would you like to write a review of birdwatching trip you went on with a pal?
                                        
do you want to send a thank you to a pal you went birding with? click here to donate their pal membership for next year, $10.
                                        
no reply?
                                        did you write to a pal and not get a reply?
please let us know so we can see if everything is alright.
                                        
having a problem with
                                        your passphrase?



    


"the real most interesting man in the world"

knud rasmmusen founded birding pal to be a bird watching club with a big difference; it's local area would be the whole world.
                                
pals are volunteers, professionals are local experts.
                                
"a stranger is just a pal you haven't met yet."
                                knud rasmmusen 
                                

knud's picks
birding friendly recommendations.

lodging
birder friendly places to stay

books
birding books

info
recommendation on everything else














contact admin using contact pals

or...
                    by email: adminlinkemail@contactpals.org

thank you for being a pal.



birding pal is a well established global website for traveling birders to contact locals 
                    who love to go birdwatching with visitors from around the world.
                    

you can find information about birdwatching in a place you plan to travel to and maybe find someone to go with.
                    
if you know your endemics from your migranitories you can show a hotspot to someone who lives far away. 
                    

start by clicking a continent on the map or select from the list.
                    
read the listings of pals around the world who like to go birdwatching with pals.
                    
contact a few pals and get the conversation started.  you'll need a passphrase from contact pals incorporated by subscribing using paypal.com for $10 a year.

to become a pal, meet a few pals listed in your area and see if you'd like to do it.  if so, then go to become a pal

we list local professional birdwatching guides who will take you birdwatching for a fee at the bottom of each country/province/search page.
                    
we offer a list of recommended birding friendly lodgings, that are great places to stay, on the budget end of the scale, that are near hotspots and where they love birds, or at least they love birders. birding friendly lodging

knud made a list of his suggestions for birding books (field guides) by area of the world, at birding pal recommended field guides


going on a business trip, to a conference or on vacation?  will you have a bit of extra time?  don't waste it.  go birdwatching and enjoy the company of a local birder.
                


we can't do it without you.




birding pal swag fund raising
                        t-shirts $28 - $45,
                        mug $17.00,
                        bumper sticker $5.50



special men's t-shirt $21



hoodie sweatshirt $62.00





messenger bag $41.50





drinking glass $20.00




"a stranger is just a pal you haven't met yet."
                - knud rasmmusen

many new friendships are made around the world with birding pal.




example message to a pal




hello,
                                my friend and i will be in the baltimore area from aug. 1st until the 13th and we'd love to go birding in the early mornings.
                                we both are long time birders in the florida quays but have not been to your area yet.
                                water fowl is what we're use to, so we're excited to be traveling to maryland.
                                
we both can walk a fair bit on a level hike, five hours or so.  do you like to go early?
                                the hotspots in your area sound great.  we'd like to see the park most but they all sound terrific.
                                and we were wondering if you had recordings to play.
                                
if your interested in guiding us we'd look forward to meeting you.  we can contribute to gas and take you to lunch.
                                
thank you for being a pal,
                                knud
 



kudos!


not a problem as i emailed others, but very happy you are hopefully purging some folks no longer pals. i have been a pal for 13 years and love it!!!!!!!!!!!!
                    -r.  armstrong
                    
thank you, we couldn't do it without you.  if you don't get a reply from a pal, please let us know:
                        message to admin


thank you for asking for an update to my profile. i was a birdingpal for nearly 20 years, and have many good memories of helping nearly every one of my birdingpals see their target bird(s).  
                    
my greatest challenge was helping my penultimate birdingpal (who came halfway around the world from australia to california) see his target species, the north american nemesis black rail!
                    
i took p. hansbro out 11 may 2022,  just 5 days following my spinal stenosis surgery, and put him in an area where he saw two black rails, as required by the uk birding rules he follows.
                    
unfortunately, my age and physical limitations are limiting my ability to serve as a birdingpal. it's best to go out a winner, and getting a birdingpal a bird as difficult to see as a black rail, is a most satisfying accomplishment to savor.
                    
this email is my letter of resignation from birdingpal. i send my best wishes to past and present birdingpals, and thank knud rasmmusen for the opportunities to share my birding knowledge and skills with my birdingpals.

- d. lee, california, usa


continued...
my birdingpal memories include picking up a scottish couple on a cold morning, to discover they hadn't brought jackets! fortunately, i had tossed a couple of extra heavy wool jackets in the trunk of my car, and they had a great day. 

another birdingpal was a buddhist monk from vermont, who had four target species, california thrasher, wrentit, nuttall's woodpecker, and yellow-billed magpie. 

we got all four, although the two firstmentioned skulkers turned out to be the easiest to see, and the expected easiest species, the magpie, turned up last.

that's one thing about being a birdingpal - when you think you know the birds, they have a way of teaching you how much you don't know about them. 
for instance, i've never seen it in print, but i've seen 75 yellow-billed magpies fly into a single tree at dusk in the middle of the winter to roost.

and i took some pals birding in late spring/early summer, and watched 165 yellow-billed magpies flying high in the predawn light out of the valley we were entering to look for them!

- d. lee, california, usa



we had a wonderful day with birding pal robert crnkovic in croatia last fall.  although we missed the window for migration robert still showed us many life birds,  

he is not only super knowledgable about the birds and all scientific names, but also other fauna and the history of the areas as well.  

it was delightful spending the day with robert--warm and professional!
- c. flaiz, march. 2024


i have made the most wonderful friends through birdingpal.org.  i have reached out to incredibly nice people who have volunteered their time and energy to pick me up and take me out to go birding either one or two days in a row while vacationing in the cooperstown, ny area and the park city, ut area.  

these will be lifelong friends that i currently keep in touch with weekly.

i look forward to using it on my next trip.  thanks so much for taking the time to set up this website and keeping it going over the years.  it is a true gift in so many ways!
- jean, aug. 2022



being a pal:

we have had several great birding days over the years in new jersey usa with our great birdingpals: p. in cape may and b. in northern new jersey, both of whom have become firm friends.
                        
now, we are awaiting our first-time visitor, dennis, to help him in our own area. can't wait!
                        
what a wonderful system this is. well done knud
                        

hosting a pal:

great - what a great feeling to host a pal having had several birding days with our pal/friends in nj usa.
                        
here in the center of england we may not have the hundreds of species that occur in the usa but we can offer some fantastic sights!  an example: our pal dennis from florida sent us a wide ranging list of european birds he would like help with.  several were already moving away from us for the winter, quite a few were never going to be seen in the uk but many more were either in our own back garden or at local reserves.
                        
so, saturday was spent at three different locations in and around the west midlands - it helped that sheila and i are members of both the west midland bird club and worcestershire wildlife trust.  not only was dennis able to tick off several from his list but he also was looking for mammals and at our first site of upton warren, he spotted two otters a 'first' for him and also for us at that location.
                        
the following day we took dennis to wales, which we insist was a new 'country'. anyway, the object was to see red kite and boy did we give him that species in abundance!  there were approximately 300 at the gigrin farm feeding station near rhayader.  dennis also managed to see 'our' treecreeper too.  inevitably we 'dipped' on some easy birds such as coal tit and green woodpecker, but dennis managed several at his hotel  later in the week.
                        
- clive & sheila of kingswinford, england


this is long overdue, but i just wanted to say thank you to your organization which puts people like me in touch with experienced birders around the world.
                        
i met up with m.z. in dartmouth, nova scotia in august of 2022 after making contact with him through birding pal.  he was very knowledgeable and friendly and it was a really great experience.  
                        
many thanks to both him and your organization for providing this opportunity for people to meet up like this.  it's a wonderful way to connect not only people with nature, but also people with other people, something which is hugely important in this time of global environmental and political crises.
                        
- e. taylor, japan


you guys are awesome. i will try you again on my next int'l trip...
                        
-p. stevens



what a responsive and helpful organization!
                        
no refund, thanks.
                        
kind regards 
                        - david bd



i want to thank birding pal for the opportunity to meet birdwatchers from other countries.
                        
last days we enjoyed the company of l. choong in malaysia who took us to see beautiful places in his country. with his vehicle we toured places he knew and showed us many species of birds. even though i do not speak english very well, we understood each other perfectly. 
                        
thank you very much birding pal and liung thank you very much for your willingness to accompany us throughout the day.
                        best regards from argentina. 
                        - graciela and hugo



i've used your site many times in locations all over the world!
                        thanks for keeping it going.
                        - a. grulich-jones 



hi.  i want to say that this website and the service it and you offer is absolutely tremendous.  i've hosted birders from other parts of the usa, spain, and the netherlands.  in return, i've been hosted in england, italy, hawaii, colorado, utah, and florida.
                        - m. chelemer



i really enjoyed using birding pal on my recent  ireland trip. i contacted 4 potential pals. of these i got replies from 3. i ended up spending a fine afternoon with d. mccabe -- he was an excellent driver and guide for the bays and wetlands around dublin.
                        
i plan to use birding pal again!
                        - e. bergman



i have had two birding pals. one in singapore and another on the sunshine coast in queensland australia and both have been excellent. i plan to continue with your organisation.
                            best wishes,
                            - b. graham



contact admin,
                            
on sunday, sept. 2nd, m. hows took me on a bird watching trip to 2 reserves in suffolk. i am an american who was studying at cambridge university for a week. m. hows gave me a wonderful day i added 21 birds to my life list.
                            
thank you to your organization and especially to m. hows.
                            - j. lane, minneapolis, minnesota



i had the best birding day of my life with a birdingpal in sydney, au years ago. 
                            thanks for your work.  
                            - jody



"i love this site and have contacted and been contacted many times making wonderful birding friends."
                            - v. elliott



i was fortunate enough to go out with b. lancaster in sydney yesterday.  he taught my sister and i so much about local birds and went out of his way to show us some marvelous things.
                            
thank you to birding pals and barry for making it possible.
                            
- g. nomis, south africa


i have been birding with many "pals" over a number of years and find usually it a very rewarding experience.
                            
i am lucky enough to travel relatively often and have today sent enquiries to "pals" in spain and venice.  
                            
i think birding pal is excellent.
                            
regards
                            - t. paternoster



we have used birding pal at least 4 times, always successfully; 
                            miami, florida;  anchorage, alaska;  buenos aires, argentina;  grand manan, canada.  
                            keep up the good work,
                            - keith & jade


hi... i had a wonderful birding experience in aruba.  our guide, o. rasmijn, met us at the cruise terminal and drove us to the bubali bird sanctuary and to the salt flats.  the highlight was seeing and photographing a large number of black-necked stilts, a young flamingo, and a troupial.
                             - j. rapp, florida

i had a great birding pal experience at st. kitts.
                            
p. hanley met us at the cruise ship and took my husband and me for a great day of st. kitts birding and island history.
                            
he is a kind and helpful man who knows where the birds can be found, and he is so knowledgeable about the island history.
                            
a wonderful day of birding!
                             - c. fulton


audubon's noah strycker's blog follows his challenge for 5,000 birds in one year!
                            


"...  today, though,
                                                i was more concerned with chasing the flashy types.
                                                i have connected through birding pal
                                                (a website where birders can find contacts in other countries)
                                                with two excellent costa rican birders, r. orozco and j. fernandez,
                                                and we're on a mission this week to track down some of costa rica's most eye-catching beauties."

- noah strycker
link: audubon.org features: birding without borders





hi,
                                i have been very happy with the two times i have used birding pal.
                                
a year ago i paid $10.00 usd, but i would prefer that you unsubscribe me now.
                                
when/if i'm in a position to use birding pal again,
                                
i will gladly pay the $10.00 at that time.
                                - bill w.

(admin: done.  we are glad to have you as a pal at anytime.  your passphrase is good for the rest of your year.  just so you know you can manage all of your paypal subscriptions at paypal.com)
                                    




i love birding pal.
                                
i have enjoyed my birding pal membership as it's enabled to to successfully find professional and nonprofessional birders when i travel to new areas.
                                - christine


my wife and i had a fantastic time in australia birding with
                                m. lister in sydney,
                                j. sarna in brisbane
                                and j. seale in cairns
                                
plus s. megy in singapore.
                                
all great birding pals!
                                
what  a great idea - connecting with fellow birders around the world.
                                thanks so much for allowing this to happen .
                                
- bill mcmartin
escarpment biosphere conservancy - director, land stewardship



thank you very much.
                            that was so kind!
                            i was able to send a message and paid the $10
                            i am now getting some good response.  my florida trip is now even more promising for great birding!
                            thank you,
                            - g'day, brent



birdingpal.org is a great site. easily worth the annual $10 for anyone birding away from home.
                            cheers john


i recently was led on a birding outing in the fontainebleau forest by a birding pal in paris, france. he was a wonderful guide and took care of many details.
                            great service!
                            - r. currie, california


contact admin,
                            just wanted to let you know that we had a fabulous time with birding pals and a birding pal professional guide recently in belgium, england, and poland.
                            
thank you so much for this site.
                            - j.


do you take visiting birders out?

i sure do take birders out each chance i get. still quit busy at work :). but if i can, i go out with them cause it's so much fun, and i know, from personal
                            experience, there is no field guide or web site or whatever that can replace the personal experience of a birder who knows his region well, and what
                            birds should be there and were. 
                            
so, if for whatever reason i can't get out or they are going to a part of the province that is far from moncton, i always try
                            and give them at least the best information possible and if possible contacts with local people, that i know would be open to birding with them.
                            
your
                            idea for this site was a stroke of genius and you should know that you have made a lot of people happy with it. thanks a million.
                            
good birding.
                            - leblanc, canada


thanks for a great website.
                            - regards, m and d lord, canada.

thanks for the delightful service you provide.  we've had birders from germany, spain, texas and a few from california. it is so wonderful to meet such dedicated and interesting people.
                            - julie and amir


i am very happy for seen me on birding pal website as a contact local birdwatcher in sierra leone. i appreciate that very much and i will ready to give my support as soon as i start getting contact from client who want to bird in my country.
                            
i will always keep in touch with birding pal.
                            best regard,
                            - m. sesay


i have used birding pal in florida with great success.
                            - ron


dear birding pal, we have used your web site 3 times for birdwatching tours.
                            in 2012 with moses kandie in kenya,
                            in 2013 with deogratius muhumuza in uganda.
                            
moses and deo were extremely good birders but also good organisers.  we would have no hesitation in recommending them or using them for another trip.
                            - helen and fabrice


great job, thank you so much dear vince.
                            happy birding to you too!
                            - roland


thanks for the quick reply, vince.
                            - jim
                                    --life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming: "wow--what a ride!"
                                


thanks for the quick reply.
                            - jeff
                                    --sent from my iphone


thank you,  that is a most generous response.  ...we won't be able to take advantage of your kind offer, but i appreciate your responding.
                            ~ deirdre


that's a relief! i did get some good suggestions for birding spots in arlington tx before my trip last march!
                            
thanks for the quick reply!
                            sincerely,
                            - fern

have your say.  send us your kudos.












contact us


contact pals incorporated








