







swami shyam's knowledge |








































skip to content



swami shyam's knowledge





satsang
meditation
swami shyam
archived posts
imi library
catalogs

divine knowledge series
satsang jewels


contact
 










guru current

posted on march 17, 2022 / questions and answers, satsang





date of satsang: january 16, 2005location: kullu, himachal pradesh, india 
milan: … as i am speaking, i am finding that these are all the things my mind is concluding. but one moment with you and everything i just said is completely irrelevant. so i am describing the process of a mind that thinks it exists, but being with you i see that it doesn’t. i tremendously value your presence! 
read more







akaran (causeless) explained

posted on october 4, 2021 / satsang, trip with swamiji





date of satsang: may 6, 2014location: karaun, himachal pradesh, india 
if you hear me saying the world is causeless, or a human being and humanity are causeless, you won’t understand. then what is to be done? that which can be brought so understanding can take place should be brought first; then it will be called “unfoldment.” if unfoldment is not there in a human being, he will not understand. but unfoldment of what? he is not a paper that rolls down and then he is unfolded. when we talk to human beings, we know they were born small children, who had no power to understand. but when they grew big, they began to understand what their mother, father, house, pets, and exhibits were and what the lawn, trees, and ground were. they knew how to play by sitting, picking up grass, taking it out and putting it in mud and mud in grass—all this a little child does. what happened to him that he began to do this? when he was being led in a perambulator, there were only his head and eyes and nothing else.
read more







the sesame seed and oil satsang

posted on july 13, 2021 / questions and answers, satsang





date of satsang: january 10, 2002location: kullu, himachal pradesh, india 
swamiji: we look like forms, but when forms were not there, what was there? when nandi was not there, what was she? and now that she is, what is she, shaardaji? shaarda: space [self, oneness]. swamiji: then what was she at that time? shaarda: space. swamiji: and what is your blanket? shaarda: the blanket is
read more







“you never existed” means freedom exists

posted on may 28, 2021 / questions and answers, satsang





date of satsang: june 12, 2015location: kullu, himachal pradesh, india 
parents have talked about name and form, which is why they are known by a child. yet the child is such a small unit of existence that neither has he the knowledge of his senses, nor of his form-body, with skin and limbs. it is parents who are responsible for giving their child knowledge. we
read more







how can you know unborn born or non-happening happening?

posted on january 22, 2021 / questions and answers, satsang, tea with swamiji





date of satsang: december 13, 2016location: kullu, himachal pradesh, india 
swamiji: this is a unique program. “unique” means it is not a program. everybody knows what unique means from his own side. that is why i do not have to ask each of you what you know, but what i know i will tell you. i know that a unique person cannot exist as a human head, heart, and hands if he is only a born human being. as such, he will never have any unique program. everybody is understanding a unique program as “my concept, my idea, my knowledge,” when all three are not there—neither an idea, nor a concept, nor any information about what is unique is there in unborn.
read more










1 

2 

3 

4 

» 







latest posts


guru current


akaran (causeless) explained


the sesame seed and oil satsang


categories

meditation

questions and answers

satsang

tea with swamiji

trip with swamiji















							©
							2025							i.m.i
						
						




















