






paul mitchell - antique and handmade replica frames
















































about us

the company & paul mitchell
clients
publications
photographic archive



services

frame appraisals & proposals
framing old master paintings
framing modern master paintings



frames

antique frames
handmade replica frames
mirror frames
a concise history of frames






works framed


news


contact


































































































what we do
paul mitchell ltd have over 45 years of experience in providing antique and bespoke frames for museums, private collectors, dealers, auctioneers and art agents worldwide.
paul mitchell ltd aims to optimise the presentation of a painting by judicious frame selection. the company’s extensive inventory from the 15th to the 20th century comprises italian, spanish, french, british and north european frames. together with past records, these provide clients with a wide selection from which they can choose an original or commission a high quality handmade replica frame, made by master craftsmen.
learn more










distinguished pictures framed











































































































































view more


 



before & after
























framing old masters
see examples of old masters such as rembrandt, holbein and bellini with unsuitable previous frames that have been transformed by being framed accurately.
learn more



























framing modern masters
see examples of modern masters such as modigliani, van gogh and cezanne with unsuitable previous frames that have been transformed by being framed accurately.
learn more



































our services
framing appraisals: we provide appraisals of frames on individual works and whole collections both private and public, describing period, nationality, quality, condition and suitability.  important frames are highlighted including pictures which could be improved by reframing.
framing proposals: we create montages of a client's picture in different frames to select from.
learn more











frames
























antique frames
our inventory of period italian, spanish, french, english, dutch and german frames provides an extensive choice for museum curators, private collectors, dealers, art agents and auctioneers worldwide.
learn more



























handmade replicas
our inventory of period italian, spanish, french, english, dutch and german frames provides an extensive choice for museum curators, private collectors, dealers, art agents and auctioneers worldwide.
learn more










clients

















































































































































































































see all






contact

admin@paulmitchell.co.uk
+44 (0)207 493 8732



address

                        17 avery row,
                        london w1k 4bf
                    


social

instagram
twitter
facebook





subscribe to our newsletter




































