





jerwood












































































jerwood


skip to main content






menu

home
about
funding
jerwood collection 
news
contact





menu







home





jerwood supports excellence and dedication in the arts in the uk.: jerwood foundation, jerwood collection and jerwood space





jerwood supports excellence and dedication in the arts in the uk.:  jerwood foundation, jerwood collection and jerwood space

photo: © manuel harlan


















pages
jerwood foundation
established in 1977 for john jerwood mc (1918-1991) by alan grieve cbe , at the time jerwood foundation's primary mission and purpose was to support young people in their education...









pages
jerwood collection
 









jerwood space









apply for funding
since 1991, jerwood has channelled over £110 million in support of the arts and education in the uk.
find out more
 




latest news









news
impermanence presents... powered by jerwood
february 17, 2025
jerwood foundation has awarded impermanence a total grant of £40,000 over two years, to launch impermanence presents… powered by jerwood; a programme presenting the work of sixteen cutting-edge choreographers at...









news
sound roots artist mentoring programme awarded grant
february 14, 2025
jerwood foundation is supporting the artist mentoring programme at sound roots, through its award of a total grant of £20,000 over the next two years. sound roots supports english folk...









news
hightide theatre: jerwood hightide writers group 
february 10, 2025
in a new partnership announced on 10th february 2025, jerwood foundation has awarded hightide theatre a total grant of £40,000 over two years to contribute to the jerwood hightide writers...









news
far from the norm: normground
february 3, 2025
in a new partnership announced on 3rd february 2025, jerwood foundation has awarded far from t he norm hip hop theatre company a total grant of £ 2 0,000 over...

















join our mailing list





first name *



last name *



email *















signup





            * denotes required fields
        


            we will process the personal data you have supplied to communicate with you in accordance with our privacy policy. 
            you can unsubscribe or change your preferences at any time by clicking the link in our emails.
        









annual reviewscapital projectssustainability
 


jerwood foundation is company incorporated in england and wales with company number 13515955 and a registered uk charity number 1197386
every possible effort has been made to locate and credit copyright holders of the material reproduced. jerwood foundation apologises for any omissions or errors, which can be corrected by contacting info@jerwood.org
 


instagram, opens in a new tab.youtube, opens in a new tab.join the mailing list




privacy policy
accessibility policy
cookie policy
manage cookies



                    copyright © 2025 jerwood foundation
            

                site by artlogic
        









we use cookies to improve your experience and to help our website run effectively. by using this website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our cookies policy.  

manage cookies
accept

















cookie preferences
check the boxes for the cookie categories you allow our site to use




cookie options

 strictly necessary
required for the website to function and cannot be disabled.


 preferences and functionality
improve your experience on the website by storing choices you make about how it should function.


 statistics
allow us to collect anonymous usage data in order to improve the experience on our website.


 marketing
allow us to identify our visitors so that we can offer personalised, targeted marketing.



save preferences













