



star enterprises
















































269-857-4324



stare@ix.netcom.com 










homeabout usstock designsstock aircraft designsstock boat designsproductstestimonialsmonthly specialscontact us


























homeabout usstock designsstock aircraft designsstock boat designsproductstestimonialsmonthly specialscontact us 












                                custom embroidery
                            

                                embroidery from photos
                            


inquiry now






















                            custom embroidery from
                        


your yacht photo



your aircraft photo



your boat photo













                            our product catalog
                        


shirts, jackets, hats



stock designs for boats & aircraft















                    about star enterprises
                


             why and how we were born as embroidery from photographs. as boat owners, we visited many boat shows looking at boats and different products. we wanted to buy some custom embroidered shirts with our boat and boat name, but could not find any designs that looked like our boat or lettering. you had to pick from a book and what you saw is what you got. we seen a need for custom work done from a customers own photo with their name as it was on the transom of the boat. thus, star enterprises was born.             


read more
















                    custom boat embroidery
                

                    send us your photo and we will custom embroider your boat shirt with exact colors and details onto polos, t shirts, jackets, caps, towels, bags, and more..                

inquiry now








                    custom airplane embroidery
                

                    send us a photo of your plane and we will create the graphics exactly of your aircraft with your "n" number and custom embroider it on shirts, caps, jackets and more.                

inquiry now

















see more product 







                    testimonials
                






                   hey, just wanted to drop a line, we took first place in the new york poker run for best dressed! thanks to you and all your great work.                 

                    al                  

                    new york                    ,                      ny                   



                  here we go again! we just bought a new boat. do some more of that great work you have been doing for us for the last 10 years. can’t wait!                 

                    hector                  

                    san juan                    ,                      pr                   



                   dominique, thank you for the great work and all the time you spent with me at the show.                 

                    joan harmen                  

                    chicago                    ,                      il                   



                  received my jacket today. i never expected you to be able to duplicate my plane with all the graphics and colors. the embroidery almost looks better than the plane and the colors match perfect! we will be ordering more.                 

                    thomas henderson                  

                    reno                    ,                      nv                   



                  i received my shirts today. great work!                 

                    brian                  

                    green bay                    ,                      wi                   



                  just received our shirts and jackets of our boat song of the sea. wow,better than we expected.                 

                    john and anne                  

                    annapolis                    ,                      md                   


















homecontact usproductsshowsprivacy policy 


            © copyright 2018. all rights reserved.
        







