mining history association




 






who we arethe mining history association (mha) is an organization of individuals interested in the history of mining and metallurgy. members include independent scholars, laypersons, college and university professors, historians, miners, geologists, retired mining industry personnel, and many others.
	  what we dothe mha holds an annual meeting with presentations on mining history topics, amazing field trips to historical mining sites, and an array of social functions; publishes a scholarly journal and a quarterly newsletter; and provides a forum for networking and discussion of the history of mining both on-line and off-line. 
 why is mining history important?history buffs from academics to amateurs are frequently asked what they like about mining history. click here to see how mha members are answering these questions.we invite you to join us today in thediscovery of our mining past!



		35th annual mining history association conference


		 


		save the date…


		join us in gunnison, colorado


		june 11-15, 2025





 
 


bookmark this page


for future conference information







call for presentations






the program committee of the mining history association invites proposals for 
				individual presentations or complete sessions (including a chair) on any topic or aspect of the history of mining, its 
				associated industries, and its communities. there are no temporal or geographic limits to topic material; however, presentations that address the mining history near the gunnison area or colorado in general are particularly welcome given the location of the conference. sessions normally include three papers of twenty minutes each. all presenters must register for the conference.
			proposals should include the title of each presentation, an abstract (not to exceed 500 words) for each presentation, and 
				biographical information including mailing/email address for each presenter. please send the written proposals via email attachments to eric nystrom 
				at 
				enystrom@unr.edu. submission by email is required.




				conference travel grants




				the program committee also awards two conference travel grants 
				of $750 each to defray the costs of attendance at the mha 
				conference. current 
				students (including graduate students) and former students are potentially eligible for a travel grant. to be eligible, former students need to have graduated 
				within three years of their application for funding. travel grant recipients must give a presentation at the conference. 
				to be considered for a conference travel grant, submit a cover letter addressed to the mha gunnison program committee, 
				along with your proposal by friday, january 5, 2025 to eric nystrom at 
				
				enystrom@unr.edu.  in the cover letter the applicant should express their interest in the grant opportunity, what they hope to gain out of 
				their conference attendance, and what significance their presentation is to mining history as a field.
				







park city 2024 photo 
		galleries are now online



socorro 2023 
photo galleries are now online
 
birmingham 2022 photo galleries are now online
take a virtual mining history tourexplore historic mining townsvisit legendary minessee amazing sceneryclick here to get started and check out some of our favorites

		 mining history search search: mining history journalour site this free script provided byjavascript kitsupport mining historyresearch and travel grants historical publications conferences and field trips awards  click on the donate button to make a donation to the mining history association via the secure square payment system.new on the web

		 


mha nuggets schedule for winter-spring 2025. 
		

		join us for the “mha nuggets” on-line programs the third tuesday of the 
		month, 7:00 pm central time.  zoom in and visit with your mha friends 
		and hear some interesting mining history presentations.

 

january 14, 2025. eamon mccarthy, “the mining legacy of j. ross browne: a 
		man of simplicity, sincerity, and goodness.”

 

february 18, 2025. peyton jackson, "mining history of the caribou and cross 
		gold mines of colorado"

 

march 18, 2025.  neil 
		huybregts, “william beauclerc otway.”

 

april 15, 2025. steve hart, “gunnison conference, field trip, and tour preview.”





		interested in giving a presentation? contact barb 
		clements for more 
		information.  check the mha facebook page for up-to-the-minute log-in 
		codes, program additions and changes.  past "nuggets" sessions and 
		presentations are on youtube.















		national museum of industrial history activities of interest to mining 
		historians. 
		the nmih, is located in the former electric repair shop building of the 
		bethlehem steel plant site in bethlehem, pa. it is a smithsonian 
		affiliate and part of the steelstacks arts and culture campus. 
		its expanding digital archive includes part of the 
bethlehem 
		steel corporation photograph collection
which includes the mines owned by the company in the u.s. and 
		overseas.


		 
on november 20th, 
		2024, the museum joined with lehigh university and the pennsylvania 
		historical and museum commission to host the dedication of a state 
		historical marker for 
		the 
		president pumping engine at the ueberroth zinc mine in the 
		friedensville mining district in nearby friedensville, pa. 
		the president began operation in 1872 for mine dewatering and was 
		reported to be “the most powerful stationary engine in the world.” 
		the engine was housed in the only remaining cornish-style engine 
		house in the u.s. 




2024 national mining hall of fame inductees. this year’s induction 
		banquet and gala will be held
		at the cable center, denver, colorado, on november 2, 2024. tickets are 
		available through the
		national mining hall of fame and museum website. this year’s inductees 
		are arthur c. daman
		(1889-1968), ronald gene dewey (1940-2023), dale b. elphinstone, patrick 
		m. james, and eero
		mäkinen (1896-1953). the 2024 prazen living legend of mining award will 
		be presented to alaska
		resource education.

new rio tinto kennecott database. rio tinto kennecott has placed online 
		a large collection of
		records and photographs from its corporate collection and contributions 
		from others. it is called “kennecott 
		groundbreakers” and has a lot to offer mining historians and the 
		general public.  it is a work in progress and 
		the developers are seeking
		contributions on the history of the mines and processing facilities, the 
		people, and communities. it
		preserves the history of the evolution on mining in the quirrha 
		mountains with the kennecott bingham
		canyon mine at its heart. however, a little searching revealed that it 
		also contains photos and information on other historic mines including the highland boy and apex, 
		us smelting refining and
		mining’s us and lark mine, the mercur and ophir districts, and the and 
		the international smelter in
		tooele.



missouri mining history on facebook. those who follow the mining history 
		association’s
		facebook page will already have discovered jake jones’ “missouri mining 
		history” contributions. if
		you attended the 2004 mha conference in farmington, mo (mo old lead 
		belt), or are planning to
		attend the 2026 conference in pittsburg, ks (tri-state mining district, 
		ks, mo, ok), you will enjoy
		jake’s facebook informative and well-illustrated posts.




		donald duck, miner and ironmaster. 
		the hagley museum, library, and archives in wilmington, delaware, 
		is a gem for tourists and historians alike. 
		they are located at the site of the well-preserved early dupont 
		powder mills along scenic brandywine creek.
		 the museum is a treasure trove 
		for those interested in industrial heritage. 
		the collection of patent models is of particular interest. 
		the mansion and gardens at the home of dupont founder, e. i. 
		dupont, are also open to visitors. 
		http://hagley.org  







		one of its many collections is the photographs and audiovisual materials 
		of the american iron and steel institute (aisi). while searching online 
		for photos of iron mines and furnaces, the writer came across a video of 
		an aisi promotional film, “steel in america,” by walt disney productions 
		in 1965.  in an unusual role, 
		donald duck portrays an ironmaster and miner who guides the viewer 
		through the history of ironmaking in america from the charcoal furnaces 
		of the colonial period to the taconite mining and steelmaking technology 
		of the 1960s.  it is well 
		done, entertaining, and worth a viewing. click 
		here to view.







































new mha brochure available.  the new tri-fold mha brochure can now be downloaded (click here). feel free to print as many two-sided copies as you need and pass them along to any organizations and people who share an interest in mining history and are potential mha members.





		tell rockhounds about mining history. 
		there are many rock, mineral, gem, and lapidary clubs located 
		across the country.  their 
		members often share an interest in mining history and learning where 
		their minerals came from.  a 
		new mha business card helps introduce the members of these clubs to the 
		mha and the photo galleries of historical mines available on the 
		website.  the cards can 
		easily be printed using business card stock (avery 8371, staples 
		heavyweight business cards, etc.) available at office supply store 
		(staples, office depot, and others). 
		you can click and download the ms-word files for the 
front side and 
		the reverse side. 
		after printing the front side just flip the paper over and print 
		the back side.  give the 
		cards to your local clubs and offer to make a short presentation at 
		their meetings.




















 
		 can’t find a “new on the web” item?  try the archives.   visit historic mining andmining - related sites, museums, and mine tours across america (click here)








all contents copyright 2011. this is a zstudios website. 