








chin-up strip












































 








the chin-up company
 | 
contact us in atlanta at 1-888-835-4563




















home
about
products
order now
inventor’s story
resllers/resources
testimonials
contact us
 












simply helping the world sleep








white horseshoe #11130








tan horseshoe #22230








tan boomerang #33330



over 10 million chin-up strips® sent to hospitals, re-sellers, and users worldwide.

click here to decide which strip is for you



rediscover dreams. we believe effective sleep therapy empowers people to rediscover their dreams, sleep comfortably and enjoy more good nights and great days!





			order @ chin-up co.		



















mouth breathing compromises adherence to nasal continuous positive airway pressure therapy.

 
 
click here to check out what we can do for cpap users
 








 
"sleep"

the amazing and dynamic journey between bed and breakfast. it can be a journey to a delightful tomorrow or a journey to a day of stress and fatigue. 
 
chronic loud snoring is a warning signal indicating tomorrow will be another day of stress and fatigue. as the number of days with stress and fatigue increase, the day of having to live with a major crisis gets closer.
 
during sleep a systemic journey healing mind and body determines tomorrow's wellness. if the journey is loud and rough, tomorrow is tired & dull.  if the journey is quiet and smooth, tomorrow is delightful.
 
primary nasal breathing is required for quiet sleep. if your breathing pattern changes to primary mouth breathing, chin-up strips can naturally maintain your primary nasal breathing and eliminate loud snoring.







 





							
							testimonials															



							hear it from our customers.							 







 





							
							loud snoring?															



							why does one snore?							 







 





							
							contact us															



							we would love to talk with you.							 






testimonials

 
 




maryland customer 
"dear mr. miller: i am cpap user and needed to prevent my mouth from opening. your chin-up strips® keep my mouth closed and don't cause misalingment of my jaw & eliminated jaw pain."

 







greg - boca raton fl
"i have sleep apnea & have to use cpap. i still had problems because my mouth opened while sleeping. my doctor suggested i try chin-ups. am i glad i did! they are great! since i started using them in 2006. i get a full night sleep. i use them every night and recommend to everyone with this problem."

 







jill - maryland
"i have been using your ‘white’ chin-up strips®. they are wonderful! i continue to discover benefits of the chin-up strips®. not only can my husband sleep, i don't have coughing fits at night and dry mouth in the morning."

 







kathy - tn
"you not only have a wonderful product. you also have wonderful customer service. thank you for going the extra mile. good doing business with you."

 







customer - new york
"i feel much better since i have been using the chin-up strips®! i had tried almost all the anti-snore things on the market. chin-up is the one that works for me."

 


 


















fda cleared in 2004
 
end dry mouth & oral venting with cpap.
 
safely limit mouth breathing comfortably.
 
reduce loud mouth snoring - first night.



chin-up strips® made in the usa!
 
helping the world sleep since 1999!
 
over 2 million chin-up strips® sent to japan.
 
over 1 million chin-up strips® sent to bssaa uk.

 








 the chin-up strip® company
1820 ridgemill terrace | dacula, ga 30019 | 1-888-835-4563 | 678-298-9988 fax

dmiller176@aol.com
 



chin-up strips®
 | 
powered by brandography


























