





hilton head vacation rentals | sea turtle getaways

























sea turtle getaways - hilton head vacation rentals




quick search scroller



mobile toggle



homes & villas

properties a-z
oceanfront properties 
pet friendly rentals
rentals with elevators



activities

beaches
golf
tennis
fishing
eco-tours
water sports
biking
shopping
dining
crafts
culture
day trips



important info

faq's
rental policies
you should know
privacy policy
save the turtles
our team



island info

general info
island history
driving
flying



property owners

our services
about us
owners login


real estate








recently viewed  0










favorites  0









 1-(866)-386-6644














arrival





departure





guests


3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12




bedrooms


0
1
2
3
4
5
6





submit
 submitting











welcome to sea turtle getaways
hilton head island's family vacations specialists



sea turtle getaways welcomes you to our website! we hope that you will find the perfect vacation home or villa from our fine selection of properties here on hilton head island. sea turtle getaways offers privately owned homes and villas in sea pines plantation, north and south forest beach, shipyard plantation, palmetto dunes and singleton beach. all of our accommodations are fully equipped to meet your expectations. whether you are in search of an oceanfront home or a villa on a golf course, at sea turtles getaways we promise you will find the perfect vacation accommodation!hilton head island is best known for its 12 miles of the most beautiful beaches found on the east coast. our island is the 2nd largest barrier island on the east coast and is home to a variety of wildlife. on any given day your family may encounter a bottlenose dolphin, snowy egret, blue heron, white tailed deer, an occasional manatee or a lazy alligator basking in the sun.discovered by capt. william f. hilton in 1663, our island offers your family an endless variety of outdoor activities including fishing, biking, tennis, daytrips, eco-tours and more! with over 30 golf courses in the surrounding area to choose from, hilton head is sure to please all levels of golf enthusiasts too.each season of the year brings a surprise to our island. every summer the loggerhead sea turtles return to our island to lay their eggs in the warm sand of our beaches. in the fall our beaches are spotted with the monarch butterflies on their migratory journey to south america. our mild winters bring an array of sand dollars and starfish to our uncrowded beaches and the freshest of oysters come from our ocean. in the spring, it is quite possible that you might spot a newborn deer calf beneath the flowering azaleas found across our island.please take a moment to browse our web-site. we offer an outstanding variety of hilton head island vacation rentals including: one bedroom, two bedroom, three bedroom, four bedroom, five bedroom, six or more bedroom beach homes, villas & condos!you may search for availability & book on-line; or you may prefer to speak to us directly at 1-866-fun-on-hh (1-866-386-6644). we are a privately owned company so our office and our reservations staff are located "on-island" and can answer all of your questions. at sea turtle getaways, we offer over 40 years of combined experience in the vacation rental business on hilton head island and would love the opportunity to work with you regarding your vacation needs.




read more
property management
specials
















specials





specials

come check out the unique specials that we offer! 

more details






on hilton head island, sc, there is so much to do!





on hilton head island, sc, there is so much to do!

hilton head offers the perfect blend of beaches, marshes, plenty of trees, and plenty of sun!

more details






own a vacation home? thinking about buying one?





own a vacation home? thinking about buying one?

if you or someone you know has a fabulous hilton head vacation rental property, you will want to ...

more details






we are social and we want to hear from you.





we are social and we want to hear from you.

we would love to hear from you! you can find us on facebook, instagram, and more!

more details






learn about where we live





learn about where we live

hilton head island has a long, rich history, both natural and man-made!

more details









recent client testimonials
hear what some of our clients have said about us



“
we have always enjoyed renting from sea turtle getaways. we have used this company for more than 12 years. from start to finish, the process has always been easy & consistent. the home descriptions have always been accurate and our places have always been perfect upon arrival. the management team has always been helpful and friendly. any questions or concerns are always addressed in a timely manner. we wouldn’t rent from anyone else. thanks for helping make our vacations wonderful!!


mark and lindsay moussette, return guests, multiple units




“
i wanted to thank renee and dakota for the wonderful experience my wife and i had staying in a sea turtle getaways property. the home, service, cleanliness and location were exceptional.
we got lost (yes on an island) and we called the office. renee took the time to guide us back to where we were staying on singleton beach!

we look forward to returning next year!

thank you!


russ and pascale, guests, 5 singleton




“
i had tried the monster sized rental companies. then i realized i didn't want any monsters in my life! renee & dakota personally inspect my home & this tells me they care about my home as much as i do. i couldn't be happier with my decision.



chris martin, owner, 16 full sweep, palmetto dunes




“
renee & dakota have succeeded in producing happy guests and high revenues, plus my housekeeping & maintenance have never been better. sea turtle getaways has given me total peace of mind.



larry hart, owner, 5 singleton beach








return to top









search

search




quick links

home
homes & villas
contact
about us



contact

sea turtle getaways

61 arrow road, suite b
hilton head island, sc 29928

1-(866)-386-6644
1-(843)-842-6000
click here to email us





e-newsletter






leave this field empty 


fn-firstname



fn-lastname



fn-email








 
i agree to receive information about your rentals, services and specials via phone, email or sms. 
you can unsubscribe at anytime. privacy policy



reset form



subscribe
 subscribing








copyright © 2025 sea turtle getaways. all rights reserved.

website design by intercoastal net designs










clear dates
close



























