























better vision - better vision


























































    



 













click to learn about the program for better vision

0 items
  
 
 










home
products

supplements

> eyemax plus
> advanced eye formula
> ocu-omega
> bilberry
> ginkgo biloba
> eyedrops


vision programs

> the program for better vision
> program for better vision book
> the advanced program for better vision
> read without glasses method
> advanced read without glasses method
> erase astigmatism
> plus lens


events & lectures


test your vision
vision conditions

find a doctor


about us
testimonials
view cart
sign up
 





select page


  
 



 



 








join thousands of people who are seeing better today without lenses, medication, or surgery.your vision is precious. care for it wisely.
get started today






welcome 
if you are wondering how to improve your eyesight or whether it is even possible to do so, you have come to the right place.
our mission today is the same as it was more than 35 years ago when the cambridge institute for better vision was founded: offer the best vision programs, nutritional supplements, and audio events and lectures for vision improvement. here’s where you will find natural, safe and effective solutions to help you improve your vision and make your eyes healthier.
over the years the cambridge institute has collaborated with many experts in the field of vision care to bring you the best products to support you on your path to better vision. since 1976 our company has been contacted by over a quarter of a million people from around the world who are looking for a better way to approach eye and vision care.







“there are but few informed, courageous and qualified leaders concerned with those persons seeking to improve their vision. i believe that the cambridge institute for better vision offers realistic alternatives to glasses and deteriorating vision.”
dr. leslie h. salov, director, the vision & health center, whitewater wi







 our approach
at the cambridge institute for better vision we take a holistic approach to vision care. rather than relying on lenses, surgery, or medication, natural eye care enhances the eyes’ natural ability to see. unlike glasses, contacts, medication, or surgery, which only aim to understand and treat the problem at face value, our approach targets the root of the problem to actually heal and repair vision. if you are tired of deteriorating eyesight and stronger prescriptions, or being told there is nothing you can do to help your eyes, our approach can offer you hope. it’s never too soon or too late to start taking care of your eyes. whether you’ve just discovered a problem, have been wearing glasses your whole life, or have perfect eyes and want to make sure they stay that way, we are here to support you.








 
 
 
 
 

nutritional supplements

all of our nutritional supplements and eye drops have been formulated using top-quality ingredients and manufacturing processes.




 
 
 
 
 

vision improvement programs

our vision programs are expertly designed to guide you through a progression of vision practices that will help improve your eyesight.




 
 
 
 
 

audio events and lectures 

over the years we have worked with experts in the field to create audio events and lectures packed full of valuable information and insights.







what we can help with
we offer natural approaches to vision problems of a medical nature including:
cataracts, glaucoma and macular degeneration.
 we offer methods for helping common vision problems of all kinds including:
 • nearsightnedness • farsightednsess • presbyopia • binocular vision problems • astigmatism
• eye imbalances • poor night vision • eye strain and discomfort • computer-related eye problems







some common vision conditions that we can help with*:
there may be more than one product that could help your vision condition. please see the vision conditions for more information about vision and recommendations about which product to use.
 








cataracts
developing cataracts is not a sign of aging but a message that your visual system and your body are out of balance...
 



what we recommend >
 






macular degeneration
macular degeneration is widely recognized as one of the more nutritionally responsive conditions...
 



what we recommend >
 






presbyopia
presbyopia is the gradual loss of your eyes' ability to focus on nearby objects. it's a natural part of aging...
   



what we recommend >








astigmatism & more
here you will find all of the products that we offer for nearsightedness, astigmatism and more...
 



what we recommend >
 
 



 








questions or concerns• faqs
• sitemap
more information on:find a doctor
vision conditions
disclaimer 
the information contained herein is for informational purposes only and does not establish a doctor-patient relationship. please be sure to consult your eye doctor or physician before taking this or any other product. consult your physician for any health problems. this site is not meant to diagnose or treat any medical conditions of the visual system. 

sign up for better vision emails! sign up for better vision emails and we'll keep you on top of the latest news about better vision, new products and great promotions! 




 



home
affiliate program
privacy policy
disclaimer
contact us
 
 


© 2016 cambridge institute for better vision  |  all rights reserved.
*disclaimer: the information contained herein is for informational purposes only and does not establish a doctor-patient relationship. the information/products on this website are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. consult your eye doctor or physician for any health problems or before taking this or any other product and anyone with a medical disorder or persistent problem is advised to consult their health care practitioner. individual results may vary, and testimonials are not claimed to represent typical results. the statements on this website have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. 
 

 
 
 


















