



government contract lawyers - federal contract law consulting - federal protest litigation attorney - malyszek & malyszek























home
about us
blog
contact us













 home
government contract litigation support
government contract consulting
business development
seminars and events
contract case files
sign up for email updates









features and services we offer


















home

our government contracting consultants work on a wide range of the most simple to the most complex government contracting issues. 
malyszek & malyszek has transitioned to a government contract consulting firm, meaning that our consultant's primary focus is to resolve government contract matters without the need for litigation. our consulting firm does not have attorneys on staff. when or if legal advice is needed we can help guide our clients to the right government contract attorney. 
if litigation is needed we work with our client's corporate counsel or outside independent government contract attorneys. using our vast network of government contract attorneys we guide our clients in hiring the right government counsel based on their current need.    
our consultants work exclusively on behalf of government contractors and subcontractors in all areas of federal government contract consulting matters. our government contract consultants focus is federal government contracting including:

supporting bid protests, bid protest critical deadlines 
request for equitable adjustments (rea's) and claims
supporting appeals to the boards or united states court of federal claims and the gao.
alternatives to govcon litigation 
government contract consulting during contract performance 
dcaa, dcma issues, and audits. 
termination for convenience maximizing claim recoveries.   
business development and proposal writing

​ 
our government contract consulting firm's only focus is on federal contracts. 
 
in 1967 our founder, walter j. malyszek, started the firm, and malyszek & malyszek is still family-run after 45 years. 
robert malyszek (not an attorney) heads the consulting division, which consults on any, and all, aspects of federal government contracting issues.
gary malyszek (not an attorney) heads our business development division. the business development division specializes in assisting government contractors with the development of the contracting process. this includes proposal writing, review, and far comprehension. for contractors that conduct business with the federal government, we have solutions ensuring proper contract vehicles.
malyszek & malyszek consultants have helped both domestic and international government contractors resolve government contract issues, while avoiding costly litigation. when there is a need for a federal government contract attorney or litigation becomes necessary, our highly experienced and competent team of attorneys and litigators are available to tackle even the most complicated contracting cases.
malyszek & malyszek is a comprehensive government contracting consultancy and legal support firm. our experience, knowledge, and client-focused approach will help ensure the success of your government contracting efforts.




  




recent articles
an update on how  false claims act damages  are calculated.settlements of false  claims act allegationsrecent settlements of  false claims act cases




contact us









get connected












home | about us | practice areas | blog | contact us | division heads | events | case files | sitemap 
 
copyright © 20​24 malyszek & malyszek. all rights reserved.

washington, d.c. offices: 202-738-5077
los angeles, ca offices: 310-775-2525








