




      





 





 
raymond a. mason school of business: william & mary | mbas, one year masters, undergraduate
























menu




scroll to next section











close




search raymond a. mason school of business


submit
					search



undergraduate


graduate


careers


alumni


faculty




about


corporate education


executive partners


giving






raymond a. mason school of business: william & mary | mbas, one year masters, undergraduate






unparalleled experience
unrivaled outcomes
an education as dynamic as business itself—aspire to something higher at william & mary's raymond a. mason school of business. from innovative, interdisciplinary coursework to hands-on, real-world experience, each new day is an investment in your future success. other business schools tell you what you have to do. we ask you to imagine what you will do.


about us


in the news











             our legacy of success. your path to excellence.
            


the raymond a. mason school of business is proud to build on a lasting legacy of success. here you'll receive the same tools for career advancement and achievement that make a william & mary degree one of the nation's most sought-after credentials—from our unsurpassed academics to our top-ranked faculty and unparalleled corporate engagement opportunities.
a world-class education starts here.








undergraduate







graduate




undergraduate


graduate







statistics





6 degree opportunities



12 specialized areas of study



13:1 student-faculty ratio



20,000+ business school alumni network












leadership & business podcast

w&m's athletic director brian mann joins us in "the changing landscape of college athletics" episode to discuss nil, revenue sharing, and the significant changes taking place in college athletics.


listen now












people of mason


              the raymond a. mason school of business cultivates bold leaders equipped for lives of principled achievement. meet the members of our community who are leading on campus and around the world, and find out how our alumni have used the knowledge gained at william & mary to forge their own path.
            

read more













maeve marsh
bba '23; undergraduate business major



                            growing up, i was really interested in art, and as i got older, i discovered this passion for the intersection of business and art history. i found when i was looking for colleges there wasn't really a place to study both except for william & mary. i liked that the mason school had the quantitative aspects needed for a business degree but was also humanities-focused by teaching leadership and other soft skills. i also liked how passionate the students are—inside and outside of the business school—about different things. i knew i would be able to grow and discover more about myself in a college setting at william & mary.





open











lorenzo woods
macc '22; residential



                            the connection between william & mary and my undergraduate program and my advisor and previous alums furthered my interest in the macc program. the relationships i cultivated during my undergrad only reinforced my perceptions of william & mary. i saw firsthand how the program helped propel individuals and aid in their success. the raymond a. mason school of business focuses on a rigorous curriculum and principled achievement, where an emphasis is placed on enhancing soft skills and professional integrity. i knew the program would assist me in my career. they have an excellent placement rate and close ties with the most renowned companies. i knew this would benefit me both in the present and future as i continue to build my career and network.





open











natalia pinel lara
mba '23; full-time, finance specialization



                            one of the most relevant ways that william & mary has helped me grow my network has been through the executive partner program. however, the network within william & mary is not limited to that. my cohort is formed by people from very different backgrounds and countries, and thus, is another big source for networking. but really, anyone you meet within the william & mary community has helped me broaden my network.





open











giovanni donatelli
mba '15; executive



                            the executive mba program is packaged so well that now i'm able to jump from department to department, discipline to discipline, and solve a myriad of problems. it taught me how to solve problems with colleagues who are peers and may not have the same viewpoint as me and how to make sure my goals are met while also meeting the goals of colleagues around me who have a different motivation—william & mary gave me the tools to do this.





open











carmen anthony
mba '17; part-time



                            while i was in the program, a director position came up with our sister company, water country usa, and i got that promotion. i know being in the part-time mba program at william & mary helped me to be able to get that promotion. i was neck and neck with people who were just as qualified, but the difference being, i was working towards that degree and taking my own time to grow and develop. it gave me more confidence, and i stood out as a candidate.





open











frank wan
msba '22; residential



                            i did a project for my database management course, and i worked on a project for one of my professors as part of my graduate assistantship. i had never done a practical project before in an academic setting, and these two experiences gave me a lot of insights into the real-world way of business analytics. when i was interviewed by different companies as part of my job search, they always asked me about these projects—what techniques i used to design them, what tools did i use, what were the results that i concluded? i knew how to answer every question because of my hands-on experience.





open





previous
next




read more








centers & resources


                at the raymond a. mason school of business, there's a wealth of opportunity when it comes to expanding your world. get connected and get involved with one of our many centers of excellence. designed to foster a spirit of community as well as to help you grow your social circles and build an extensive network that will serve you far into the future and help define the course of your career.
                








the boehly center for excellence in finance







center for online learning







the entrepreneurship hub







center for military transition







ukrop studio for innovation & design







idea hub






news







                    loading...
                







professor john strong highlights airline industry consolidation as key factor in market challenges








loading...








alumna chelsea mandello wins national entrepreneur of the year award 








loading...




more news





events







previous
next












facebook
linkedin
x
instagram
youtube

williamsburg, va
contact us



audiences



undergraduate


graduate


corporate education


careers


alumni


faculty




resources



mcleod library


hire w&m


employment at mason


myw&m


mymason















accessibility | 
consumer information | 
non-discrimination notice | 
policies | 
privacy & security

©2025 all rights reserved.

















