







nanosys























































































































        home
      

              roadmap
            

              science
            



              about
            

              journal
            












































































homeroadmapscience











aboutjournal









scroll






  

the future of display is brighter and bolderwe’re lowering the production barriers for the most advanced display technology, using quantum dots to create visual experiences that are bolder, brighter, and more immersive than ever before.








70m+units shipped



1500+skus since 2013



800+patents





















  

don’t settle for subpar technologyby making quantum dot display widely accessible, we have made it the leading technology in the advanced tv market. consumers might not know it, but these nanometer-sized man-made crystals are making their viewing experience better by allowing for more energy-efficient and vibrant products.

 






            pure color
          










led and oled displays require inefficient filters to shape the original light source into the different colors we see, wasting the energy it takes to produce them. the final image isn’t nearly as bright or colorful as a quantum dot display.








            environmentally friendly
          










we’ve enabled the very first 100% heavy metal-free quantum dot tvs and monitors since 2015, and have continued to work towards reducing the display industry’s reliance on heavy metals.








            cost-efficient manufacturing
          










nanosys’ slide-in quantum dot sheet makes it easy for manufacturers to integrate it into any display stack without having to invest in expensive equipment.








            form factor flexibility
          










with nanosys’ quantum dot technologies, manufacturers can create devices with limitless variations of size, shapes, use cases, and applications.

























  

experience content the way it was meant to becreators produce incredible visual experiences that transport us to foreign and imaginary worlds, but the majority of viewers are limited by the quality of their screens. nanosys’® display technology provides a hyperreal color palette that gives viewers an experience beyond the limits of what can be seen in nature.








a superior visual experiencenanosys’ quantum dots emit colors so pure that we can reproduce nearly all of the colors seen in nature, and 100% of colors used in movies.

 

the brightest display imaginablebecause each tiny quantum dot transforms light into pure color, your display can show you a perfect sunrise, without any excess energy being wasted.

 

crisp and precise deliveryquantum dots can be switched on and off in mere billionths of a second. from movies to games, this high speed provides for incredibly smooth motion in any fast-paced and action-packed scene.

  




 

we forecast quantum dot tv will become the mainstream tv.”— dr. jennifer colegrove, principal analyst, quantum dot 2021 report, 8th edition,  touch display research inc.

 




 









   




 

an industry-disrupting combinationjoin us on a journey beyond the boundaries of consumer display technology.

  

quantum dotwe’ve already made quantum dot technology ubiquitous. simply visit a store near you to experience the difference.



qd-oledthe combination of oled and quantum dots is changing the way displays are made. we’re taking on the challenge of improving oled picture quality for mass commercialization.



the future of displaythe future of display is emissive, flexible and cost effective. nanoleds will bring us closer than ever before to technology we’ve only ever seen in sci-fi movies.explore the roadmap






 









 

creating the future of displayat nanosys we believe that an innovation’s true value can only be unlocked with a clear plan for making it accessible. with this in mind, we have invested in years of difficult engineering to bring quantum dots to market and making it easy and cost-efficient for manufacturers to integrate into their products without investing in new equipment.

 

our team has created the market for quantum dots display

   






















































 




   

untapping potential growth

  

by doing business with nanosys you are investing in an already ubiquitous technology that has incredible untapped potential for growth and diversification. explore the roadmap.

   

advancing display quality and manufacturing techniques isn’t just about creating better tvs. we’re working on making disruptive technology accessible, bolstering innovation across a wide array of industries including consumer electronics, healthcare, and agriculture.

 




   

faqs








            quantum dots sound made up. what are they?
          










quantum dots might not be visible by the human eye, but they are real. at 2-8 nanometers in diameter, these teeny tiny man-made crystals behave as semiconductors: they emit energy in the form of light when excited by either light or electricity. there are trillions of these tiny crystals inside each quantum dot display.








            what’s the future of quantum dot technology? a better tv?
          










the technology that we are developing can be leveraged across an infinite amount of industries and products. to learn more about how our innovation will be evolving, check out our roadmap.








            are quantum dots displays difficult to produce?
          










they used to be, but our engineers and scientists have worked to make this technology easy to integrate into existing products. manufacturers can insert nanosys quantum dot sheets into their products without having to invest in expensive machinery.








            are quantum dots displays expensive to produce?
          










quantum dot displays used to cost $300 per square meter to produce. thanks to our scientists' hard work, we have reduced the cost to less than $15 per square meter. this technology provides an incredible viewing experience at a lower cost, ensuring an incredible consumer value with a high return on investment for product manufacturers.








            what's the difference between lcd/oled displays, and those with nanosys technology?
          










nanosys technology brings unmatched color, realistic brightness and unlimited design flexibility to consumer electronics products.





 





















01 header



02 stats



0a illustration



04 value proposition



0b illustration



06 value proposition



06 value proposition list



08 testimonials



0c illustration



07 the plan



08 guide



09 conclusion



10 faqs



0d illustration
























tiny dots, big ideas™learn more about the people and the ideas that are propelling us into the future of display technology.




    read the point™
  

  

home﻿﻿roadmapsciencejournalpodcast﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿

 

aboutnewsroomcareerscontact

 



























 



get our newsletter every monday at 10am




email address






signup






thank you!







@2023 shoei electronic materials, inc. all rights reserved. design by detraform



privacy policyterms of use﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿patent & trademark notice﻿﻿iso 9001:2015 certification
























top 









×


































