


living in line




































































homewelcome in.
balancing sessionexperience a healthy nervous system.

what is a balancing session ?
request an appointment


about living inlineour past, present & future.

meet the family
frequently asked questions
newsletter archives


our health e-store
contact ushow can we help ?

contact us
request an appointment
newsletter sign up
free ebook


 






 












 



we have embraced children of all ages and encourage parents to help their children have healthy spines and nervous systems. the spine is literally the life line.we even have a spacial rate for kids 12 and under.the body electricwe gently re-distribute the electrical patterns that travel through the nervous system using slow movements that target the specific areas in need.welcomewe look forward to meeting you. 



    dear friend,			  				it is our sincere pleasure to welcome you to this very special resource for information, tools, and strategies designed to help you live your most dynamic life possible while still remaining 100% balanced.

click here to learn more >        balancing session for all			  				one of the most enjoyable experiences that you can indulge in at living inline is the living inline balancing session. these sessions focus on enhancing your body's ability to more greatly dissipate stress and much more ! learn more here >        the blueprint of your spine			  				at living inline, we are committed to helping you live your life in balance while still achieving all that you desire!  living inline offers you a unique life care model which incorporates both the essence of health care & the dynamics of coaching. go now >    




newsletter sign up join our newsletter today and start to receive our famous dr j weekly  newsletters and dr. elissa and dr stephanie’s
coaching and nutrition strategies. 








email:


















captcha code:





leave this field empty















online form 
contact info phone: 480.704.2787
fax: 480.704.2788

4221 e. chandler blvd.
suite 114
phoenix, arizona 85048
info@livinginline.com










home
balancing session
about living inline
our health e-store
contact us
 
				brought to you by: z.conceptz™ 


















