



home | museum of art and archaeology 









home - museum of art and archaeology

            



















skip to navigation
skip to content










mu logo


university of missouri





search


search









college of arts and science

museum of art and archaeology










main navigation


menu





visit


calendar


visit & tours




learn


for the community


for researchers


other programs


publications




exhibitions


collections


collections


museum in 30 objects


collections management


collections research




get involved


get involved


support the museum




about us


mission & governance


museum staff


museum history




























 

off


visit us
arrive curious. leave inspired.
plan your visit




 


a perennial favorite
art in bloom


april 26-27, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. save the date for the museum's annual celebration of fine art and fresh flowers. participating local florists sculpt beautiful arrangements to adorn our galleries using flowers and greenery as their palette. art in bloom is free and open to the community, with extended viewing hours and special events including floral-themed activities for families.
view the 2024 art in bloom exhibit



 










news and announcements




 

ma&a art of the book club spring 2025
 

ma&a selected to participate in the collections assessment for preservation
 

perfectly pocket-sized


more news










discover the collectionthe museum's collections include more than 16,000 objects from six continents and span five millennia – from prehistory to the present.

collections





 


art & info for your inbox


sign up for the museum of art and archaeology's newsletter to receive information about exhibitions and special events. 
sign up


 






 



art-o-mat


visit our art vending machine, art-o-mat, to purchase original works of art including paintings, sculptures, jewelry, and mixed media objects. tokens available in the museum store. 
more info



 
























mu logo


university of missouri













contact
museum of art and archaeology
520 s 9th st | room 1, ellis library | columbia, mo 65211
phone: 573-882-3591






facebook account





instagram account











mu is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to title ix and 34 cfr part 106. for more information, visit mu’s nondiscrimination policy or the office of institutional equity.
© 2025 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information. privacy policy












