














community bank in vt and nh | passumpsic bank





































































close

search


 
 














menumenupersonal





 


checking accounts

kasasa cashkasasa cash backkasasa tunessenior free checking 
 


savings accounts

kasasa saverstatement savingsmoney market savingshealth savings accountyouth statement savingssavers club 
 


cds

fixed-rate cdsyouth cdscd specials 
 


ira accounts

roth iratraditional ira 
contact a branch manager 
 

business





custom html 


business deposit accounts

business checkingsmall business checkingbusiness now accountmunicipal nownon-profit checkingnon-profit plus checking 
 


business savings & cds

statement savingsmoney market accountbusiness cdsep iras 
 


business loansbusiness servicesmerchant services 


non-deposit servicesadditional servicescontact a commercial banker 
 

lending





home equity lines of credit


		home equity lines of credit
	

		convenient access to funds to get things done.
	

learn more

 


mortgages

fixed rateadjustable ratefirst-time homebuyer programs 
 


home equity products

home equity lines of credit 
 


personal loans

kasasa loan 
business loans 


contact a universal banker 
 

investingcustomer center





open account


		open an account
	

		you can now open accounts online.
	

learn more

 


order checkstravel notificationscurrent ratesflood assistance & information for vermont residents and businesses 


accessibilityadditional servicesonline banking & digital servicebank holidays 2025 


security & customer protectioncommunity impact 
 

contact us





giving


		careers
	

		pursue your passions.
	

learn more

 


locationslet's connectaboutgivingpassumpsic bank charitable fund 
 

open accountlogin 














fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government




















we know a great deal when we see one. special:9-month cd or ira: 4.25% apy* 
get details! 

































we know a great deal when we see one. special:9-month cd or ira: 4.25% apy* 
get details! 




















want to stay up-to-date & aware of the latest frauds and scams targeting consumers? we've compiled the current best practices and contact information, learn more here. 

















your community bank. and so much more.passumpsic bank is committed to providing you with the products and services you need, backed by the expertise and guidance you deserve. 


















we aren’t going anywhere.
we first opened our doors in 1853 and we are here to stay! we’re growing and focused on being the bank you can always depend on.



we have career openings.
looking for a job? then look at us! but don’t settle for just a job; find a career and a future without limitations.



we are committed to change.
we want to have a lasting impact on our communities through giving and helping however we can in sustainable ways.

 










































personal banking

hello, friend! discover personal banking the passumpsic way. what are your goals? the more we know, the more you’ll grow.
learn more

 










business banking

choose from a variety of products including money market accounts and certificates of deposit, and watch your business thrive.
learn more

 












								9-month cd or ira: 4.25% apy*			

we know a great deal when we see one.
get details!

 










								reduce, renovate, and refresh.			

unlock the equity in your home!
learn more

 










								why is there a bank in the woods?			

better question: why aren't there more banks in the woods?
find out












news



don’t call it a comeback

your community bank isn’t as traditional as you might think…

continue reading

10 min.


		share
	

















news



passumpsic bank welcomes james murphy to board of trustees

passumpsic bank is proud to announce the appointment of james…

continue reading

3 min.


		share
	












 











 february 14, 2025 

 we’d like all of our valued and appreciated customers to know, all of our locations will be closed monday, feb. 17, in recognition of president’s day! we hope you can enjoy a long weekend!


view on facebook






 february 13, 2025 

 man’s best friend always looks out for your best interests. us, too! that’s why we’re offering a cd special with a great rate! stop by your friendly neighborhood passumpsic bank branch to open your account today.
https://hubs.la/q036cfmq0


view on facebook






 february 13, 2025 

 happiest of birthdays to willey’s store in greensboro, vt! how many happiest of birthdays, you ask?! how about 125! hats off to the willey’s crew for not just surviving, but adapting, thriving, and remaining a community staple for so many years. well done!
willey's store inc.


view on facebook






 february 11, 2025 

 you know today is tuesday, but did you know it’s also national safer internet day?! this day of awareness was created to promote online safety, so spread the word about using technology responsibly, respectfully, critically and creatively! with great power comes great responsibility and we can all do our part.


view on facebook




















newsletter sign up
stay up to date on our latest promotions and community efforts.





















bank
personal
investment
business
lending
 

about
careers
about us
community impact
news & events
 

support
customer center
online banking & digital service
order checks
travel notifications
 

 contact uslogin



	+1 (800) 370-3196


	+1 (802) 748-3196



find a location



	routing number: 211674775











 


for debit card issues, call 1 (800) 370-3196 during regular business hours, or 1 (833) 809-9954 nights, weekends, or holidays.






© passumpsic bank 2025. all rights reserved
member fdic. equal housing lender.
sba preferred lender. nmls #463952


















robert thompson
assistant vice president, passumpsic bank
investment advisor representative, registered representative - osaic institutions, inc.
registered finra series 7, 63 & 65
robert is based in our st johnsbury, danville & lyndonville offices meeting with clients helping them meet their financial planning goals. previous to joining passumpsic financial advisors robert was a trust officer with community financial services group for several years acting in a dual role also providing investment services with lpl financial as a registered representative. robert and his family live locally in the northeast kingdom.











 

			×			
















ryan thompson
assistant vice president, passumpsic bank
investment advisor representative, registered representative - osaic institutions, inc.
registered finra series 7 & 66
ryan joined passumpsic financial advisors in march of 2023, covering the north country of nh communities. ryan brings a wealth of knowledge to the position having previously been with citizens bank as avp, private client advisor and a financial advisor with edward jones. ryan lives locally in danville with his wife and daughter.











 

			×			








michael worden
assistant vice president, passumpsic bank
investment advisor representative, registered representative – osaic institutions, inc
registered finra series 7 & 66
michael is based in our newport office meeting with clients helping them meet their financial planning goals. michael joined passumpsic financial advisors in 2015 as a financial consultant, having previously been employed by edward jones investment services. he looks forward to working with customers in the northeast kingdom of vermont to meet their financial planning goals. michael is registered in securities and licensed in annuities and long-term care insurance.




			×			








daniel j. kimbell
executive vice president, managing director, passumpsic bank
daniel has over 40 years of experience in investment management, financial planning, estate planning fiduciary relationship management and retirement funding. prior to joining passumpsic financial advisors 22 years ago he served as financial consultant/avp at td banknorth wealth management where he was responsible for managing personal trust relationships and private endowment funds.




			×			








ryan j. stewart
vice president, chief investment officer
ryan has over 28 years of experience in the areas of securities analysis, securities trading, investment planning, and portfolio management.




			×			








daphne bullock
vice president, trust administrative officer & operations manager
daphne has been with passumpsic financial advisors since 2019. she is responsible for the administration of trust, estate, probate, agency and retirement accounts.




			×			








angela roy
assistant vice president, investment analyst
angela joined passumpsic financial advisors in 2019, having previously worked for passumpsic bank. angela is responsible for assisting the chief investment officer in the management of pfa’s stock and bond portfolios including the bank’s own stock portfolios.




			×			
















stephen soper, cfp, cima, ctfa, crc, atfa
vice president, senior trust officer
mr. soper has over 30 years of experience in investment management, financial planning, trust and estate planning, and retirement services working for large money center and community banks as well as an institutional money management firm servicing high and ultra-high-net worth individuals, corporate clientele, and nonprofit organizations. mr. soper is also an adjunct professor teaching classes in finance, investment management, and international business. he received an mba in finance and a bs degree in marketing and economics from the university of bridgeport. recently mr. soper self-published his first book, fields of joy: a story about the power of giving and he enjoys playing golf, basketball and baseball, traveling, going to the theater, listening to cool jazz, and eating homemade italian food.











 

			×			
























