



caring veterinary clinic near kalispell your pet will love. calm animal care




































































homehome

about us
staff
contact


pharmacypharmacy
acupuncture & chiropracticacupuncture & chiropractic

acupuncture faq’s
acupuncture details
chiropractic


servicesservices
resourcesresources

music & community


newsnews
galleriesgalleries

animals
montana
calm animal care











 


follow us
 

 


 
cisco on a scenic boat ride. enjoying montana’s great outdoors with your healthy pet is pure joy!



 
lucy lounging in the grass. keeping your pet healthy and happy is our passion.



 
our cozy clinic in peaceful kila. animals love coming to our relaxed clinic for treatments.



 
our friendly expert staff our philosophy is based on using the best resources to care for your pet.



 
montana – the treasure state we enjoy living, working, and playing in the magical splendor of montana.


 







c
aring veterinary clinic your pet will love
calm animal care is a full service, caring veterinary clinic near kalispell dedicated to using the best resources to care for your pet. located just 10 miles west of kalispell in kila, we serve all of the flathead valley and beyond.
taking gentle care of your pet and giving you peace of mind is the cornerstone of our 35 years in practice. traditional medicine, diagnostics and surgical treatments are offered along with complementary therapies of acupuncture, canine rehabilitation, and chiropractic care to provide the best of both worlds.
our approach is effective and gentle; our staff is genuinely dedicated, compassionate, and caring. we are here to provide preventive care and maintain the health of your pet as well as provide relief and recovery for illnesses and injuries.
call us today and let us know how we can help—406-755-8214

we are located in kila - just 10 miles west of kalispell off highway 2.
 






fun & learning






about us







news







staff







contact







home







services







acupuncture faq’s







acupuncture details







pet food recipes







resources







galleries







music & community


 






watch for updates on our news page we are coming up on 40 years of taking care of your pets in beautiful downtown kila, montana.
it’s been a wonderful ride, and we’re having a party to celebrate on the last friday in july.  look for a card in the mail, or visit our facebook page https://www.facebook.com/calmanimalcare   for details.
we have just about recovered from the fire that hit us last july, and our floors and new paint look great! it was also a good time to update some of our equipment, and overall, with the support of our friends and neighbors and some excellent professionals, we are going to be ok.
from the blog-
some of the most toxic treats to be unleashed on dogs (those awful chicken jerky strips from china) have finally disappeared from the grocery shelves, and our newest concern is the proliferation of products containing the sugar substitute xylitol, which is even worse. another issue is the association of dilated cardiomyopathy with foods that used to be our favorites ( ! )
see our news page – we’d love for you to join the conversation.

 

call us at 406-755-8214 or use the form on our contact page to send us an email. 
view larger map


 









