metropolitan grill - voted best steak in town           

reservations
make a reservation

menu
dinner
dessert
happy hour
bar
wine

shop
private dining
book an event

events & news
all
events
wine
beef
cocktail

order online
our story
contact
email signup


join us for seattle’s best happy hour! view menu

the metthe best steak in town

reservations	
private partiesthe met offers private dining for any size group up to 75 guests. from an intimate dinner to a lavish reception, let us take care of your every detail to help make your vision come to reality.we have four unique and secluded spaces, including our newest feature — the met wine cellar, ideal for business meetings, rehearsal dinners, anniversaries, and other celebrations.
explore spacesthe differencejuiciness, tenderness and flavor – those are the characteristics for which a cut of beef is esteemed. personally hand selected, every double r ranch prime steak is a savory combination of exacting quality, perfected custom dry aging and seasoned with our proprietary blend. at the met, our focus is on usda prime beef, the highest grade that beef can receive. less than 2% of the beef produced in the us is certified as usda prime. simply put, this is the best beef available.
view menusworld-class wine cellarour wine team has been busy & we’re thrilled to share some exciting news — the met recently accepted the most prestigious wine award. we are honored to be one of a handful in the world to be trusted with wine spectator’s grand award for seven consecutive years.“wine spectator has honored 22 seattle-area restaurants with its annual restaurant awards, highlighting the country’s best wine programs. only two area restaurants, seattle’s canlis and metropolitan grill, earned the magazine’s grand award, which went to 93 honorees worldwide.” – puget sound business journal.we invite you to enjoy a bottle of your favorite wine, flavorful steak, and good company!
view menu

our storythe moment you step inside metropolitan grill, you know you have entered a classic steakhouse. every cut is hand selected and custom dry-aged with our proprietary seasonings; ensuring the most tender and flavorful steak. pair your steak with a world-class wine. for six consecutive years, metropolitan grill is the proud recipient of the wine spectator grand award.
read more


reservationscall us at 206-624-3287
or reserve online.in the heart of downtown on second avenue & marion street.valet parking available after 4:30pm every evening for $16.hoursdinner: daily from 4:30pm – 9:30pmhappy hour: monday – friday in the bar from  3:30pm – 5:30pm.careerswe are always looking for talented individuals to join our team.
apply online.
a taste of excellencewe invite you to enjoy the best steak in town, wine from one of the best lists in the world, and one of our famous tableside desserts. we are committed to providing you with a truly memorable and exceptional dining experience.
reservations
view menu     