


verified voting lobby days pics





















	verified voting lobby days pics
	



saturday, july 19, 2008




	 very important article from brad friedman's velvet revolution
	 

7/18/08: ohio attorneys launch targeted discovery to expose election manipulation by karl rove and others"ohio attorney cliff arnebeck launched a new legal strategy to expose a national strategy of election manipulation directed by karl rove. the implications are stunning. arnebeck has asked the ohio federal court to allow for targeted under oath depositions of key individuals including rove, bush it guru michael connell, jack abramoff, ken blackwell and others. this will be the first opportunity ever to place these individuals under oath. arnebeck indicated that he has amassed a great deal of information from various sources including whistleblowers implicating ..............mr. karl rove and others based upon their activities beginning in 2000 to illegally use corporate treasury money and government power to establish single faction dominance in the united states, military dominance in the world and generally undermine the rule of law as it had developed over the course of the past century.”labels: election fraud

posted by jarnocan @ 6:50 am
1 comments






sunday, april 06, 2008




	 uncounted being shown at the carousel in greensboro 4/17
	 

uncounted the new math of american elections thursday, april 17, 2008 at 7:00pm carousel cinema greensborofriday, april 18, 2008 at 7:00pm burlington, nc 7 p.m. thursday, april 17carousel cinema, 1305 battleground ave., greensboro,ncthis explosive new documentary shows how the election fraud that changed the outcome of the 2004 national election led to even greater fraud in 2006 and now threatens the integrity of the 2008 election. factual evidence, unassailable logic, whistleblower testimony, and the committed work of election integrity activists drive home the inescapable conclusion of massive electoral fraud. this powerful documentary will prompt serious discussion of the meaning of the corruption of the electoral process for our democracy. emmy award winning director david earnhardt will be at the carousel for q & a after the viewing. note: theater prices at the carousel are $8.75, with special rates for seniors, students and children. "uncounted" will also be shown on april 18, 2008 in burlington. labels: election

posted by jarnocan @ 5:02 pm
0 comments






friday, september 28, 2007




	 re-elect al gore?
	 

labels: fraud, vote

posted by jarnocan @ 4:14 am
0 comments






sunday, december 31, 2006




	 so the holt bill will finally see the light of day? thank you!
	 

but please consider these concerns and possible remedies:http://www.blackboxvoting.org/requestbyvoters.pdf if you agree you can send your comments here: http://holt.house.gov/contact.shtmlalso, my opinion on our current state of affairs in very generalistic terms:election fraud still cost us many congressional seats, and would have been a greater disaster if not for the huge drop in the approval of the bush regime from october to november. election fruad is a very serious crime against our country , in many ways largely responsible for the death of thousands of people at home, and hundreds of thousands in other coutries. we need to face the facts, and act with honest determination, to rectify, as much as possible the tremendous harm to our people, our economy and our world, caused by so many deadly lies.i sincerely believe impeachment will be a necessary step to assure accountability and justice. for more info on ways to help (in wdc and/or at home) restore our american values and will : http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/ 

posted by jarnocan @ 6:02 am
0 comments






wednesday, november 01, 2006




	 report election fraud on vr’s fraud hotline
	 

 hello from wdc! on my way back to baltimore i stopped for a while and joined the steele political operatives handing out steele stickers and flyers,at the train station, and chanted "election fraud kills don't let them steal the election."call 1-888-votetip to report suspected election fruad!massive sit in at the white house nov. 4 - 9, join those convening on the white house on election day and the day after - it is time we take back our first amendment rights to peaceably gather, exercise our freedoms of speech, and to petition our government for redress of wrong. http://velvetrevolution.us/index.php?main=election2004

posted by jarnocan @ 10:12 am
0 comments






friday, october 20, 2006




	 petition and info-requesting paper ballots/restoring democracy
	 

http://pdamerica.org/petition/paper-ballot-emails.php  also please see http://velvetrevolution.us/ urgent plea mailed to 50 state governors, sec's of state and election directors signed by broad coalition of election integrity advocacy orgs, congressional members, elections officials, computer scientists, civil rights attorneys and journalists initial federal effort calling for back-up paper ballots now moves to states, citizens asked to join the call!also call 1 866 687 8683 (our-vote)if you notice anything indicative of election fraud.

posted by jarnocan @ 9:00 am
0 comments






friday, october 13, 2006


   

posted by jarnocan @ 6:34 am
0 comments










	 vote  early and take action!  link!
	 

don't become complacent.election fraud has cost us dearly, and we can't afford it any more.massive sit in at the white house nov. 7th and 8th, join those convening on the white house on election day and the day after - it is time we take back our first amendment rights to peaceably gather, exercise our freedoms of speech, and to petition our government for redress of wrong.  http://velvetrevolution.us/index.php?main=election2004i've sent variations of the following to various media outlets. they still have not fully reported much of the big picture. of  course there is so much dirty history too, but they could at least begin to scratch the surface. i honestly feel so overwhelmed and frightenned at times.  wake up, to reality, and report it  please! election fraud has cost us dearly, think hard and learn the truth about it. hundreds of thousands have died as a result, and our environment, in so many ways is less healthy and our world  more dangerous. more people all over are, and even more will be, living and dying in a world of pain due to your horrible decisions.grow a conscience, pray, think! do the right thing.investigate,prosecute,impeach, punish! then let us move forward! http://www.velvetrevolution.us/#092806  please consider the latest princeton study and more  information. i trust the scientist more than far right bu**sh**, and it is way beyond time for you to do so as well. bush dismissed that scientific study concerning the 655,000+ iraqis that have died as a result of his war, just as glibly and stupidly as many have denied the reality of fraudulent elections in our country. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------please view brief very important  princeton independent study-video- diebold and vote-counting fraud."  http://itpolicy.princeton.edu/voting/videos.html http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojoyz7_sk8i ------------------------------------------------------------------please, care about our democracy enough to consider the truth. diebold - abramoff and  stolen elections."in perhaps the biggest scandal of all, the gop and jack abramoff conspired and successfully stole our democracy through extremely corrupt dealings between  abramoff, greenberg traurig, convicted gop rep. bob ney of oh, the white house and....  in order to foist the hackable diebold voting machines upon an unsuspecting and trusting public.... multiple mainstream news sources quoted at bottom but link to time line here...  http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all&address=364x2153139  time line (some  highlights)"2001 – ney's chief of staff david distafano turns lobbyist for diebold and at least one other voting machine company. one of distefano's crows about his having "an insider's edge to hard-to-reach political officials." 2002 – $3 billion hava bill mandating computer voting is passed in the house, shepherded by ney, abramoff and delay, helping diebold and the other companies write the legislation. abramoff and greenberg traurig also use the hava bill to squeeze the indian casino tribes to cough up more bribe money for republicans...    2002 – programmer clint curtis testified that he was asked in 2002 by gop rep. tom feeney to create vote-stealing code for voting machine, which he does. this software seemed to have been used in the 2002 stealing of sen max cleland's seat in ga. 2002- distafano and partner coffee rewards ney with $20,000 in campaign contributions, starting in 2002. abramoff has indian tribes contribute tens of thousands of dollars to ney and pay the notorious $100,000 for the st. andrews golf junket. 2002 – diebold and accupoll start paying distafano and partner roy coffee $250,000 in lobbying fees. diebold starts paying $275,000 in lobbying fees to greenberg traurig, abramoff's firm.2003 - ney prevents the mandating of verified paper trails for diebold and the other companies. 2004 – ""in 2004 numerous news organizations reported that the rnc spent millions hiring a questionable company called sproul & associates to do voter registration. ....thousands of voter registration applications collected from democrats by registration workers paid for by sproul & associates were reported to have been destroyed ... 2004 – ney writes "dear colleague" letter against amending hava for paper trails. .."argued at the time that paper records on such machines would somehow disenfranchise disabled voters.... mandated at least one disabled-accessable device in every voting precinct in the country. that device, of course, would be a paperless touch-screen electronic voting machine, like the ones made by diebold,...." ney also stops holt's bill to reform hava ".....so much more.....  http://www.democraticundergroun d.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all&address=364x2153139

posted by jarnocan @ 5:49 am
0 comments










verified voting lobby days to support rush holt's hr550
this is just a personal blog, the content (other than comments) is the responsibility of the blogger alone.

about me

name:  jarnocan 
location:  raleigh, north carolina, united states 
i care.
links 
below
view my complete profile
 

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

very important article from brad friedman's velvet...
uncounted being shown at the carousel in greensbor...
re-elect al gore?
so the holt bill will finally see the light of day...
report election fraud on vr’s fraud hotline
petition and info-requesting paper ballots/restori...
  
vote  early and take action!  link!
usa today:less than five minutes... to rig an elec...
democracy is not the priority, torture is. do some...

archives

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
september 2007
april 2008
july 2008






 petition powered by thepetitionsite.com




 





