






person memorial hospital




































skip to site content







                336.599.2121	
              



                about us              



                contact us              



                patient portal              



                bill pay              



                careers              



                schedule appointment now              


















                  find a doctor                  



                    services 


breast healthbusiness health servicescardiologydiabetes caredigestive healthemergency roomextended care unit/skilled nursinghospitalist programintensive care unitlaboratory servicesnutrition therapyorthopedicspharmacyradiologyrehabilitationsurgical servicesswing bed program 



                    patients & visitors 


admissionscaringbridgeclasses & eventsvisitation guidelinesinfection preventionlocationsmedicaid beneficiariesmedicaid coveragemedicare helplinenon-discrimination noticenotice of privacy practicespatient financial informationpatient guidepatient portalpatient rights & responsibilitiespay my billsponsorship requestthird party applicationsunderstanding your healthcare costs 



                  get care now                  














search







er wait
i




                13 minutes            



see how our er wait times are calculated.




















important weather update
 
all person physician practices and medaccess locations in roxboro and youngsville will close at noon on wednesday, february 19, 2025 and will remain closed on thursday, february 20, 2025 due to weather conditions.
if you have an appointment during this time, our staff will be in touch to help reschedule.
please stay safe and warm, and we appreciate your understanding. 










live yourhealthiest life 

find a doctor














explore your future in healthcare!


join us at the career open houseon february 25 from 5 to 7pm!
are you an rn, student, job-seeker or recent graduate eager to expand your career? discover exciting career opportunities, connect with industry professionals, and gain insights into the dynamic world of healthcare.

find out more and register here!







find a doctor



doctor's name, condition or procedure


search




chat with us
our chat assistant can help direct you towards finding a provider or scheduling an appointment.
schedule now









welcome to person memorial hospital
person memorial hospital in roxboro, nc is a full-service hospital where caring, kindness, and compassion join modern facilities and equipment to provide you the best possible health care. we provide comprehensive health care services to person county and surrounding areas, licensed for 98 beds. we strive to meet the ever-changing needs of our patients. person memorial hospital, and the pathology and clinical laboratory are accredited by the joint commission.
person memorial hospital offers a variety of medical and support services, including:

cardiology
emergency room
extended care unit
orthopedics
surgical services

and many other areas of care.

learn more about us








news





person memorial hospital welcomes roxboro native jennifer stockwell, msn-fnp to its medical team
person memorial hospital is excited to announce the addition of jennifer stockwell, msn-fnp, to its team of dedicated healthcare professionals. stockwell, a family nurse practitioner... read more





person memorial hospital earns third consecutive “a” hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group
person memorial hospital recognition reflects ongoing commitment to patient safety and high-quality care
person memorial hospital has earned an "a" hospital safety grade from the leapfrog... read more





person memorial hospital partners with duke telestroke network to enhance stroke care
person memorial hospital is proud to announce its partnership with the prestigious duke telestroke network, beginning june 13, 2024. this collaboration marks a significant step... read more



view all












615 ridge roadroxboro, nc 27573


privacy policy





about us
find a doctor
services
patients & visitors
get care now
classes & events
price transparency



















                            we use cookies to make our site work, including measuring elements related to the site's performance as intended. by using our site you agree that information about you and your visit may be collected and/or sent to third parties for these purposes. we do not sell or share your information, nor do we use analytics, advertisement, or other non-necessary cookies. for more information about our online privacy practices, please visit our online privacy policy.
                            






















