





































    
    home | 1st realty resources - fort worth, texas
  
  















               


     
 
pay rent


    home



  services


   property management



  buying/selling



  renovations





  tenants


   overview



  tenant portal



  tenant documents





  owners


   owner portal





  vacancies



  contact us











    
 





           welcome!
 1st realty resources is a family owned, full service real estate company specializing in property management of both commerical and residential investment properties. 


  

management services >

    






















         



pay rent online
     



















maintenance request


      



tenant portal
    



contact us



 1st realty resources is proud to be a family owned and operated company geared toward the needs of our clients above all else. we’ve been proudly serving the fort worth and surrounding areas since 2005 and can help you buy and sell property, manage and grow your investment portfolio, or find the perfect home to live in and make yours.we thrive on helping our clients, both tenant and property owner.  we aim to build a relationship with each investor and expand, grow, and maximize their investment portfolio.  whether it is bringing the property up market via rennovations, repositioning the property via a new tenant mix in a commerical property, or simply renting and maintaing the family home when selling doesn't make sense.  we pride ourselves on the longevity of our clients and their many referrals that they provide.  it is truly the biggest compliment for any small business. 
come to us if you want experienced, professional help with property management and real estate.







      contact us      



 (817) 744-8434


     



 info@1strealty.net


     



 1810 8th ave, fort worth, tx 76110, united states



    online portal
 log in
|
sign up


 owner portal
 log in
|
sign up




      




  








   sitemap   ©

all rights reserved.


1st realty resources


















































































































  
  share by:





   




