




home - tacoma/pierce county habitat for humanity








































































habitat stores





donate





contact us






who we are



blog


our partners


news and press releases


video highlights


reports and updates




board and staff


careers





what we do



homeownership


eligibility, homeownership


frequently asked questions




housing counseling


pathways to homeownership


foreclosure prevention


home repair


habitat homes


available homes


completed neighborhoods


future plans





what you can do



donate


legacy society


volunteer


groups


individuals


youth


new volunteer orientation




americorps


advocate


house sponsorships


building on faith


women build


special events


changing lives luncheon




global village trips





events calendar












2025 changing lives luncheon
join us on march 4 at noon for our 2025 changing lives luncheon! we are so excited for our annual fundraising event, where we can connect with the tacoma and pierce county community and share our beautiful stories.


        
        register now!
        
    







own a home
income-qualified pierce county residents can own a home for less than $300,000 with a monthly mortgage as low as $1,600 per month (inclusive of tax and insurance). the first step in the process is attendance at a homeowner orientation. 


        
        check eligibility
        
    







permanent affordability
our new restricted resale homeownership model extends the affordability of habitat homes generations into the future. 


        
        learn more
        
    







change lives
you can help a family build a safe and affordable home with a gift to habitat. with a hand up from you, habitat homeowners achieve the strength, stability and self-reliance they need to build better futures for themselves their families.


        
        make a gift
        
    







build with us
you can help build a home for a family in need of decent, affordable housing. there is always room on our volunteer crew for a willing spirit, and no experience is necessary to help change lives.


        
        volunteer with us
        
    









get involved












volunteer
build with us on a construction site or work a shift at one of our habitat stores. no experience is necessary; training is provided.
sign up













own a home
families that partner with habitat to achieve affordable homeownership start with a homeowner orientation. rsvp today. 
take the first step













donate
as the housing market tightens, your gift helps a family in need of safe and affordable housing find stability and achieve self reliance. 
about giving












now recruiting homeowners
are you ready to leave ever-increasing rent behind? achieving housing stability with affordable homeownership is possible through our restricted resale/land lease model, which includes special mortgage products and support for income-qualified pierce county residents. 

own a home for as little as $1,600/month (inclusive of tax and insurance) with a down payment under $3,000. 

tacoma/pierce county habitat for humanity will sell 120 homes in the next 3-5 years, and we're looking for qualified buyers! prospective homeowners must have a minimum household income* of $60,000 (not to exceed 80% area median income), a credit score of 620+, and a willingness to participate in homeowner preparation workshops. take the first step in building a secure future by attending our free homeowner orientation and learning more about the program. 

*household income includes earnings from all adults in the household, even child support, disability, supplemental security income (ssi), etc. 


        
        eligibility, homeownership
        
    










events





02/17/25
keys to homeownership
have you dreamed of owning your home but don’t know where to start? is your credit stopping you from buying a home? are home prices discouraging you from getting started? put all that behind you…
read more





02/17/25
credit boosting workshop
is your credit score holding you back from your next big move? are you tired of high interest rates because your credit score is low? register for our free two part workshop to learn how…
read more





02/17/25
new volunteer orientation
interested in volunteering with tacoma habitat? new volunteers must attend a virtual new volunteer orientation prior to their first shift. during the orientation, you will be asked to provide your email address and birth date for a background…
read more















                © 2025 tacoma/pierce county habitat for humanity. all rights reserved. website design and development by sitecrafting.
            


contact
4824 south tacoma way
tacoma, wa 98409 

p: (253) 627-5626
f: (253) 284-2805
            

e: office@tpc-habitat.org



connect





facebook





twitter









instagram





youtube





linkedin




news
stay up to date with everything we have going on! sign up for our e-newsletter:


        
        sign up
        
    




















