







afip








































new & returning users access the afip lms by logging in below.














info@afip.com
+1 (817) 428-2434


login













certification





shop




home



certification





how to certify



industry courses





new vehicle


used vehicle


rv


motorcycle


power sports


marine





code of ethics


certification benefits


recognition materials






membership





individual



industry member





general agents


dealer associations


dealership partner


industry roster









resources





about afip


advocacy & outreach


f&i industry news





vpp


dealeraide



afip partners





ally


apco/easy care/gwc/nac


assurant


fmcc


ia american warranty group


lucid


northwood university


zurich





contact






















invest in a program that ensures compliance


the afip certification program is the cornerstone of a dealer’s compliance program, giving your employees the tools necessary to operate comfortably within the law and gives your customers proof that your f&i team knows the regulations.















rv/motorcycle/marine/powersports


tailored to your industrythe independent / buy here, pay here / rv / motorcycle / powersports / marine version of the afip certification program is designed specifically for f&i managers and other personnel working in dealerships selling rvs, motorcycles, boats, and other motorized watercraft.















start the certification process today


sign up onlinesimply login and signup to start the certification process today.  if you are a large group an afip program manager will help you get started. whether you’re an individual f&i professional, a general agent or a dealership owner, you can benefit from the safety and security afip certification provides.















proof our program works


over 70,000 certifications issuedafip certifies thousands of f&i professionals every year, including manufacturer representatives, captive lenders, insurance providers, agents, and dealership employees. our certification curriculum is delivered via up-to-date, online, on interactive multimedia technology. we also offer self-study, onsite and virtual boot camps.


















afip certification


click below to find out more about the afip certification levels and program


learn more













what's inside?


get a look inside of what our franchise dealership course covers & what’s included in your industry certification.


see more













why get certified


see how afip certification protect you & employees. providing a better experience for you & your customer.


see more









afip industry-specific f&i training courses


the afip certification program provides comprehensive dealership compliance training for financial services personnel with a working knowledge of the state and federal regulations that govern vehicle purchases. many lenders, vendors and agents who service f&i operations have their field representatives afip-certified to support dealership compliance efforts.we offer tailored f&i compliance certification for the following industries:










franchise dealership











independent dealerships











rv











motorcycle











power sports











marine








the association of finance & insurance professionals


founded in 1989, the association of finance & insurance professionals (afip) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit association offering the afip certified f&i professional program for individuals who arrange in-store funding and offer owner protection products for vehicle and motorized conveyances. our certification program institutes a recognized level of competency with the state and federal regulations and enforces our established code of ethics.





industry partners


our partners represent a wealth of industry knowledge and expertise. view afip certified industry partners.industry roster






certification candidates


afip online trainingafip state lawsafip eventsafip certification examinationsfaq’s








get the facts







afip certification




afip certification gives working and prospective f&i professionals the power to sell their products with confidence and authority. our certification course provides a working knowledge of the state and federal laws associated with the f&i profession. certification shows customers they’re dealing with a professional with superior qualifications. afip certification is the mba of the f&i profession!.






f&i professionals




for f&i professionals, afip certification gives you the tools necessary to operate comfortably within the law and to meet higher performance thresholds. afip certification can also be used as proof that the employee was aware of the law and agreed in writing to act ethically in the event of disputes or problems.more info






dealership




for dealerships, afip certification gives your employees the tools necessary to operate comfortably within the law and to meet higher performance thresholds. afip certification can also be used as proof that the employee was aware of the law and agreed in writing to act ethically in the event of disputes or problems.more info






benefits




the afip certification program is beneficial for f&i professionals, for dealerships, for general agents and for consumers. from providing a better understanding of federal and state laws to inspiring a sense of confidence and professionalism in your dealings, afip certification has benefits for every part of the f&i industry.more info






general agents




afip created the association of independent general agents in 2006 to give gas the opportunity to speak with a single voice and to reap the benefits of a unified lobby and service provider. aiga operates in conjunction with afip to further the goals of its ga members and the industry at large.more info






consumers




the services afip provides its constituents assist and protect consumers. afip certified f&i professionals have given the time and energy necessary to understand the laws regarding the sale and finance of vehicles. they have made a pledge to abide ethically in all dealings with all customers and they work with afip to help you resolve any contract errors or disputes with no legal hassles.more info

















how to reach us

                                e-mail: info@afip.com
                                phone: +1 (817) 428-2434

 4104 felps drive, suite h colleyville, texas 76034 




links


vpp


terms


privacy policy





follow us










                        © the association of finance and insurance professionals 2017 - 2025
                    







×








×


login







invalid username or password
login



forgot password?



recover password



recover

login



recover
password reset link has been sent to 


































