






 




akashic reading – are you ready to change your life?





















































 





























skip to content



facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowmail page opens in new window


are you ready to change your life?


personal sessionsreadings spiritual life coaching private lessons for students  online courseslive classes – come join us akashic record level i akashic record level ii  free e-book more to exploremeditation journeys weekly teachings video articles at medium.com reading listsakashic records akashic reading list kabbalah reading list goddess meditation primary sources   patreon contactabout  schedule your session 



 
personal sessionsreadings spiritual life coaching private lessons for students  online courseslive classes – come join us akashic record level i akashic record level ii  free e-book more to exploremeditation journeys weekly teachings video articles at medium.com reading listsakashic records akashic reading list kabbalah reading list goddess meditation primary sources   patreon contactabout  schedule your session 















what is an akashic reading? 
							 
your akashic record or soul book is like a living data base which contains not only current information about the life you are leading, details about the lives you have lived in the past, and what you intend for the future, but every alternative timeline, path not taken and every... 
							read more 


 


weekly teachings 
							free weekly akashic teachings
for those who are interested in exploring the akashics or even discovering what it is, i write a weekly e-blast to support you on your journey.  each saturday email contains a long article with information about an aspect of the akashics ranging from general information on how... 
							read more 


 


the akashic reading podcast 
							before you can read an akashic record for others it's helpful to know what the akashics is, how to navigate through it, and how to read your own. each episode will explore an aspect of the akashics ranging from general information on how to access it, discussions of beings who... 
							read more 


 


ebook 
							over the years i've written quite a bit about the akashics via my blog.  with over 1100 blog entries and counting i realized it was fairly impossible for all but the intrepid adventurer to find information they might be seeking or that might be relevant to their interests.  i have... 
							read more 


 














teri uktena
premier international akashic reader teri uktena has for many years been providing readings and instruction to others in order to advance crucial knowledge of each soul’s purpose in the new millennia. having grown up in cherokee culture and studied with her elders to learn the medicines…


read more  






what is an akashic reading? 
							 
your akashic record or soul book is like a living data base which contains not only current information about the life you are leading, details about the lives you have lived in the past, and what you intend for the future, but every alternative timeline, path not taken and every possible opportunity in between. using your questions and biographical information i will sort through this to find the answers you seek.
 
an akashic reading has 3 sections:




looking at your physicality.  i will look to see how much of your purpose in this life is already activated, any issues or opportunities you are currently working through and how you are doing so, and get an understanding of how your soul is operating in this embodied life at this time.  

in addition time is only linear here so the information in your soul book all looks like "now" which isn't helpful.  i will read the "now" from your body and with this information i will be able to locate it within your soul book and orient myself for the reading. 

there is no need to be physically present for me to do this.


reading from your soul book.  based on the questions you submitted prior to the reading and the information we have discovered through your body and energy, i will open your book and begin reading to find answers.

common questions people ask include:  what is my purpose for this life? for insights into this questions please listen to my podcast episode what's your purpose? what is the lesson to be learned from (a relationship, an experience, an illness or injury, a pattern of events)? why did i have the parents i had?  how can i (have the life i deserve, transition to a career that fulfills me, find a perfect partner)?

*in order to answer these i will need a bit of basic information. think of what you would tell someone at a coffee shop that you have met for the first time, then add in any information which would be relevant to the specific questions you are asking such as the name of individuals or details concerning events.


i will answer any additional questions that might have occurred during the reading. 

the process is interactive so as the reading unfolds it is common to discover new questions or aspects of this life to investigate. 




readings are $125 for one hour and provided via phone call or zoom for those outside the us and canada. payment must be received in advance to guarantee your appointment.











*to retrieve your soul book i will need your current legal name and any nick name that you use with regularity.*your specific questions and biographical information plus any background concerning your questions will be required a minimum of 48 hours prior to the appointment.*the reading will be recorded and emailed to you so your focus can be on the reading.*all information is confidential and will only be used... 
							read more 
 












wendy ball, shamanic practitioner


teri provides energetic support and structure that make accessing the akashics not only possible but easy. her humor and easy going style make this work feel natural. it’s a big deal, and yet it isn’t. hat’s off to her skillful facilitation.




heidi mcelvaine

hi, this is heidi mcelvaine of ascending heights enterprises. everytime life is getting too much for me and i am feeling overwhelmed and confused about a particular issue my guidance sends me to have an akashic reading from teri uktena.
teri is highly intuitive, straightforward and honest. teri gets straight to the heart of the issue and i really appreciate her way of explaining to me what i may not be able to see for myself. teri is a great teacher as well as a reader.  i am an angel communicator myself, but everyone needs to have someone to connect on their behalf. the angels say to choose teri to be that go-between and i encourage you to choose teri to be that go-between for yourself too! the angels say choose teri!




christie c.

i first became aware of teri’s talents from her online classes.  hearing her voice everyday on the meditations really helped me become grounded and focused.  i then began reading her blog that comes out every other week.  it seemed like the topics she wrote about always addressed the questions i was having!  then i received an akashic reading which led to one on one student sessions.  her insight and ability to effectively communicate what needs to be addressed is phenomenal.  my life path has become clearer from working with teri. life is a process but with her assistance in helping me and teaching me how to read my book and work with my guides has helped that process become more focused and enjoyable.  thanks, teri!




d.k., los angeles, ca.

i had a very specific question that i needed some help with and was recommended to teri by a mutual friend. it was a very inspired conversation to say the least. her breadth of knowledge of things unseen was staggering–and indeed, she was of great help to me in answering the questions i had. what i didn’t expect however, was how much she would end up filling in so many blanks in my understanding of how things work in this life—here and beyond. with two sessions on the phone, i came away with a much clearer picture, and a finer-tuned way of thinking so that i could make much more sense of my work and my personal life. deeply intuitive, stunningly frank and extremely relatable, teri’s skills and talent far exceeded my expectations. i look forward to continuing our work together, revealing more pieces of this puzzle we call life.




ross e.

teri has been an amazing help navigating through the trickier questions of life. while i initially started with her seeking answers about the future, she has helped me get more into the now and enjoying the moment. we do a couple of check-ins in the year, and i really appreciate her support and advice. i have recommended her to many friends who have all been of the same opinion. she’s a star!!




c fuentes

i deeply appreciate teri’s eloquence. her graceful and perceptive insights about what is happening for an individual have always been immediately helpful. the memorable words and images that i bring with me from our conversations are nourishing for a long time afterwards.




sonia t

teri has been a fresh breath of wisdom in my journey to self. she delivers indispensable insights with uncharacteristic clarity.




stacie s.

teri is by far the most talented intuitive i’ve ever worked with. i was hooked my first session. she moved me through one of the most traumatizing periods in my life within the first ten minutes. i’ve seen a lot of therapists and intuitives over the years and she has by far and away helped me more than any of them. her knowledge base is astounding. i wish she could be my best friend so i could hear her talk every day.




elena

teri’s podcast is my constant companion in deepening the understanding of the akashics and its interaction with the embodied life. teri’s style of explanation is simple, but never simplistic, engaging and often very funny! some podcast episodes seem to come into my life just as i am grappling with the same issues and themes as the ones covered in the podcast, and it gives me just the perspective i need. thank you teri for this podcast which is like nothing else.




d.m.

teri is a pragmatic straight-shooter with a wonderful gift of insight. i have taken classes and received readings from her, and her guidance has always been spot-on. she has impressed me with her gentle straightforwardness, especially when dealing with delicate matters.




topher w.

i discovered teri when i did a web search for akashic readers in 2014. i browsed her website and thought, “she seems like the real deal.” consequently, i book marked her site and returned to it about a year later to seek her input on some issues that were relevant at the time. to say that teri has been helpful would be an extreme understatement. i’ve worked with her for almost two years just for akashic readings. her ability to connect with and read my records, as well as connect with my guides has been invaluable. her rich spiritual tradition and background greatly enhances the work that she does. furthermore, teri strives to empower others, not just provide information telling people what they want to hear; and not least of all, teri is engaging, supportive and funny! she is clearly called, gifted and enjoys the work. i always find myself returning to our recorded sessions to discover deeper levels of meaning that i missed before. i would recommend her services whole-heartedly and have!




sharon hess

going through our life’s journey we often need help sorting it all out. doing a reading with teri helps you do just that! she always holds a loving space while sharing her wisdom and gently pointing out things you may be resisting, yet need to see in order to move forward. i am happy to have her as one of my “go to” helpers when i need a reading. as a spiritual teacher, her depth of knowledge and connection to spirit is undeniable and i have also enjoyed her classes. i highly recommend teri for all of her offerings, and suggest at the very least sign up for her newsletter and enjoy her content rich sharings!




wendy ball, m.ed., shamanic energy healer and hakomi practitioner.

teri uktena is one of my most respected teachers and has had a unique and profound impact on my life. not only has she ushered me into a deeper understanding of who i am as an embodied soul, but she has provided me with tools for exploring my multidimensional reality in ways that are at once profoundly spiritual and pragmatic.




adh

teri, thank you so much for the reading! it was enlightening in so many ways. not only did you accurately identify a clear pattern in my life, but you gave me the insight that i am actively working to overcome it for good. you also confirmed the vision/dream that i have for myself and rejuvenated my spirit to keep pressing forward with it. there have been a few things distracting me and holding me back and your reading helped me to clearly see them and move past them. i now feel focused and ready to move forward in a new way with my purpose. your insights and recommendations were wonderful!








the akashic reading podcast 
							read more 

 
  itunes 
							  android 
							  rss 
							  available on: 
							more episodes  



manifesting with the akashics creatively 
							
 

















 copyright © 2025 akashicreading.com. all rights reserved.

  privacy policy

 





go to top






















































