



















































    
    srnm legal services | srnm llp
  
  

















           
 



     contact



  careers








       home



  our firm


   lawyers



  professional staff



  history





  practice areas


   corporate & business transactions



  estate, trust & wealth preservation



  litigation & dispute resolution



  banking & commercial finance



  employment & labor



  education



  health care



  related practices





  news, alerts & programs



  mediation











       
 





       
  

click to call

  

other contact information




  


    since 1914

    
  we help you protect your resources.
write your caption here

  

button



 
  we help you build.
write your caption here

  

button



 
  we help you grow.
write your caption here

  

button



 
  we help you advance.
write your caption here

  

button



 
  we help you win.
write your caption here

  

button



 
  we help you succeed.
write your caption here

  

button






  

meet our lawyers

  

areas of practice




     

letter from our chairman





   a century of trust established in 1914, schmiedeskamp robertson neu & mitchell llp maintains a strong foundation and reputation for serving clients through a sophisticated and varied practice that includes expertise in most major legal specialty areas. the firm's commitment to its clients is straightforward and at its core; to provide the highest quality legal services in a timely manner for a reasonable fee. highest quality legal services schmiedeskamp robertson neu & mitchell llp is a leading regional law firm in the midwest with 17 lawyers who are trained to provide clients unsurpassed representation and service with the expertise, technology, and resources of a much larger practice. in a timely manner when a client has a legal matter, they want and need timely counsel and priority given to their issue. the lawyers at the schmiedeskamp firm believe in setting timelines that meet the expectations of their clients and then delivering as promised through regular and judicious communication and progress updates. 
 for a reasonable fee legal fees are a part of the process for any client to consider when hiring a lawyer. the schmiedeskamp firm believes clear communication about fee arrangements and billing practices to be a significant feature of their commitment to client service. and with the specific expertise and attention to detail gained through the schmiedeskamp firm, clients receive high-quality legal services for a fraction of what larger firms charge.







      




   follow us
schmiedeskamp robertson neu & mitchell  llp  ♢  525 jersey st, quincy, il 62301  ♢  217-223-3030view
disclaimerview
additional terms of engagement for srnm clients  






































































































  
  share by:








