



startside









 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




home
       
 






















 
it
                  all began in 1994 when my family and i moved to the uk, we
                  spent 6 years there.
                   
i
                  now live in houston,texas.



i
                  am so happy to be back in the us, but i am really glad to of
                  spent all those years in the uk, my first ragdolls were a
                  seal point female, a blue bicolor female and a blue colorpoint
                  male named zacaree, he was born on june 15,1994. zacaree did
                  extremely well as a kitten at shows, the judges have always
                  loved him and then when he turned 10 months old his show
                  career really took off!! he was always nominated to go up in
                  best in show, he became a ca ch., ca gr. ch., ca supreme ch.,
                  and the first fife ch. colorpoint adult in the uk, what an
                  honor that was for him, he has won best in variety many times,
                  and also best cat in group, he is a real show stopper, his
                  picture was even printed in a uk book called the encyclopaedia
                  of cat breeds by angela rixon. i have found since i returned 
                  back to the us that the colorpoint ragdolls have become almost 
                  rare, so we are working hard to change our program around to  
                  breed to get more colorpoint kittens. 
                 
                
             
                   

 
 
i no longer breed the old lines and are now breeding all american lines!!
                  
                  
                   





i breed blue & seal colorpoints,
                  bicolors and mitteds, also lynx's (tabby pattern).

 "i
                  specialize in  bicolor & mitted ragdolls".  



i
                  only vaccinate against cat distemper. kittens are wormed,
                  litter trained etc... 



i
                  do not recommend you to vaccinate against the fip, leukemia & chlamydia
                  vaccine as rumor has it, it can cause your cat to get these
                  diseases by these types of vaccines.



" it is with great sadness that on october 30th 2004, our most cherrished ragdoll (zacaree) past away during the night due to old age, he was born on june 15, 1994 & died on october 30th 2004, he was 10 years old and will be very missed!! zacaree is now in ragdoll heaven as one would say. he was a part of our family and was so loved more than he knew.
                  




                   "may god rest your sweet soul our zacaree, you will always be in our hearts."






 


laura brown


      houston, texas


      phone (713) 560 - 5591 or (281) 000 - 0000


      e-mail: 
            laura@ragdollcat.50megs.com


 
   opdated: 
          january 16, 2011



this website is in dedication to all of laura's ragdolls & to the late lady diana princess of wales. 
                  the song that plays on this site is called "candle in the wind" by elton john


 

af
        



the
content, layout and photoghraphs on this site may not be copied without the authors
authorization as they are  sole property of rags-to-roses
ragdolls.
unless otherwise indicated by professional signature.


 










 







