


doberman pinscher breeder work or show puppies j bar s akc dobermans in missouri 



























 where dobermans rule!!       
we won't brag about the top dogs in our past pedigrees until we show you what our own dogs 
have done to continue the quality our families expect in their companion or work/show dobe.
we strive to breed for health and longevity along with solid temperaments. the doberman is a
working breed and temperament should be a primary consideration.
		quality isn't expensive..... it's priceless!! 
our dobermans are vwd clear and dna profile on record with akc.  they are bred
	to work, show and play -  much more than just a pretty face. 
we do not condone or support the breeding 	of the "white"/albino doberman as it is a genetic mutation.
congratualtions to our stars and their families





 ch echorun's stormin isabella (bella) finishes championship with limited showing - bella is an ayla daughter
 omnia paratus navy sea cobra (helio) wins best opposite at udc natls 2012 
ch echorun's black shadow of denim - finished championship with limited showing

 
 
  

 eric and zeke earning bh at udc natls 2012 & high in obedience at mcwdc trial  11-12
 jess and river in training - river gets her bh at 15 months
 paula and redman earning bh at udc natls 2012 











2007 udc natls - ayla wins best puppy and gunner is high obedience dog in trial
2012 udc natls - helio wins best opposite both days
helio working portection work with waine singleton 5 x natl ch trial helper

 

 
all our doberman's and puppies are registered with the american kennel club (akc) and pedigrees 
are posted on the web site for your review.  all our dobes are guaranteed free of the 
white (z) factor.   we do not condone or support the breeding of the "white"/albino doberman as it is a genetic mutation.

we are an akc breeder of merit  
members of doberman pinscher club of amierica (dpca),  united doberman club (udc) and mid
central working dobermasns club - 
 
 doberman,
    doberman breeder missouri, doberman pinscher breeder missouri, dobermans, doberman puppies, doberman pinschers,
      dog, doberman pinscher puppies, missouri, dobes, dobermanns, dobermann 







nx19.dnslinks.net:8443/