


trapeze experience - learn to fly









































































about




workshops




classes




consulting & equipment




contact


























































trapeze-experiencethe full service flying trapeze companyspecializing in classes, advanced coaching, equipment and special events.




raising the vibration of the planet, one swing at a time!






















































flying trapeze workshops & lessons at omega closed






looking for intensive training? looking to take your flying to the next level. our 5 day and weekend workshops at the omega institute offer that and more! at omega, we fly, but we also look a bit deeper into the experience, and use those insights to propel your personal development. (closed for 2020 due to covid-19).



















































flying trapeze classes closed for now.






trapeze experience has run classes for 25+ years to over 150k people in many different states. we are currently closed for all classes at this time..





































































trapeze-experience™







trapeze experience founded in 1997 provides classes, workshops and one on one professional training in flying trapeze and circus arts.  more...




















































peter gold







peter gold is a professional trapeze artist, coach, manager, and consultant. with 34+years flying on the trapeze, he founded trapeze-experience™ in 1997, after 12 years of teaching and touring with the circus.more...




















































consulting & equipment







trapeze-experience also provides custom events, trainings, professional consultations, trapeze equipment manufacturing and installations.  more... 


























































more



trapeze-experience™ by peter gold

























trapeze-experience™ by peter goldinfo@trapeze-experience.com 



















































































© 2022 all rights reserved. trapeze-experience
















































