

nujiang river preservation project home page








chinarivers.com: 
        the nujiang river preservation project




nujiang in the 
          news!




 dam 
                building threatens china’s ’grand canyon’
by 
                jim yardley, ny times, march 10, 2004






 drung 
                nationality residents drive unauthorized film crew & kayakers 
                from upper dulong river valley
                by white pearl, november 12. 2004



 
              more news articles






sponsors 
  | china links | riverrat first 
  descent | nu flowers



 
          welcome to the only web site dedicated to preservation of the nujiang 
          (salween) river of china, its peoples and species. the nujiang river 
          preservation project of china provides economic incentives through ecotourism 
          to achieve effective conservation at the ground level.

          nujiang lisu autonomous prefecture travel service company is the controlling 
          agency over all tourism in nujiang. for information about travel, including 
          contact info, see the nujiang travel bureau 
          brochure.








reports 
        from china


 
          flat busted in fugong

 dennis schultz's white-knuckle tale of the first descent of the 
            nujiang in 1996. the three chapters link in a new window.

an appeal 
          for the nu from dennis schultz:

i am totally opposed to the building of dams on the nu jiang between 
            bingzhongluo and liuku. this would be the equivalent of building dams 
            in the grand canyon in the u.s. i have run the grand canyon several 
            times as well as run much of this beautiful stretch of pristine exciting 
            whitewater on the nu. in many ways, they are comparable. the potential 
            for tourism and river running in this valley also compares favorably 
            to that of the grand canyon. to lose this would be devastating. realizing 
            the need for hydroelectric power in china just as power was needed 
            in the southwest united states, i suggest that dams be built above 
            bingzhongluo or well below liuku, just as they were built above and 
            below the grand canyon. however, this region should remain open to 
            river running and tourism just as the grand canyon has in the u.s. 
            .



 



the 
          doctors' tour

marc and jennifer 
            travel through yunnan on a trip set up for them by white pearl associates. 
            read their report for an inside view of ethical ecotourism in action.
this report opens 
            in a new window. close it when you're done.










chinarivers.com 
          features a variety of maps of the nujiang region, including a map of 
          the proposed dams, maps illustrating their effects on the people of 
          the region, and hand-drawn local maps of some of the towns in the area. 
          we are constantly adding to this collection.
to 
          view the collection, click on the image to the left.









 nujiang 
          river ecotourism opportunities 
 
outdoor sports: whitewater paddling, cycling, climbing, trekking; 
          natural history: travel/study tours in ethnology of minority nationalities 
            of china, history of burma road, world war ii flying tigers and old 
            southern silk road; search for the shangri la of lost horizons 
nature reserve tours and species studies: spring and fall flower 
            photography, birding, trekking and sightseeing. 
        


email for details: chinariverscom at yahoo.com
 
new reports 
            from china:

white pearl's 
            first bike tour of nujiangand search for flying tigers


 


  tiger 
        tour       
ox tour       

riverrat tour       
photo gallery 



schedule of events





january - bicycle for fun and preservation
february - dulong flower festival
march, april, may - spring flower photography; natural history 
          tour
october - fall bird, flower, and hot springs tour
november - natural history tour; search for shangri la tour
december to january - celebrate 3 
            new years (minority, western and chinese) with the merry nationalities 
            of nujiang! also holiday whitewater tour; mountain bike & road bike 
            tours. 
        
 whitewater season - november, december and january combine 
          lower water with dry sunny weather; other months depend on weather & 
          water. nujiang features road accessible class iii-v clean whitewater. 
        nujiang travel company is the controlling 
          agency over all tourism in nujiang including whitewater, mountaineering and bicycling permits. response 
          to inquiries and processing of both commercial and private permits is prompt 
          and courteous.

contact information:

nujiang tour company
nujiangzhou hotel
liuku, china 673100
attn: ms. ya sha, vice manager
tel: (0886) 3624247
fax: (0886) 3623300
english-speaking email contact for ya sha: 


nujiang hires minority nationality and follows a code of
ecotour ethics and all pertinent laws and regulations of the people's
republic of china.




how does nujiang ecotourism for preservation work?

              each event or tour allocates a 15% donation to one of our 
              donation programs. 
              

 



©  dave pizzuti 



              past and current donation goals:
              
globe computer program;
endangered languages program;
cultural song and dance preservation program;
gaoligong mt. nature reserve's village training seminars;
gaoligong mt. online orchid market catalogue; 
                whitewater training base;
reforestation and tree planting program. 
              

and most importantly, 60% of tour travel fees goes directly into the hands
of the minority nationality agencies and citizens of nujiang to fund their
own preservation efforts. 






the river



 
©  white pearl 


stone moon over the nu jiang. 
 looking downriver with stone moon mountain in the background, 
            subject of a romantic legend. 
          






 after a successful 1996 nujiang first descent, government discussions 
        for the first time included nujiang in plans for a new national park in 
        nw yunnan - now to be called the three rivers national park. in may at 
        the inauguration of the new joint venture (white pearl & nujiang's new 
        chinese river team training park in liuku), white pearl was officially 
        appointed nujiang advisory expert to develop an ecotourism which includes 
        a winter whitewater season for international boaters. 
         commercial river companies and kayak clubs are invited to apply under 
          the new permit system to receive group trip permits. no screening requirements. 
          two kayakers and two rafts make a "group". great chance to add a winter 
          season international trip to your domestic itineraries. experience the 
          best clean whitewater in asia, completely road accessible, while staying 
          in hotels nightly, and contribute to development of china's first new 
          whitewater training park. no user/day limitation. 
        e-mail for most current information and new low prices. white 
          pearl at gci-net.com




one of two class 5 rapids on the nu jiang.
 looking down on leaping tiger (shuan na wadi) at 10,000 c.f.s. level, 
          first run by dave pizzuti and scott young of colorado at 30,000 c.f.s. 
          

          read about it in expedition report no. 4.


© gaoligong mt. nature reserve 



environmental perspective on the nujiang
preservation project.






©  white pearl

 the nu jiang canyon.
 known as the salween or thanlwin river in burma. this scenic river 
          flows unimpeded with a consistent clarity of 98% six months a year during 
          the fall, winter and early spring, a rare commodity in china. the nujiang 
          road (and bike route) follows close beside the river linking the lisu, 
          nu, and tibetan communities along the nu river for 300 miles of gorgeous 
          scenery. 
      






natural attributes of the nu jiang region
  tours 
          of gaoligong mt. nature reserve




people of the region




 woman of the nu minority nationality of china.
 with only 25,000 members the nu nationality is one of china's smallest 
          and only lives in the nujiang lisu autonomous prefecture. the preservation 
          project takes place mainly in their homeland on the nu river, named 
          after this ancient people. 
      
 
©  yunnan people's pub., kunming








 
©  yang fashun

 girls of the li zu (lisu) minority nationality of 
        china.
 their people have legal dominion over the nujiang lisu autonomous 
          perfecture of yunnan province, over 300 miles along the burmese border 
          and the upper nu river canyons. 
      





the people of the nu jiang (upper salween) region, yunnan, china
  history, 
          legends and laws of the region


ox tours









 
© shen che 


        is this the real shangri la of the lost horizons book by james 
        hilton, first paperback ever published (1933)? 
         archeology search for 
          the lost shangri la - will trace the locations of the clues in nujiang 
          and deqen. a history component will cover the burma road of world war 
          ii flying tigers, and the old southern silk road of marco polo's time. 
         contact nujiang travel bureau  to receive the 
          itinerary. 


maps of nujiang (salween) river
showing the expedition/tour area in yunnan province.




 


the nujiang river project is located on the burmese (myranmar) border of
china and of tibet.  the nu (salween) river follows the china-burma border,
passing through the homeland of the dulong, nu, and lisu minority
nationalities.  details can be seen in the regional area map and the area
of the three autonomous prefectures where the future three rivers national
park will be located.
        regional map (jpg 106k) 
      



sponsors




the nujiang river project's official sponsors and hosts show a firm commitment of
china's government to conserve natural and cultural environments.

china environmental protection foundation, our national level sponsor, was
founded in april 1993 - the first non-profit ngo foundation dedicated to
environmental protection in china.  cepf is active in sponsoring
individuals and organizations who are making outstanding contributions to
the field.  we are proud to introduce cepf to other ngo organizations of
the world wishing to make contact with this distinguished foundation:  
mr. xu qinghua, secretary-general, cepf,  address:  no 1 yuhuinanlu, beisihuan,
chaoyang district, beijing 100029 p.r. china. fax:  0086-10-6493-1438; email:
cepfound@public3.bta.net.cn.

yunnan physical culture and sports committee, our host agency for the
outdoor sports program and the project's whitewater, climbing and cycling
permit procedure, also manages the world class olympic training programs
and training center of kunming. 

yunnan gaoligongshan national nature reserve, baoshan and nujiang
administrative divisions' manage this world famous protected area located in
nujiang lisu and baoshan prefectures.  they host all tours and species
studies within the gaoligong nature reserve and the adjacent tenchong hot
springs area.

nujiang lisu autonomous prefecture travel service company and its
subsidiaries, as the controlling agency over all tourism including paddling
in nujiang, runs support for all project tours, expeditions, and events
within nujiang.  led by distinguished minority scholars, nujiang travel is
also the host agency for all ethnology related tours and the archeology
search tour for the lost horizons' shangri la. see the nujiang travel bureau brochure.







 

1996 expedition team reports
        by white pearl, white pearl associates. 
         these were the first in web history ever to come out of china and 
          give detailed information on the river, the people, and the project 
          at work. river permits (below) gives specific information on the "pay 
          and go" whitewater package. 
        email chinariverscom at yahoo.com for description 
          of the new nujiang river permit system, and to sign up for paddling 
          during the winter season under the new convenient "draw system". 
        

expedition report 1
expedition report 2
expedition report 3
expedition report 4



river permits






other river, environmental and china urls



for details about current and future projects and tours contact:   
       
















 a big "thank you" to yiren advertising 
      for providing printing 
      for the usa-china nujiang river expedition team. 

authorized travel agent for tours: 
      travelease of boulder, travelease@aol.com; 
      
      2321 30th st, boulder, co 80301. 
      1-888-524-4182; 
 




webnag 2002, webslither 2001, webdragon 2000, webwabbit 1999, webcat 1998:
jeremy mccaleb of etherworlds.com




 
webpage written and maintained by white pearl associates, inc.
always pleased to receive comments.




all rights reserved.


