


irvine bankruptcy lawyer| law offices of joseph m. tosti, apc































 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			












blog




call for a free consultation

949-245-6288



























home



attorney profile



bankruptcy






bankruptcy myths

automatic stays

chapter 7

chapter 11 

chapter 13 

debt relief

creditor harassment 

bankruptcy faqs

bankruptcy process

benefits of bankruptcy

bankruptcy reform act 

foreclosure defense 

getting started 

life after bankruptcy

homestead exemption




personal injury






catastrophic injuries





brain and spinal cord injuries

broken bones

burn injuries



construction site accidents

dog bites and owner liability

elder abuse

medical malpractice





anesthesia errors



motor vehicle accidents





bicycle accidents

distracted driver accidents

drunk driver accidents

motorcycle accidents

pedestrian accidents

truck accidents

types of collisions

uber and lyft accidents

uninsured motorist accidents



personal injury faqs

premises liability

product liability





auto product liability



slip, trip and fall injuries

work-related accidents





workers’ compensation



wrongful death





wrongful death faq's






reviews



contact us



español






información bancarrota






blog





























						over 30 years of helping people when they need it most
					
our orange county bankruptcy lawyer has been helping clients for more than 30 years with cases involving bankruptcy and personal injury.
schedule your free consultation
































































irvine bankruptcy lawyer

bankruptcy representation in orange county, los angeles county and the inland empire.when you are in a financially vulnerable position where creditors are harassing you and you owe more than you can afford to pay, the law offices of joseph m. tosti is here to help. backed by 30+ years of experience handling bankruptcy cases and related matters, we represent consumers and businesses throughout orange county as they seek to end creditor harassment, avoid, wage garnishment, prevent foreclosure, discharge debts, and more.we are a debt relief agency pursuant to federal law §524 of title 11 of the us code, which means we are authorized to help people like you file for bankruptcy and other forms of relief under the united states bankruptcy code. our comprehensive services offer assistance through every stage of the bankruptcy process, from reviewing and filing the initial petition to declaring bankruptcy, to preparing for life after bankruptcy. our goal is to ensure that you are equipped with the skills, knowledge, and resources needed to remain financially stable and independent for years to come.
if you’ve found yourself so deep in debt that you see no way out, and you’re now asking yourself questions like the following, we can help.q: can i file for bankruptcy if i’m unemployed?a: yes. technically, the status of your employment does not prevent you from filing for bankruptcy; however, it can influence how successful you are in filing, especially under chapter 13 bankruptcy. q: will i lose my home if i file for bankruptcy?a: it’s often possible to keep your home in chapter 7 bankruptcy. q: do i have to make under a certain amount of money to be eligible to file?a: your income will not prevent you from filing for bankruptcy, but it will be used to determine which chapter is best suited for eliminating qualifying debts.we can help you get the answers to many more questions like these when you meet with a member of our team to review your circumstances. ultimately, whether bankruptcy is right for you is a personal decision, but it’s one we can help you make by arming you with the information you need to know about the options available to you given the circumstances. we would be happy to discuss more specifics about your situation during a free, confidential consultation.


give us a call at (949) 245-6288 or contact us online to get started. 














how can we help?







need help with creditors?




when you need help dealing with creditors, the law offices of joseph m. tosti, apc can provide you with skilled and experienced representation.


bankruptcy






have you been injured in an accident?




when someone else was negligent and careless, you are the one who was hurt. let our team fight for your rights and pursue fair compensation.


personal injury












dedicated to providing quality representation


							how we have served our clients
							
							
							
						


read client reviews







advice & guidance invaluable
“joe's advice and guidance, before, during, and after my bankruptcy were invaluable!”
–hazlett v.



very communicative
“kathe kept me abreast of the entire process and was very communicative.”
–aubry p.



honest quality
“it was a great experience for what it is, with everything completely done with out complications. joe tosti law offices is honest , quality attorney.”
–dee p.



a great attorney!
“almost immediately as i came in to his office, he handled it, and got the job done. great service, fast and affordable! joseph and his team helped me out big time. i felt at ease during the whole process. highly recommended.”
–james



mr. tosti takes care of business, & gets the job done. he doesn't settle until he knows his client has been compensated very well.
“i'm extremely happy with his professionalism & prompt service.”
–ericka p.


























you are not alonelet our team fight for you
when people are facing bankruptcy or have been injured in an accident, it is normal for them to feel alone and not sure of what to do next. at the law offices of joseph m. tosti, apc, we are here to provide you with skilled legal guidance and pursue the best possible option. millions of people every year are injured by another person's negligence or need to file for bankruptcy in order to save their homes or vehicles. our irvine bankruptcy lawyer knows the legal system and how to help you through this time. our free consultation can help you understand what your options are creditors or the insurance company and we can begin developing a legal strategy that is based on meeting your specific needs.

contact us











we have obtained settlements in excess of $60 million.






we have brought thousands of cases to successful conclusions.






we have been helping clients for more than 30 years.






you are able to work directly with our attorney.




















						call the law offices of joseph m . tosti today
						
							schedule your free and confidential consultation











first name


			            please enter your first name.
			        




last name


			            please enter your last name.
			        




phone


			            please enter your phone number.
			        

			            this isn't a valid phone number.
			        




email


						please enter your email address.
					

						this isn't a valid email address.
					




are you a new client?


yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.



						please make a selection.
					




how can we help you?


							please enter a message.
						





by submitting, you agree to be contacted about your request & other information using automated technology. message frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. text stop to cancel. acceptable use policy












				submit form
			


























office
949-245-6288

									15615 alton parkway,
										suite 210,
									
									 irvine, ca 92618
								
[+] map & directions










									quick links
								




home

bankruptcy

personal injury

why hire us

contact us

blog







search




































						the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.



site map


privacy policy






















