







home - rayne maker





























































































 

































  






home
raynedrops
the monk
shop
blog
 


















0












































  






home
raynedrops
the monk
shop
blog
















 















 




home
raynedrops
the monk
shop
blog
 


 


 

top


















	raynedrops to water your soul





 


poetry & books


“the only thing that can save the world is the reclaiming of the awareness of the world. that's what poetry does.“
- allen ginsberg - 



 


read





 


art & paintings 


“art to me is an anecdote of the spirit, and the only means of making concrete the purpose of its varied quickness and stillness.”
- mark rothko -



 


see





 


educational opportunities


“education is like a seed, that when watered with knowledge and experience,
grows into true wisdom.“
- richard s. hartmetz -



 


learn





 


labyrinths


“the labyrinth reintroduces the experience of walking a clearly defined path. in the act of walking, the soul finds solace and peace.” - lauren artress -



 


walk





 


spiritual exploration


“exploration is really the essence of the human spirit.“ frank borman



 


explore





 


unitarian universalism


“to commit to creating a prophetic congregation today is to grapple with what it means to take responsibility for co-creating the holy right here on earth.” meg riley (unitarian universalist, clergy, activist) 



 


pray





 


other streams


“study how water flows in a valley stream, smoothly and freely between the rocks. also learn from holy books and wise people. everything - even mountains, rivers, plants and trees - should be your teacher.“
- morihei ueshiba -



 


discover








	the monk



rev. dr. calen rayne is unitarian universalist lay community minister in buxton, maine and currently the director of organizational architecture at ubiquity university. calen has traveled extensively and spent time in north america, latin america, europe and asia studying with masters of both japanese and tibetan buddhist traditions, with bon and pre-literate bon masters, with geomancers from celtic and druid traditions, and with alchemists of various indigenous religions, known as “sacred conventions” or “patterns of heaven and earth.” calen is also a certified master of himalayan singing bowls with a singing bowl, over 600 hundred years old, previously used by practitioners of the nameless religion…





learn more about the monk's journey


	the monk's blog



see all posts












 



				december 20, 2022			


				introducing…the monk library			

over the past year, i’ve compiled a database of my life work to share publicly with everyone who may have interest. this includes ev





						admin					








 



				november 15, 2018			


				poetry raynedrop oct. 2018			

loud rains beat down on our sorrows now we must do this as in our world wild winds blow so stand tall and strong geese cry down from morni





						admin					








 



				september 3, 2018			


				art and the artistic process			

think of works of art as a visual representation of energy. by calen rayne





						admin					




 





no comments





sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.





 
 










 


themonk@raynemaker.com


 



 
maine, usa 
 



 


330-217-2121
 
 






 















 copyright © 2016 calen rayne. all rights reserved.

 






 





 
 



































