



growing banana plants, banana trees, banana, bananas,  growing bananas, banana pictires, banana pics, banana













growing    banana plants       banana trees 
musa 'manzano' (apple) 
           
growing information        temp: for best growth above 65°f is recommended. wind tolerantlight: full sun to no less than 30% shade. foliage growers should use 30%-60% shade.soil: good water holding capacity is neededmature height: 14-16type: desserthardiness: zone 9-10 
 this plant is seedless diploid that is rendered so by bearing sterile female flowers. it is not produced commercially on large scale but it is usually grown in backyards for family consumption. its sub-acid flavor is reminiscent of a cross between an apple and a very sweet banana, which make a pleasing combination. it must be allowed to ripen fully before eating. the plant is quite cold hardy and will not be harmed by temperatures that are close to freezing. if frost is allowed to form on its leaves they will turn brown. the plant grows 12 to 14 feet tall and is mostly green colored with just a light margin of red around the leaf.   
see our yahoo store for great prices on banana plants  and banana trees. 
be careful when buying field grown banana tree offshoots. some growers sell water banana tree shoots which have big leaves when small, these banana plants are no good for landscaping or bananas and should be cut off as the main banana plant grows. good field grown banana tree offshoots (corms) have sword like thin leaves until 3' tall. we have banana plants grown from healthy tissue culture clones. it is the only way to get disease free healthy banana plants. my banana trees are guaranteed to grow and to arrive in good condition. banana plant growing instructions are included. banana trees should produce very sweet tasting bananas in 9 to 12 months. the height can be controlled on most all banana plants, to any size, by just holding back on the fertilizer or the pot size.you must contact us within 4 days for damage by shipping or to get a replacement or refund with returned plant.we are a registered mail order plant nursery in melbourne, fl. and try to give 100% top quality service.you may also send a check or money order to: greenearth publishing inc.p.o.box 243, melbourne florida 32902.banana plants shipped only in the u.s.a. we sell the easiest banana plants and banana trees to grow and all can be grown in full sun, shade or inside your home.all banana plants weight is more than 16 oz.we have a perfect record with the better business bureau.all small plants are 2 months old not 1 month like most sell.growing instructions included.thanks for looking.dwarf cavendish banana tree - banana plant shipping now. dwarf cavendish banana plants get 5 to 6ft. and produces wonderful sweet tasting fruit. a vigorous banana tree with wider green leaves. one of the more common banana plant varieties in the usa. it is often seen container grown in back yards and botanical gardens alike. these banana trees have large bunches of full sized sweet smooth fruit. beautiful healthy 12" banana plant with wide leaves shipped.rowe red banana plants - banana trees  this is a banana plant grown for its attractive foliage only. the fruit is seeded and inedible. the slender banana plant grows 5-7 feet and is wind and cold resistant. the banana tree is well adapted to container growing and when grown this way will only reach 3-5 feet unless grown in a very large container. the banana tree stem is completely red. the banana plant leaves are narrow with green and red mottling on the top and solid maroon coloring on the bottom. beautiful approx. 12" banana plant shipped.dwarf green - red banana plant - banana tree  this is a beautiful dwarf green banana plant with red and green markings. this banana tree grows to 8'. sweet tasting, green skinned fruit that turns yellow. dark red & green trunk and on the borders of the large green leaves is a very thin red line. this is a dwarf red banana tree that mutates to a green red banana tree. a great banana plant for collecters. real nice approx. 12" size banana plant.hawaiian red iholena banana trees - banana plants   hawaiian red iholena banana tree is a versatile variety and is not only a beautiful banana plant, with the underside of the banana tree leaves being a soft burgundy color, but also used for eating out of hand, dehydrating, and cooking. this has to be the one of the best looking banana plants reaching up to 12' with good growing conditions. very sweet dessert banana. nice healthy approx. 12" banana plant shipped.mysore banana tree - banana plant  the banana tree with the most popular and delicious lady finger bananas we have tasted. popular in india, the mysore banana trees are an important commercial crop for that area of the world and we see why. the shelf life of these delicious little morsels out last any other by several days. they are sturdy and resistant to most problems as well as a fast growing banana tree. it is green leafed with a red midrib. undersides of banana plant leaves have pinkish, waxy coating. loved by children and adults alike! banana tree height 14-16 ft. healthy approx. 12" to 14" banana plant shipped.apple banana tree - banana plant  dessert type banana tree, pleasant apple flavor when fully ripe. fruit: 4 to 6 inches. this banana tree grows to 10 to 12 feet. the size and quality of this banana tree makes it one of the worlds best eating bananas as well as one of the best dessert bananas. very thin skined when ripe and super flavor. sweetest banana i've ever eaten. excellent banana tree for container growing as in the ground. nice looking too. healthy approx. 12" high banana plant shipped with soil.lady finger banana tree banana plant  indian cultivar banana tree with may small, very tasty fruits. it is wind and disease resistant. a very beautiful plant with large green leaves. can reach heights of up to 16’. healthy 12" plant with soil shipped.saba banana tree - banana plant  if you want a big banana tree fast get this one. the "sequoia" of the banana plants with huge pseudostem (range 12-24" diameter) and banana tree heights ranging from 16-20 ft. here, however the height can be controled to any size by just holding back on the banana plant fertilizer. does great indoors. the wonderful tasting cooking banana makes the best tostones we have ever eaten. can be eaten raw also, a sturdy banana plant and somewhat cool tolerant. a must for the collector. very healthy approx. 12" to 14" banana plant shipped.dwarf red banana tree - banana plant  this banana tree is known by many names in other parts of the world, (cuban red banan tree, jamaican red banana tree, indio, macaboo, etc) this very sweet lady finger banana plant type fruit is one of the most beautiful. it turns "sunset" colors when ripening from dark burgundy to orange, yellow-green and mutated colors in between. the full bodied flavor and distinctive sweetness make it worth the wait to give fruit. my favorite eating banana of all types, has a mellow peach flavor. the banana plant is very attractive, having a dark maroon pseudostem and redish pink in the midrib of the leaves. very wide green leaves that are so beautiful. the dwarf red banana tree grows 8 ft. to 10'. beautiful healthy dwarf red banana plant approx 12" with soil.high color mini banana plant  this is a super dwarf cavendish banana plant variety that only gets 3' high. produces excellent dessert type fruit. great for indoors. has red bloches on leaf top, a beautiful potted plant too. nice 1 month old plant shipped with soil.basjoo banana trees - banana plants  the plant has long, slender, bright green leaves. the ‘basjoo’ is the world’s cold hardiest banana tree. it is hardy planted in ground to -3°f and with protective mulching it can survive temperatures reaching down to -20°f. its inflorescence is one of the most beautiful of all bananas. strong fibers in the trunk of the 'basjoo' have been used to make fabrics. it is a great landscape plant, it lends a tropical appearance to any situation. this is a great addition for gardeners living in cold temperate areas. 'basjoo' also does very well in containers and makes a good interior plant. this banana can be grown in all 50 states. does not produce edible bananas... approx. 12" tall healthy banana plant shipped.giant plantain tree   the ‘giant plantain’ is rather slender and grows to a height of about 14 to 18 feet. the plant produces heads of long fruit with five to seven hands. the fruit are usually cooked rather than eaten fresh. the ‘giant plantain’ is not very wind tolerant but will grow well in protected areas. healthy approx 12" plant with soil shipped.rose banana plant - banana tree  one of our latest banana tree acquisitions and a real beauty. the slender banana tree pseudostem displays a soft reddish color and grows rapidly. the small fruit are very sweet and delicate. this banana tree is resistant to fusarium wilt, grows 6-8 ft. tall. approx. 12" high healthy banana plant shipped.goldfinger banana tree banana plant   a recent product of the banana plant breeding program in honduras, this cultivar has commercial potential. this banana tree has a high wind resistance, some cold tolerance, and excellent disease resistance with s strong pseudostem and base. it is an outstanding producer of delicious tasting bananas. healthy approx 12" high plant with soil.pitogo banana plant banana tree 'pitogo' is a very unusual banana. it has a solid green pseudostem 10 to 12 feet in height. banana resemble tennis balls in size and in shape; they are round not elongated. a dessert banana with excellent flavor. 'pitogo' is a must for serious collectors. grows in zone 8-10. healthy approx. 12" high plant with soil shipped.praying hands banana tree banana plant  this banana tree produces perhaps the most unusual and distinctive of all banana fruits. two adjacent hands of bananas are fused, giving the appearance of praying hands. this is not just a collector’s item, the fruits are delicious ripe, containing a hint of vanilla flavor. when totally ripe, individual bananas can be carefully separated from each other. an excellent all-around plant with some wind resistance; it is very collectible. healthy approx. 12" tall plant with soil shipped.rajapuri banana tree banana plant    the 'rajapuri' is small at 6 to 8 feet tall. this banana plant that originated from india is a first choice for landscaping. the banana plant is totally green, has a very thick stem and stands up very well to wind. the leaves are wider than those of most bananas growing up to 3 feet wide. it is the best plant to grow in marginal areas or where a grower does not intend to put much care into the cultivation of bananas. the heads of fruit are of moderate size with medium sized fruit that are very sweet. healthy approx. 12" tall plant with soil shipped.williams hybrid banana tree banana plant 'williams hybrid' is one of the main bananas of commerce. this banana plant grows to 6 to 8 feet. they produce very large heads of fruit that are sweet and delicious. they are wind resistant and cold hardy. healthy approx. 12" high plant with siol shipped.1000 fingers banana tree banana plant  this novelty is as unique as beautiful. when full grown at 10-12 ft. it produces a stalk of tiny round bananas that can continue to make fruit until it touches the ground (sometimes 5 ft. long or more) mostly used for ornamentation or landscape however the fruit is edible and sweet.banana leaves for cooking  2 big banana leaves (approx. 4'x 2') for cooking. this is a little more than comes in the frozen packs available from others. and these are fresh cut the day we send. 6 to 12  leaves needed usually for med. pig. shipped by priority mail.see recipes at the banana info page.more banana plant info (banana leaves recipes at bottom of this page)banana plant informationbanana plants are the largest plants on earth without a woody stem. they are actually giant herbs of the same family as lilies, orchids and palms.today's commercial banana trees are scientifically classified into the genus musa of the musaceae family.the cavendish banana tree is the most common variety of bananas now imported to the united states. the cavendish banana tree is a shorter, stubbier plant than earlier varieties. it was developed to resist plant diseases, insects and windstorms better than its predecessors. the cavendish banana tree fruit is of medium size, has a creamier, smooth texture, and a thinner peel than earlier varieties.banana trees are perennial crops that are grown and harvested year-round. the banana plant does not grow from a seed but rather from a rhizome or bulb. each fleshy banana plant bulb will sprout new shoots year after year.each banana plant bears only one stem of fruit. to produce a new stem, only two shoots - known as the daughter and the granddaughter - are allowed to grow and be cultivated from the main banana plant.the banana tree reaches its full height of 6 to 25 feet in about one year. the trunk of a banana plant is made of sheaths of overlapping leaves, tightly wrapped around each other like celery stalks.when a banana tree leaf formation is completed, a flowering stalk emerges from the top and a large bud grows downward from the stalk's tip. purplish leaves around the bud unfold and banana blossoms are revealed. each female blossom becomes an individual banana fruit.on each banana tree stem, ten or more bananas growing together are called "hands" and a single banana is called a "finger." four to six bananas sold in the retail store are called a "cluster."within 10 to 12 months, banana tree stems are ready to be harvested. stems average 150 fingers and weigh 85 to 100 pounds each. once a stem is removed, the main plant is cut away and the daughter becomes the main plant repeated the cycle.how to grow bananasthe banana (musa accuminata) is a berry formed from a superior ovary of three joined carpels arranged in an axile placentation. the flowers are born on long and pendulous inflorescence which are usually unisexual, that is, the female flowers are born near to the base of the peduncle (producing the typical banana berry fruits) whilst the male flowers are born on the tip of the same peduncle. seed may be produced or more usually, develop the berry parthenocarpically. both the seeded and the parthenocarpic berry are very similar in structure when flowering.broad, long, graceful leaves and rapid growth-commonly reaching full size in just a few weeks-make banana a favorite plant for providing a tropical look to pool and patio areas. the development of bananas following a frost-free winter is a source of both pride and amazement to those unfamiliar with banana culture.banana is a tropical herbaceous plant consisting of an underground corm and a trunk (pseudostem) comprised of concentric layers of leaf sheaths. at 10 to 15 months after the emergence of a new plant, its true stem rapidly grows up through the center and emerges as a terminal inflorescence which bears fruit.the flowers appear in groups (hands) along the stem and are covered by purplish bracts which roll back and shed as the fruit stem develops. the first hands to appear contain female flowers which will develop into bananas (usually seedless in edible types). the number of hands of female flowers varies from a few to more than 10, after which numerous hands of sterile flowers appear and shed in succession, followed by numerous hands of male flowers which also shed. generally, a bract rolls up and sheds to expose a new hand of flowers almost daily.soil and site selectionbanana grows in a wide variety of soils, as long as the soil is deep and has good internal and surface drainage. the effect of poorly drained soils can be partly overcome by planting in raised beds, as the plant does not tolerate poor drainage or flooding.the planting site should be chosen for protection from wind and cold weather, if possible. the warmest location in the home landscape is near the south or southeast side of the house.banana plant frost protection: bananas flourish best under uniformly warm conditions but can survive 28° f for short periods. if the temperature does not fall below 22° f and the cold period is short, the underground rhizome will usually survive. to keep the plants that are above ground producing, protection against low temperatures is very important. wrap trunk or cover with blanket if the banana plants are small and low temperatures are predicted. you can also dig up the roots with or without the banana plant above the ground, and store in a dark dry place inside untill spring. this is the best way for most.banana tree fertilization: their rapid growth rate make bananas plants heavy feeders. during warm weather, apply a balanced fertilizer once a month--a 8:10:8 npk fertilizer appears to be adequate. a mature plant may require as much as 1-1/2 to 2 pounds of the above fertilizer each month. young banana plants need a quarter to a third as much. spread the fertilizer evenly around the plant in a circle extending 4 feet from the trunk. feed container banana plants on the same monthly schedule using about half the rate for outside plants.soil: banana plants will grow in most soils, but to thrive, they should be planted in a rich, well-drained soil. the best possible location would be above an abandoned compost heap.cold protection of the top is possible by use of coverings and heat sources, but such is not often practical. however, in colder locations, soil can be banked around the trunk just before a projected cold spell to better protect the underground buds, which will allow the plant to regenerate in the coming spring. unprotected but well-established bananas across the u.s., with some exceptions, will regenerated after light freezes.some people dig the entire plant, rhizome and all, remove the leaves and store the plant, dry, in a heated area over winter. to assure survival, it is easier to dig small suckers, severed very close to the parent rhizome, and pot them for overwintering indoors. 
see our banana plants and banana trees at our yahoo store. 



banana plants   banana trees                  info@banana-plants.com                melbourne, florida 





