






















homes for heroes: real estate savings for heroes nationwide























skip to content

the wider impact:buy or sell a home with us and help fellow heroeshfh foundation
agents and lenders join here










logo homes for heroes



 

 
 

 

menu



 
 

close



home
for heroes

overview
firefighters and ems
law enforcement
military and veterans
healthcare professionals
teachers and educators


about

overview
our story
our foundation
our people
our hero partners
news


resources

overview
faq
calculators

overview
estimate your savings
mortgage calculator
mortgage rates


hero testimonials
local deals

overview
hero deal business signup


contact us


blog
get started
agents and lenders join here
 



 


helping others is your mission. helping you is ours.
exclusive real estate savings for heroes

receive significant savings from homes for heroes when you buy a home, sell a home, or refinance a mortgage with our local real estate and mortgage experts who are dedicated to serving heroes like you.


get started




 
firefighters and emslearn more
 
law enforcementlearn more
 
military and veteranslearn more
 
healthcare professionalslearn more
 
teachers and educatorslearn more



the biggest hero savings – guaranteed
heroes save an average of $3,000 when buying or selling a home with us — $6,000 if they do both! these savings are what homes for heroes and our local specialists provide our heroes. no red tape. no hidden fees. no catch.
you may also qualify for federal hud, state, county, or local first-time home buyer programs, down payment assistance, or grants. unlike other organizations that promote these government benefits without verifying eligibility, we focus on our guaranteed savings. if you’re eligible for additional programs, we’ll help you access those as well, further boosting your savings.

get started








estimate your savings
learn how much you could save on your home purchase. adjust the slider to see potential savings when you buy with a homes for heroes real estate and mortgage specialist. this is an estimate. your actual savings may vary.



 






your home price





your savings
$2,600



get started






partnering with agents and lenders nationwide
over 3,000 local real estate agents and mortgage professionals joined homes for heroes to become part of a like-minded, service-oriented team that prioritizes giving back to their local heroes. working with heroes is both personal and professional. many of our agents and lenders served in our hero groups. they understand some of the challenges faced by heroes. it makes them really good at finding solutions, and having people like that in your corner to assist with buying and selling a home is a valuable asset.

join us to serve heroes





3 results available
results


recent homes for heroes articles



view all articles










housing market trends february 2025 | residential snapshot










house hunting checklist | home buyers pick must-haves (free printable pdf)










how much house can i afford? | home affordability calculator










learn how you can save on your next home
complete the form and connect with the homes for heroes team. discover how we serve you and help you save thousands when you buy a home, sell a home, or refinance a mortgage with us.

get started

 









contact
careers
hero partners
search
affiliate login
agent & lender articles

sitemap
terms and conditions
privacy policy
sms terms of service
cookie policy


facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube



sitemap
terms and conditions
privacy policy
sms terms of service
cookie policy


	© copyright 2025, homes for heroes®. all rights reserved.





homes for heroes, inc., (“homes for heroes”) is a licensed real estate company in the state of minnesota. 
*hero rewards not available in all states. hero rewards offers are limited and/or restricted in alaska, kansas, and mississippi. all potential savings amounts are estimates. hero rewards amount may vary based on the services used, sale price of the home (less appropriate credits), and in special circumstances, including, but not limited to, new construction, commission percentage, and for sale by owner sales. you must be enrolled with homes for heroes and be represented at closing by a homes for heroes real estate specialist to be eligible for home price savings. you must work with a homes for heroes mortgage specialist and business affiliates to be eligible to receive additional service-related savings. contact homes for heroes for further details.
web design by plaudit
















manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent


 





 



