










the vault recording studios, houston, tx - high quality digital recording, mixing, cd mastering
& cd duplication. audio books on cd, voice-overs, karaoke recording and
more.



                   

                         

  

  

  

  

  

                                             

                     

  

 

  


  

 
 

      the vault recording studios in houston, texas
713-851-0265


      e-mail:
info@vaultrecording.com

     
9135
katy freeway, suite #1, houston, tx 77024

  

 
                                                                                                                                                                 
      
                             


      

the vault recording studios have moved. at the
new location, i will feature mixing and mastering. some vocal work will also
take place. for more information, call dave williams at 713-851-0265. thank you.



the
vault recording studios are in houston, texas. multi-track digital recording,
mixing, cd mastering, cd duplication, audio books on cd, music arrangements,
tracks, beats, voice-overs, karaoke recording and more! product distribution now
available through major distributors. call now for information.

   

      
  with many years of experience in

sound recording

 and     record
production, our clients have counted on our ability to deliver clean musical
tracks of the highest quality, carefully mixed  & mastered 
for their music
projects
  and finished cd masters. we
also do short-run promotional cd copies. see our "rates" page for more details. if
you are seriously interested in international
online cd 
distribution  for your
songs or record label, contact us about our affiliation with major distributors
such as  universal music
group  and ingrooves. 
we can now truly handle all of your recording needs from the very first
note to the final product to your online or retail presence!
                                     
    
     


      

  the vault's studio "a",  with its british, analog,
studiomaster
trackmix console, features  cubase,
protools, wavelab, 
sonic foundry,     
the vault's studio "a",  with its british, analog,
studiomaster
trackmix console, features  cubase,
protools, wavelab, 
sonic foundry,
    
studio
"b" 
comes with cubase, 
protools
and akg
microphones. a great sounding tracking room for smaller cd projects, mix-tapes,
pre-production, etc.


    
studio "c" is our a&r, pre-production and tracking room. no
vocals here, but analog and virtual synths, great for working out musical
arrangements, beats and general meetings with music in mind.




    
the vault recording studios 
 

 also offers a full range of related music, recording and business

services including:
cd voice-overs,
 karaoke recording,
radio
 & record
 



 promotion,
 song writing,
 music arranging,
 scoring,
musicians available, 
 production supervision and coordination.  plain language business
consultation, contract

consultation/review and contract negotiation are available at affordable

rates.  see services

offered.
     



the vault's dave
williams says, "the music industry has never been more competitive. the
term "good enough" no longer cuts it. you must maximize your musical
potential in order to win. you must present your material in the most
professional manner your budget will allow."  even if you record your
songs in your home studio, consider finishing your vocals, mixes or 
mastering at the vault studios in houston, texas. many of our clients know our
work and know we pay attention to their projects. they also know we are a good
source of important industry information that helps them not make the usual
mistakes made by many. that is why they return to the vault studios again and
again. don't take chances with your musical career. your project is important to us. 
 if you sound good, we look good! 
ryan michael galloway of gigsterclinics.com
( a resource for rising performers) interviews dave williams of the vault
studios

we have
on-site parking, and there are several restaurants, convenience

stores and hotels in the immediate area. the vault
recording studios,  at  9135 katy freeway, suite #1,  houston, texas,
77024 (interstate 10 
just
east of  echo lane/blalock road, exit 759) can be easily reached. contact

us 

 ocall 713-722-8900 or text 713-851-0265 for directions



 or click on the yahoo! map below.

 
 




map of 
9135 katy fwy ste 1houston, tx 77024-1619

check out our "services"
& "faq" pages..... we're sure we can help with your next cd
project!








visitors to our site  



contact

information       

david
williams at the vault recording studios
telephone:
713-851-0265 
text: 713-851-0265

address:
9135 katy freeway, suite 1, houston, texas 77024
e-mail:
info@vaultrecording.com

 




                                               



         the vault recording studios,
houston, tx
 

