


home - massachusetts rifle association




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top






"america's oldest active gun club"




		massachusetts rifle association
	



we are accepting applications for new membership.







share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter


homeexplore firearms safety training mra history rangesoffice office info directions to the mra board of directors scholarships crew 357 contact usshooting disciplines  bullseye pistol juniors pistol program action shooting military rifle matches mra rifle matches cmp matches small bore rifle shotgun sports events calendar new member process mra range rules eblast signup firearms safety training


















member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel











welcome to "mass rifle"



the massachusetts rifle association (mra) was founded on november 4, 1875 and has been the home to many pioneers and innovators in the area of the shooting sports.  harry m. pope, the world famous maker of the precision rifle barrels, e.e. partridge, the inventor of the sights that bear his name and the author corbin gould who, in 1885, published "the rifle", the forerunner to the nra's "the rifleman"  all were early members of the mra who used the club's facilities to put their theories on shooting to the test.

from 1875, with thirty members and horse drawn carriages bringing shooting enthusiasts and civil war veterans, to the over 1,000 members that the mra has today, we have promoted the safety, education, discipline and yes, the fun that can be had while enjoying the shooting sports.

we welcome new shooters as well as "old hands" as members and offer 24 hour key fob access to our two indoor ranges (50 and 75 feet) as well as the availability of several outdoor ranges including: a 100 and 200 yard rifle range; a 50 yard rifle/pistol range;  30 foot pistol range; trap field; sporting clays field and archery range.  our members have gone to the national matches and many participate on our rifle and pistol teams (beginners welcome and mentoring available at no extra cost) and in various levels of competition.  we also have a very active junior's program to teach young adults the shooting disciplines in a safe and educational environment.

our welcome to you today is as cordial as that extended by our founders for almost 150 years ago.  please feel free to visit us on the web or stop by our offices on sunday mornings from 9am to 12 noon or wednesday evenings from 6pm to 8pm where one of our volunteers will be happy to give you a tour.

the future of the massachusetts rifle association...


will it include you? current weather     mra eventsclick here for full calendar









home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







