


untitled document






 welcome to the new, improved kodtrak kountry
      website. as you can see by our banner, the heavy emphasis on
      the new york, ontario & western railway in this site has
      prompted us to award owen w. a promiment place on the website
      of the klique o' de train related activities cooperative. i intend
      to update all the pages here. updates are listed in the mail
      crane section. in the meantime, the old pages will still be available.







the mail crane
latest updates and news

 
the
      new york, ontario & western railway and its predecessor,
      the new york & oswego midland. photos, articles and more.





last of the big time steam!
china, march, 2003

 





the
      midcontintent railway museum in north freedom, wi. home of c&nw
      #1385 and snow train


picture
      this is a selection of photos on various railroad subjects





the crystal creek southern has been
      abandoned. watch for the new nyo&w layout page.



rail
      city near sandy pond, ny was one of the earliest steam railroad
      museums




     

interesting
      tidbits gleaned from newspaper stories, company records and personal
      research relating to the ny central, lackawanna and other railroads


the
      lehigh valley auburn branch ran from sayre, pa thru auburn, ny
      to the coal docks at north fair haven on lake ontario




the
      historic port of oswego, new york hosted plenty of rail activity
      beginning in 1848. visit oswego and see what i enjoyed during
      my college years.


the
      new york & oswego midland was the predecessor of the o&w.
      learn about the midland's men and machines.




john
      wissinger's ho scale traction line


the
      ho scale allegheny midland railroad of john wissinger




vignettes
      are bits of information from railroad files and articles from
      old newspapers that illustrate those little facets of railroading
      that are so intriguing.

auburn,
      ny. my home town. views of auburn from the 1960s back to 1837,
      including information on the auburn & syracuse and auburn
      & rochester rail roads.


 
sign
my guestbookview
my guestbook
the
spammers got me!
due
to increased spam clogging my email, i have added the words
deletethisefirst
to the beginning of the address.
when
you click the link below, be sure to delete these words before
sending your mail.
 
email kodtrak headkwarters

fastcounter by linkexchange
 
 
 
 
 
 
http://members.hostedscripts.com/antispam.html
 



