






rgb communications







































this site uses cookies that store non-personal information  to help us improve our site.  





 login 












home
about

about rgb
our team
support
doing business with us
working for us
manufacturers


products

shop by category
shop by manufacturer
shop by product category:

 acoustic treatments 
 audio & video conferencing 
 audio & video signal management 
 home automation 
 lighting & blinds 
 mounts 
 networks 
 power management 
 projectors and projection screens 
 racks 
 security cameras 
 speakers 
 rgb installation essentials 


shop by manufacturer:

 adept audio - speakers 
 artison - speakers 
 artnovion - bespoke acoustic treatments 
 avstumpfl - projection screens 
 blustream - av distribution 
 bpc - power management 
 canon - ptz camera's 
 chief - display mounts 
 clearone - audio conferencing 
 cleerline technology - fibre optic cabling 
 da-lite - projection screens, lifts & furniture 
 devialet - speakers 
 ethereal - hdmi cabling 


 
 gude - power management & monitoring 
 hikvision - led screens and security solutions 
 humly - space management 
 ic realtime - cctv cameras 
 kramer - signal management 
 lande - equipment racks 
 lutron - lighting control & bespoke blinds 
 middle atlantic - equipment racks 
 netgear - networking solutions 
 nexus 21 - tv lifts and mounts 
 penn elcom - equipment racks 
 polar bear design - thermostats and keypads 
 purelink - cabling solutions 
 qmotion - bespoke blinds 
 savant - control, multi-room audio & speakers 
 vaddio - cameras, conferencing & av systems 
 videotree - mirror, outdoor and bathroom tvs 







training

training
web-based training
training diary
knowledge bank


news & events

news
events


resources

case studies
downloads
demo facilities


contact 








 lutron radiora 3 is here  new keypad. new lighting source.  get qualified today!   register now 



 couldn't make it to ise?  join us at our demo facility  20th february   register now 



 upgraded stand at the nsbrc  visit us at stand #140  in swindon   read more 



 new partnership announcement  blustream. now available.   read more 





welcome to rgb communications
 rgb is a premier audiovisual distributor, delivering cutting-edge products and expertise to av resellers and custom installers. by partnering with world-renowned brands and maintaining strong customer relationships, we ensure top-quality solutions.⭐️ our extensive range includes projection, image processing, networking, lighting, shading, home automation, racks, power solutions, audio/video conferencing, and speakers—providing everything needed for seamless av integration.with a commitment to technical excellence, exceptional support, and award-winning service, we proudly represent the industry’s finest brands, setting new standards for innovation and reliability in av technology. 













our "couldn't make it to ise?" event is back for 2025! come and see what you might have missed from our leading partners! whether you attended or not, this is a great opportunity to explore some of the cutting-edge tech that wasn’t at ise, including blustream, lutron, hikvision and polar bear design!⭐️ join us at our london demo facility on the 20th february from 3pm to 8pm!register here!












































                                                                     











find out more






 acoustic treatments 







 audio & video conferencing 







 audio & video signal management 







 home automation 







 lighting & blinds 







 mounts 







 networks 







 power management 







 projectors and projection screens 







 racks 







 security cameras 







 speakers 







 rgb installation essentials 












 17.02.25 
 purelink’s 18gbps usb-c kvm switcher set with dante and multiview features 
 the puretools 5x2 hdbaset 3.0 kvm multiview switcher set with dante delivers exactly that, offering unmatched flexibility, seamless device integration, and powerful audiovisual capabilities. read more




 10.02.25 
 chief velocity outdoor pedestal system: the ultimate modular digital signage solution 
 the chief velocity outdoor pedestal system is designed to meet these needs by providing a modular, durable, and easy-to-install pedestal mount that supports samsung and lg 55” outdoor displays.   read more


 10.02.25 
dante just got easier with blustream, netgear and devialet  
 in the world of audio and video, achieving seamless integration without a hassle is the dream. thanks to a powerful collaboration between blustream, netgear, and devialet, that dream is now a reality.   read more


news & events








01488 73366

join us



13–14 headlands trading estateheadlands groveswindon, wiltssn2 7jq
sales@rgbcomms.co.uk


about rgb
t & cs
privacy
cookies
contact



members of

copyright © 2025 rgb communications ltd, all rights reserved






  












