







kenny & ziggy's






























































































cart
















0
















              order now
            

        we schlep nationwide
      

              catering & events
            

        shiva
      

            who we are
          

            gallery
          

            contact us
          

        gift cards
      

        superbowl
      





































































cart
















0











order nowwe schlep nationwidecatering & eventsshivawho we aregallerycontact usgift cardssuperbowl


















scroll








serving your favorite dishes, dine-in or curbside.

 


    menu
  




    join waitlist
  

 

dine in for any of our famous dishes or order curbside packaged to eat in the comfort of your home, brought straight to your car for pick up.*currently available 8:00 a.m. -  9:00 p.m.




























have kenny and ziggy’s deliver to your home, office, or meeting. 

  























 









do you latke what you see?





































our deliour goal is to please you, and we don’t cut corners in the process. we painstakingly take the time to make sure everything is “just what the customer ordered!” we are known for our sky-scraping sandwiches, bountiful breakfast plates and old world favorites. authenticity is key, from the crunchy pickles and fluffy matzo balls to expertly sliced fish to traditional egg creams. we do everything the old-fashioned way, including pickling and curing our own meats, making blintzes and pastries fresh daily, hand-rolling our stuffed … and more! just like your bubbe used to do. (dare we say better than your bubbe?)



our catering servicesfrom bagel to banquet, mitzvah to marriage, kenny & ziggy’s caters events of all sizes and descriptions. our catering professionals can assist from start to finish to create the perfect event, from the menu selection to professional service. choose from our suggested menus, or let us customize one justfor your celebration!




    deli menu
  




    catering
  








have your blintz and eat it, too.at kenny and ziggy’s, we make it our mission to give our customers the ultimate geshmak (yiddish for “delicious” or “tasty”) experience by combining traditional new york deli food with contemporary cuisine. 











the whole megillah




    meet ziggy
  





















find us

 

galleria area1743 post oak blvdhouston, tx 77056directions 

 
   
















































































k&z at home menu



schlep



delivery



about our food



blintz



about us



new page



new gallery










schmooze with us.






























































kenny & ziggy's
1743 post oak boulevard,
houston, tx, 77056,
united states
713-871-8883


hours
mon 8am - 9pm
tue 8am - 9pm
wed 8am - 9pm
thu 8am - 9pm
fri 8am - 9pm
sat 8am - 9pm
sun 8am - 9pm




1743 post oak blvdphone: 713-871-8883hours:monday - sunday 8 a.m. - 9 p.m.



 




please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility
please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility






