






village green - bradenton florida


























941-792-2363
berealtor01@gmail.com















home
available units
floor plans
maps
links
privacy policy
 





select page


  
 



 



 










village green
located in bradenton, florida





relax




















bradenton florida
village green
village green is located in bradenton, florida and is an ideal location to spend your active, retirement or leisure time. the village green community offers wonderful amenities and the best value on homes and condos in the area.







benefits of living here
village green in bradenton is a traditional neighborhood that is very attractive to families, single professionals and retirees.  it is located just south of manatee avenue as it heads west towards holmes beach and anna maria island.
development of village green started in the 1970s.  back then, the neighborhood planners set aside portions of land as nature preserves, which have aged into mature forests filled with tall pines, jacarandas, oaks, and palm trees; as a result, the various residential sections enjoy lots of shade and privacy, and each has its own neighborhood association and swimming pool.
the older single-family residences at village green are florida ranch-style homes built on large lots.  these properties tend to be affordable: a four-bedroom and two-bathroom home with 10,019 square feet of interior can be found in the  $300k price range.  even the villas are spacious: a two-bedroom and two-bathroom villa with a 1,657 square feet interior can be found in the $200k range.
large portions of village green have been remodeled in recent years, and the old golf course has been parceled for new residential developments.  in 2015, an international home builder started development of mirabella, a new section that has attracted active seniors’ interested in amenities such as a dog park, swimming pool with clubhouse, and a fitness center.
pricing at mirabella is competitive as the floor plans are extremely attractive and the villas were developed with energy efficiency in mind.  in terms of convenience, neighbors of village green live just minutes away from the large commercial district that runs along the western section of manatee avenue.  downtown bradenton and holmes beach are about 10 minutes away.
the village green community continues to be a desired bradenton neighborhood to reside in.











residential

the village green community provides opportunities for residents to stay active and enjoy walking paths, and social activities.
 
 








surroundings

village green includes 575 free standing homes maintained by their owners. these homes differ in design, but are equal in quality and adhere to the deed restrictions collectively placed on them by the homeowners.








condo association

the condo associations have their own pools and most have shuffleboard courts.
village green offers affordable quality living in a great location just minutes away from the gulf of mexico and beautiful beaches.







to learn more about village green in bradenton, florida   e-mail barbara edwards:  berealtor01@gmail.com or her website http://www.teamscholfield.com








village green includes 575 free standing homes maintained by their owners. these homes differ in design, but are equal in quality and adhere to the deed restrictions collectively placed on them by the homeowners.






village green











office
6112 1st ave wbradenton, fl 34209








call us
(941) 792-2363








email us
berealtor01@gmail.com





 








© 2001 - 2023 team scholfield | all rights reserved | designed and hosted by team creations inc. 




 










