







the seldom scene












































        
          
            the seldom scene
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















              home
            

            tour
          

            shop
          

            band
          

            contact
          
































































cart
















0











hometourshopbandcontact





                
                  
                    the seldom scene
                  
                
              











scroll





















 

latest news

 











‘remains to be scene’ out march 14th on cd, lp, and digital formats via smithsonian folkways.you can pre-order the album and listen to the first single, “last of the steam-powered trains,” now!




    listen or pre-order here
  













clay hess joins the seldom scenewith the recent retirement of dudley connell after nearly three decades, the seldom scene had big shoes to fill. coming from a family of musicians in athens, oh, clay is no stranger to bluegrass music. he was the lead guitarist for ricky skaggs and kentucky thunder, winning a grammy award during his tenure there. he has also worked with sierra hull, tim shelton, and mountain heart. “dudley had his fall, and they reached out to me on sunday to see if i could fill in. i figured, ‘why not? this could be fun.’ i had to learn 16 songs in six days.. apparently it went okay.”




    read the full bluegrass today article
  













dudley connell announces retirementdear friends, after twenty-nine years of working with the seldom scene, i will be leaving the band at the end of the year, 2024.it’s been a wonderful run, and i have enjoyed every minute of it.i’m grateful to have had the opportunity to work with my good friends in the scene – they are some of the finest people and greatest musicians a person could hope to play with.most of all, thank you all for the almost thirty years of support and i wish the very best of luck to the seldom scene in the future.i’ll miss you all.




    read the bluegrass today article
  








welcome



new page
















 powered by squarespace











