










home - henry county chamber of commerce - ga





























































 
 

















skip to content














 
member directorytogether4henryvisit henryjoin today











facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram






































menu 
business resources culture toolkit covid-19 resources sbdc score small business resources business resource centerwhat’s new blog chamber calendar chamber news community calendar hot deals job postings member news ribbon cuttingsget involved chamber calendar community calendar signature events annual banquet innovation summit educator launch golf classic henry day at the capitol intergovernmental retreat star breakfast women’s empowerment summit programs engagement and inclusion committee emerging business leaders program leadership henry business advisory council strategic communications women’s leadership council youth leadership henrymember center member login elite member highlights chairman’s circle champion’s circle president’s circle sponsorship opportunities certificates of origin add an eventthe chamber about us ambassadors chamber board chamber impact cvb board education foundation staffour region demographics govt & municipalities mcdonough stockbridge hampton locust grove legislative agenda esplost splost tsplost together4henry.com visit henry county gajoin today application member benefits membership levels orientationcontact us hudgins room contact us








 















 
give voice to the communityadvocate for business and community 
 


 
provide quality services and programsoffer skills, resources for growth 


get involved


 


 
improve the economic environmentconnect with customers, vendors, and resources 


connect now


 


 
create a legacy of leadershipbuild today for tomorrow’s successes 


get inspired


 

































mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more
















 
empower your path - empower her coffee hour 
join us for the "empower her coffee hour," a transformative monthly series designed exclusively for women business leaders and entrepreneurs! on the first thursday, september through february (excluding december), each hour-long event is packed with enriching topics and dynamic speakers...guaranteed to invigorate and inspire, fueling your personal and career growth while propelling your business to new heights. don’t miss this opportunity to connect, learn, and elevate your journey!
learn more 



















 
business resource center 
with input from our entrepreneurs and small business owners, we are working to create a one-stop center for collaboration, counseling, and learning. stop in today for a tour.
learn more 



















 
emerging business leaders 
emerging business leaders are energizing the chamber and defining their business needs while building relationships. attend an ebl mixer and ask about its mentoring program.
learn more 



















become a member
when you invest in a henry county chamber membership, you’re not only investing in your future, you are also supporting the economic vitality of our southern crescent region. whether you’re a young professional looking for networking and career development programs, or a small business looking to take your success to the next level, or an executive shaping the landscape of our community, we offer exceptional services and activities to meet your needs. our programs, services, and activities are educational, enjoyable, and meaningful







join today












thank you to our elite members






the businesses that make up the elite partnership, partner with the chamber in a combined effort to strengthen henry county’s economic climate through their substantial contributions to the chamber. this helps advance its mission and economic development initiatives that help preserve henry county’s reputation as a dynamic and vibrant location to do business.














 












© 2025 henry county chamber of commerce – ga
 | 
site by growthzone












mission driven. member focused.





























henry county chamber of commerce









map




1709 highway 20 west, mcdonough, ga 30253 










phone number




(770) 957-5786 










email




email us 










facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram






























 © 2025 henry county chamber of commerce - ga.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 





















