








 


q-tips®


































skip to main content






























home
products
#qtipshacks
search
 

search














america's ultimate home and beauty tool
 q stands for quality.
  see products 







two tips. endless possibilities.
 your go-to tool for beauty, baby care, first aid, cleaning, and more.
  see products 







we want to hear from you!
 if you love q-tips as much as we do, leave a review.
  submit a review 




previous
play-pause
next
















 


#qtipshacks for life discover all the creative ways you can use q-tips® cotton swabs and q-tips® beauty rounds!
get tips get tips







 


follow us on instagram if you can think it, you can do it with q-tips®. check out our page for our latest creative solutions for the unexpected.
follow us follow us







 


get crafty with us on pinterest take a peek into our pinterest page that's filled with tips + inspiration for any fun occasion.
follow us follow us











 contact us 1-800-265-7964 about faq contact q-tips® site map terms of service privacy notice elida beauty do not sell or share my personal information
 
  social insta  social pin  social tweet  social fb  © 2024 tigi linea corp (d/b/a elida beauty). all rights reserved. this website is directed only to u.s. consumers for products and services of elida beauty united states.this website is not directed to consumers outside of the u.s. q-tips® is a registered trademark of elida beauty and is not a name for just any cotton swabs. the q-tips® trademark can only be used to refer to the specific cotton swab products manufactured and sold by elida beauty and should not be used to refer to cotton swab products of other companies or to cotton swabs generally. appropriate generic terminology for cotton swabs includes the terms "cotton", "stick(s)" and "swab(s)". misuse of the q-tips® trademark constitutes an infringement of elida beauty's exclusive rights in the mark. *from the end of the stick to the top of the swab. this claim applies to q-tips® cotton swabs only. 













top











