









this can't be happening! - '...a major destabilizing influence'















































		skip to content	








this can't be happening!
'…a major destabilizing influence'





















 the only news organization in the us to be labeled a threat by the department of homeland security

 








    menu	
useful and important websites
support this website!
who, and what, are we?









posts






		to our loyal readers:	
please take a moment to go to our new substack site and subscribe (it’s free!)posted on march 18, 2024march 18, 2024 by dave lindorff 

  please take a moment to go to our new site at:  https://thiscantbehappening.substack.com/ we are transitioning away from this site we’ve had for 14 years because it was to hard to get our readers to contribute to our effort to provide the news and commentary that is not available in the rest of the media. … 
continue reading “please take a moment to go to our new substack site and subscribe (it’s free!)”






in solidarity with our brother aaron bushnellposted on february 29, 2024march 19, 2024 by ron ridenour 

solidarity maximum with the oppressed for whom you sacrificed your life will resonate forever, my brother. one day, the people will rise up against, as you told us in your last breath,”i will no longer be complicit in genocide. i am about to engage in an extreme act of protest, but compared to what people … 
continue reading “in solidarity with our brother aaron bushnell”





		attention tcbh subscribers and occasional readers: 	
please go to the substack site for tcbh! and subscribe (it’s free)posted on january 29, 2024january 29, 2024 by dave lindorff 

    for the time being, while all of us are getting used to using the new substack site (which is: https://thiscantbehappening.substack.com/), only dave’s articles will bve appearing. the other writers will be continuing to post on the old side at https://www.thiscantbehappening.net, but unless you are on our email blast list for the old site, … 
continue reading “please go to the substack site for tcbh! and subscribe (it’s free)”






one time i saw a manposted on january 24, 2024 by gary lindorff 

one time i saw this: i saw a man coming down the middle of the road with a hoe on his shoulder and from the hoe swung a bucket.   there were no cars on the road. no cars coming or going. only he was coming.   when i saw this man i asked myself, … 
continue reading “one time i saw a man”






just a reminder about the move of tcbh! to substackposted on january 23, 2024january 23, 2024 by dave lindorff 

we are in the process of moving the thiscantbehappening! website, now in its 12th year, to the substack platform. for now, you can read all the posts by john grant, linn washington, jess guh and gary lindorff on this site. if you want to read any new articles by dave lindorff, you have to go … 
continue reading “just a reminder about the move of tcbh! to substack”





		free julian assange	
john pilger: a giant muckraker dies at 84posted on january 2, 2024january 2, 2024 by ron ridenour 

one of my three journalist mentors, john pilger, died december 30, 2023, of pulmonary fibrosis. i first knew of his work when he covered the us’s aggressive dirty war (with australia’s active support) against vietnam-cambodia-laos when i was an anti-war activist in the united states. as jeremy corbyn wrote about him, “john gave a voice … 
continue reading “john pilger: a giant muckraker dies at 84”





		check our our latest article (#2) on our new in-progress tcbh! substack 	
no virginia, that’s not snow over gaza and lebanon for the holiday; it’s white phosphorus sent by uncle samposted on december 13, 2023december 13, 2023 by dave lindorff 

visitors and occasional readers of thiscantbehappening who aren’t on our blast list may not know it, but we are. in the process of moving our now 14-year-old news site to substack.com, a subscription platform that will cost $8 a month to subscribers, $80 per year or $150 for a lifetime subscription.  at this point i … 
continue reading “no virginia, that’s not snow over gaza and lebanon for the holiday; it’s white phosphorus sent by uncle sam”






on the dying leaf: sand-blasted commentary on eventsposted on december 5, 2023 by gary lindorff 


 


  sound of the bullets the room was dark held his ground you need not go in front of the inevitable gathered up a large handful dreamed and planned and saved feeling his way with caution i went back to my room you need not go turned out the light it was the mother an … 
continue reading “on the dying leaf: sand-blasted commentary on events”





		check it out -- especially the recommendation at the end of a remarkably thoughtful and philosophical review	
‘a compassionate spy’ just got the most incredible review!posted on december 3, 2023december 3, 2023 by dave lindorff 

  to read the whole review in the decider (it’s worth it! and they’ve also got a the official trailer embedded in it), go here. here  are some particularly good parts of  john serba’s incisive nov. 30 review and his parting recommendation: “the documentary a compassionate spy (now streaming on hulu) arrived nearly in concert with oppenheimer, … 
continue reading “‘a compassionate spy’ just got the most incredible review!”





		henry kissinger nrip (1923-2023)	
is there a 10th circle of hades available for heinz?posted on december 1, 2023december 3, 2023 by dave lindorff 

  henry (heinz) alfred kissinger, national security director and secretary of state to richard nixon and gerald ford and advisor to eight other presidents, died at 100 years of age on november 30. already the corporate media and politicians are memorializing him as a great statesman and brilliant diplomat, but for the many countries his … 
continue reading “is there a 10th circle of hades available for heinz?”



posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 206
next page  








			search for:		


  
		search	




john grant’s posts
roy bourgeois and male supremacy
fri, july 29, 2022
i permit no woman to teach or to have authority over men. she is to keep  silent. - timothy 1, 2:12-13 if the patriarchy that dominates the church is not…
all john grant's postsdave lindorff’s posts
please take a moment to go to our new substack site and subscribe (it's free!)
mon, march 18, 2024
  please take a moment to go to our new site at:  https://thiscantbehappening.substack.com/ we are transitioning away from this site we've had for 14 years because it was to hard…
all dave lindorff's postsgary lindorff’s posts
one time i saw a man
wed, january 24, 2024
one time i saw this: i saw a man coming down the middle of the road with a hoe on his shoulder and from the hoe swung a bucket.  …
all gary lindorff's posts


alfredo lopez’s posts
protecting privacy in the age of coronavirus pandemic
thu, april 2, 2020
  our current global coronavirus pandemic leaves many casualties. although nowhere near as immediate or searing as sickness and death, the potential loss of our privacy is among them. privacy…
all alfredo lopez's postslinn washington’s posts
smack down for efforts to silence mumia abu-jamal
sat, october 7, 2023
providence, ri – the decades long efforts to erode the public credibility of u.s. political prisoner mumia abu-jamal sustained a substantial setback recently at an unlikely location: an ivy league…
all linn washington's postsoutside contributors
on the situation in gaza: a statement by radical elders
sat, november 11, 2023
` (issued nov. 2, 2023)  radical elders adds our voice to the worldwide outcry for an immediate ceasefire in the israeli government’s genocidal war against palestinians in gaza. the insanity…
all a contributor to thiscantbehappening!'s postsjess guh’s posts
black panther: an amazing moment for people of color, an okay moment for women
sun, march 4, 2018
as a queer woman, when it comes to film, i fulfill pretty much all of the stereotypes. i don’t really like action films. i am underwhelmed by special effects and…
all jess guh's postsron ridenour’s posts
in solidarity with our brother aaron bushnell
thu, february 29, 2024
[caption id="attachment_6950" align="alignnone" width="1024"] us aiman arron bushnell after igniting himself in front of the israeli embassy in dc as a protest against that country's genocide against palestinians, with us_provided…
all ron ridenour's postschuck young”s posts
capitalism and mental illness: back to the future?
thu, december 27, 2012
a 21st century psychotherapist steps into a time machine and comes out in atlanta in 1855. having no other marketable skills, he hangs out a shingle and promises new remedies…
all chuck young's posts


  
new: a headline news service (with links) run by and for millennials who want to be in the knowwe are temporarily out of t-shirts because of popular demand. if you'd like a t-shirt, please join our campaign to raise funds for a new order. use the donade button above. anyone who contributes $50 towards that project will receive a free shirt once we get them made, so include your snailmail address!
be a 'major destabilizing influence' in your neighborhood or school!
close-up of the tcbh! t-shirtshirt. available only in red
 alexa traffic measurement








have a comment to make?
you can write us at 
we may not answer you, but we'll probably read it. log in

 


© 2003 – 2025 thiscantbehappening.net
 








































































































































































