





palmer wirfs | finding the value of history!



































































skip to content 



 


home
news & events
terms & conditions
let’s connected
 



 











welcome to our palmer wirfs 



 
				vintage treasures are the key to experiencing the charms of the old world. so if you want to explore and reminisce about the old time, we are here to provide you with the best antique collection. whether you are looking for vintage treasures, photographs, or vintage clothing, we have a plethora of those vintage charms at palmer wirfs.					









discover more

























 


 




						unique vintage treasures 					


						we have beautiful and interesting things, including antiques, vintage finds, photographs, vintage clothing, and collectibles. with an enormous collection of unique treasures, palmer wirfs is an adventure that you need to cherish.					















 




						reaching new markets  					


						we intend to reach new markets and provide them with amazing services that will help our new audience taste the past's beauty.					















 




						new niches of collecting					


						we are not limited to a handmade piece or vintage treasure but are ready to love and explore new niches. we have a wide range of collections that will satisfy your fantasies about antique and vintage treasures.					














 







about palmer/wirfs & associates
 




palmer/wirfs & associates brings more than 32 years of show management experience to the marketplace. begun by don wirfs in 1976 and more recently with christine palmer at the helm, palmer/wirfs & associates prides itself on continuing to bring buyer and seller together which is our sole mission and goal as a company. 







view more






















 




						sterling flatware					
















 




						enamel & gold					






















 




						vintage clothing					
















 




						phonographs					


























we believe in 



evaluation & identification booth! 
















				at every palmer/wirfs show, we offer a booth that is staffed with qualified and knowledgeable people in the antiques field.					







register now





























 







a great palmer/wirfs antique & collectible shows 
















				get ready to visit a fantastic palmer wirfs antique show and fall in love with the charms of the old world again. you will never fail to find a unique treasure to add to your collection!					

























 




						portland expo shows					


						if you are into antiques and collectibles, attend the country's largest portable expo shows.					









 




						clark county show					


						we are opening numerous booths filled with enticing vintage items that will make you fall in love with the beauty of the past.					









 




						puyallup shows					


						we are conducting fantastic antique shows that will attract buyers and sellers across the world alike. it is a great stop if you are into collecting antiques and vintage items.					
































advance sales early admission tickets! 






book now















 

















latest featured posts 



 
the history behind antique collecting
october 6, 2023december 8, 2022
 

 

antique widely refers to items that are over hundreds of years old. antique collecting means assembling aesthetic, historical, and often monetary items from earlier eras. most antiques hold a historical value; some have only sentimental value to the families that own them, while others that are more widely known have a high monetary value. the more demand present for an antique item, the more valuable the piece.

history
antique collections can be dated back to the 16th century when the english and european collectors began to flourish. however, the breakthrough was first observed during the 18th century, with the development of the science of archaeology, which motivated private and public collecting.
the united states collectors, who were seriously active in the 18th century, first concentrated on old books, manuscripts, possessions, and mementos that famous people had and then slowly moved to recovery and restoration operations of famous sites to find and collect more antiques.
centuries passed, and now people are into collecting even the most miniature prehistoric items (like buttons, lace, pieces of culinary and pottery items, etc.) and are prioritizing preserving them carefully. as a result, the list of antique collectibles has many additions, like quilts, jewelry, glass, coins, postage stamps, porcelain, bottles, watches, lamps, toys, posters, political souvenirs, silver, and other metal crafts, etc.
the antique marketplace
this is the place where people auctioned their antiques. the first auction was conducted in britain when there was a combined effect of many agricultural depressions reacting to the settled land act of 1882. these opportunities occurred in london with wealthy art collectors in the 1880s, which resulted in the most significant period of prosperity for all the british auction houses. the primary auction house was first addressed in the united states by the american association, which as opened in 1883. however,  the business needed to be faster to develop there and establish a good trade link with all the countries globally. every country has its own set of regulations regarding trading antiques to give respect to its history.

conclusion
with extraordinary historical value, the antique collection has become a hobby for anyone. people can now buy and add famous antique pieces to their collections, from the smallest items to the most significant paintings and sculptures. it allows the buyers to experience history, enrich their lives, and profit financially simultaneously, giving them a sense of satisfaction in happiness. with technological advancement, these antiques easily store their precious value while adding richness to their properties. however, no matter how advanced the technology is, these items still need to be handled with care and concern. some of the antique pieces cost millions of dollars and thus ought to be handled with utmost care and precision.

 
the antique collection suits everyone’s taste
september 3, 2023december 8, 2022
 

 

introduction
antique collecting is a fun and exciting hobby. the joy of gathering items is an experience that people should experience at least once in their lifetime. the collection of antiques is not only a worthwhile hobby but can also be a valuable source of income when you sell it years later. no matter the age, everyone can collect antiques as they suit everyone’s taste. if you are curious to start antiquing, you can also look here to learn more about the importance of antique collections.
old is gold
have you ever heard people saying that old is an absolute mess and old things don’t have any value? but the truth is collection of antiques has more value than you imagine. it is an object that tends to be unique because of its age, artistry, beauty, and origin. some prefer a collection of antiques for the emotional value they can connect with, and others prefer a collection of antiques for the monetary value they gain. if you are the person who wishes to enjoy both, then collect them without any delay!

how it suits everyone’s taste
antiques don’t mind that it is chippy and old, rusty, or faded. know the history within it and behind it before owning it. antiques are unique as they can reveal the personality, character, and soul of their kind. there are many reasons to tell why it suits everyone’s taste:

a collection of antiques has more sentimental value.
the emotions behind a particular piece bring back memories.
it helps business-minded people to restore and sell.
and the essential thing is, irrespective of all discrimination. it helps people around the globe chase specific items and collect their favorite items with love.
it helps people decorate their homes and lives with an ancient collection around them.
it adds value to a relationship when it is gifted to a loved one.

conclusion
antique is as valuable as our environment and suits everyone’s taste without discrimination. “almost all antique items in the world hold some form of appreciation and worth. even though they seem old in time, they are timeless with value, hence they become antique and are preserved for a more extended period, and their value increases with time. cee loo green also stated that it could be preserved as a family heirloom.
remember your grandma had it, your mother threw it out, and now you be the person to bring it back again. finally, don’t despair if you are not that lucky to own inherited antique things. still, you can afford it with your savings by exploring different places and treasure it for the next generation. love the haunt and enjoy the find as the world is yours!

 
reasons why people are obsessed with antiques
august 5, 2023december 8, 2022
 

 

introduction
generally, antiquing refers to the journey, the hunt, and the thrill of finding the objects of our desire. a collection of things is loved by many for the pleasure and satisfaction they receive in return. among the collection of things, the collection of antiques occupies an important role. antiques, known as old items, can be collected for the facts and features; they possess. there are many reasons why people are obsessed with antiques. let us know about it as further. it’s not old; it’s vintage.

you might have several questions, like why people love antique collections. how do people collect them? what do they get in return for collecting antiques? then this article is for you.
antiques are collected for their age, character, color, and features they possess. they always help curious people to know more about history within it, behind it, and sometimes even beyond it. as a popular saying goes – antique is not old; it’s vintage. they are rare and unique. they possess high historical and aesthetic value, which tends to be one of the crucial reasons behind the collection of antiques.
reasons why people are obsessed with antiques
have you ever met an antique collector before? if not, it is important for you to meet the person or be the person who collects the antique. it is because such a collection can teach you that even the rusty and dusty things are more valuable. as we discussed earlier, there are many reasons why people love antique collections. some love the antique collection as it involves enormous interest, some prefer it for their curiosity over history, some collect to decorate their home, and some collect antiques to feel stress-free and achieve pleasure. but research has revealed that most people prefer it for emotional value; though they are old fashioned, they cherish it with their happy hearts when it comes to them via inheritance.
despite being a worthwhile hobby, people with business minds collect antiques and try to profit by restoring and selling them. frankly, a collection of antiques is a good use of time. it cherishes every moment.

conclusion
antique lets us experience what was there in the past, in the present, and even in the future. it teaches people that appearance is deceptive and that every collection has its own value. you can also create a hobby-like collection of antiques, as it is one of the most unique hobbies ever. though it is expensive, one need not worry about the price start with what you have because every collection of antiques has its personality, character, and soul. the collection you need to look at is the collection that some love to look at. cherish nostalgia with a happy heart!
 

 
words every antique lover needs to know
july 2, 2023december 8, 2022
 

 

the language of antiques is often shrouded in mystery, but it’s not as difficult as you may think. once you’ve mastered the basics, you’ll be able to speak with confidence and authority about everything from trade value to provenance.
so if you’re new to the world of antiques or want a refresher on some key terms, keep reading for an alphabetical list of keywords that will help you sound like a pro at any antique show or flea market!
antique
an antique is an old object. antiques can be valuable and typically have a story to tell. it’s important to know how to identify antiques if you plan on collecting them for yourself or your business.
heirloom
an heirloom is an item passed down from generation to generation of family members. it may also have sentimental value to the owner and can be of high quality or even valuable.
most antiques are considered heirlooms, as they’re usually at least a few decades old. heirlooms are rare and unique, but some exceptions exist (like family portraits).
estate
estate is the term used to describe a collection of items belonging to a single owner. it can also be defined as a group of objects purchased as a set, inherited by an individual or family, and bought at an auction.
when estate comes up in conversation with your antique-loving friends, you’ll want to know precisely what it means so that you can participate in conversations about antiques with ease.
flea market
if you’re looking to buy antiques and don’t know where to start, flea markets are a great place to look. flea markets are held in malls, parking lots and other public places. the best part? they’re filled with people who love buying antique furniture or decorating their homes with exciting pieces they find at the flea market.

if you want your friends and family to be impressed by your knowledge of antiques, this information will be useful when chatting with them!
vintage
the word “vintage” can be tricky to define, but it’s generally used to refer to items that are at least 20 years old. technically, the term “antique” refers to something over 100 years old; however, many people use the terms interchangeably when referring to older items.
vintage is a loose term for an item manufactured or designed in the past. vintage pieces are often in good condition and have a story behind them—the longer you have owned them, the more likely your vintage piece holds sentimental value!
collectible
a collectible is an object that is bought and sold, usually at an auction. collectibles can be antiques, but not all antiques are collectibles.
collectibles are usually worth more than the sum of their parts, meaning that even if you break down the price of all the materials used in producing them, they would still be worth more than that total.
curio
a curio is an object of historical, artistic, or scientific interest. a curio shop is a store that sells antiques, collectibles and other items. a curio cabinet is a cabinet that holds curiosities.
as you can see, many different words and phrases are related to antiques. while many other words could be added to this list, we hope these seven have helped you better understand the world of antiques and collectibles.

 
reasons for purchasing vintage and antique jewelry
june 4, 2023december 8, 2022
 

 

when a piece of jewelry is over a hundred years old, it should be referred to as an antique. jewelry that is over a century old is considered antique which is also called as vintage, but as we have already discovered, the distinctions are sometimes confused. therefore, investing in antique jewelry distinguishes you as the happy owner of a special object that represents extraordinarily fine craftsmanship. here are some reasons to buy antique jewelry.
superior quality
while the majority of contemporary jewelry is molded, antique and vintage pieces are often handcrafted or at the absolute minimum hand-finished. highly experienced artisans take their time to create exquisite and one-of-a-kind items for bespoke orders rather than the mass market when making antique and vintage jewelry. this is seen from the excellent craftsmanship in vintage and antique jewelry, which is more exquisite and polished than the majority of items made nowadays.

excellent value
jewelry from more than a century ago was typically handmade and rarely produced in big quantities, therefore it tends to be valuable. a vintage or an antique piece will typically be less expensive than a contemporary equivalent due to the absence of processing expenses and the stones are less expensive. old-cut stones, however, are by no means limited to modern stones; on the contrary, they are extremely sought-after and collectible. jewelry that is old or vintage regularly has a higher value than jewelry that is new.
it’s distinctive and romantic
if you purchase an item of antique jewelry, rare that you’ll ever find another exactly like it. while many contemporary pieces are largely concentrated on the size of the stones, ancient pieces were crafted with attention to design and craftsmanship. even popular designs like solitaire diamond engagement rings were distinctive in earlier times because they were frequently made to order and by hand with exquisite flourishes like carved shanks, pierced openwork galleries, and accent stones, which are very seldom seen in contemporary jewelry due to the high cost.
environment friendly
there is jewelry available that is crafted from ethically sourced materials, but it costs more, and even with the greatest of efforts, you could never be completely sure of its impact. since it requires a lot of energy and water to mine precious metals and gemstones, it is impossible to make new jewelry in a sustainable manner. when you decide to purchase a stunning item of vintage or antique jewelry, you make the decision to be a conservationist as opposed to a consumer.

it’s a financial invest
if you’ve ever attempted to sell used jewelry, you’ve probably been shocked by the low price you received. this is so because the value of contemporary jewelry is determined by the wholesale prices of the gemstone and metal components. due to the uniqueness of each piece and the inability to replicate them using current production techniques, vintage and antique jewelry are more valuable than the total of its components. in general, antique jewelry is more valuable even though it is less expensive.

 
time to add sparkle to your collection
may 8, 2023december 8, 2022
 

 

introduction
“there is more to life than work”. as jim wolf once said, a hobby is a great outlet to relieve tension. the collection of things plays a vital role in everyone’s life, and it differs from person to person. it makes the collector forget worries and explore more, making the entire process more fascinating. moreover, they teach us patience and history within it and behind it. so, in today’s fast-moving world, ensure you are sparing time for something valuable and enjoyable, like a collection of antiques. are you tired of monotonous life and wish to start adding some sparkle in the name of hobbies? then this article is for you to help you get started with the same.

beyond a hobby
generally, a collection of antiques is, for many, beyond a hobby! but, have you ever gazed at any antique and dreamt of owning it because of its age, origin, unique features, and color? if the answer is yes, start antiquing, as it is the perfect time to add sparkle to your collection.
antiquing is indeed an art, and everyone is not an artist. but it is also true that anyone can become an artist by restoring a beautiful collection of antiques in their home. it is entirely satisfying; moreover, your soul will enjoy doing it.
life is beautiful
when you spare valuable time to add sparkle to your collection, your life undoubtedly turns beautiful. imagine the path of your life when your hobby pays off emotional and monetary gain together. it is the best thing ever, right?
being a vintage soul in the modern world helps you buy the stuff you love and add to your true reflection of self. moreover, a collection of antiques has its personality, character, and soul, which many don’t realize with their natural eyes. it can add spark to both your home and life. it helps you explore the globe to chase your favorite item and reveals the history behind it and within it. hence, start antiquing as it is a symbol of status.

conclusion
“our admiration of antique is not admiration of the old, but of nature.”  most people love the collection of antiques as they are a great way to remember the past and conserve the future. nothing can haunt you like the antique you didn’t buy, so you need not worry about rusty or chippy; old or worn antique collections have a unique value. even though some consider it an expensive hobby, start with what you have and make it more effective with the budget that suits you. a collection of antiques can assure you complete satisfaction and happiness. hence, do it with an open heart, as it is the perfect time to add sparkle to your collection.

 
reasons why people collect antiques
april 2, 2023december 6, 2022
 

 

an antique is a collectible item such as a piece of furniture, clock, artwork, jewelry, etc. an item is considered an antique when it gets old. it brings a great look to your home if an antique piece is placed in a corner. for example, in the modern styles of chandeliers, the old style of lamps hanging down the roof is considered an antique piece of beauty. although people depict any old item as an antique, it has a certain age in order to become an antique. an item has to be at least 100 years old to be considered an antique. all the items or jewelry we see in the museums are antiques.

why do people collect antiques?
some people still love antiques or old styles in the era of new styles and designs. they prefer to have a piece of the antique collection in their homes. while strolling through flea markets, you might find a few antique pieces which catch your eye! do you know why people buy or collect antiques? let’s read ahead to know why.
there are several reasons why people collect antiques. each collection has a story to tell. for example, i love to collect antiques to add charm to my house. likewise, every person has their perspective on collecting antiques.


sentimental value: few people collect or keep old jewelry from their grandparents as their remembrance. they have an emotional connection to that antique jewelry or anything else that belonged to their grandparents or ancestors.
business: antiques hold great value in running a business. one can collect antique pieces and sell them at a great price.
decoration: house will turn into a home with antique decoration. people collect antique pieces like mirrors, telephones, dolls, and jewelry pieces and add them to the interior decoration in their houses.
hobby: among the people who collect coins and stamps, a few have the hobby of collecting antique items. they see them as a treasure.
favorite game/book: a child collects their favorite comic book/board game their ancestors have played to restore playing or reading the same. comics like amar chitra katha and tinkle will also become antique after 100 years!
the chase: some people find it amusing and exciting to find the antique piece.

apart from all the above reasons, there are many other reasons why people collect antiques. every collection has a different story, and every antique has a fascinating story. moreover, collecting antiques will bring incredible and overwhelming experiences to people.

 
dos in an antique fair
march 5, 2023december 6, 2022
 

 

you go to an antique fair after doing intensive research. now you know what to buy. here are some pointers to remember additionally.
1. dress appropriately
always wear comfortable shoes and a dress. since these fairs happen in open spaces, you need to adjust to the hot and cold temperatures. so plan ahead.
2. bring bags
know how you will transport the product. bring the appropriate size bag necessary. also, carry blankets to safeguard brittle or sensitive items. extra covers also prevent the dust from the fairs from entering your car.
3. be careful of expensive items
unknowingly you might carry expensive jewelry or watches you might not notice in the crowd. you can only sometimes be aware when you are on a shopping spree, particularly in a crowded place. so keep your phones close and your wallets closer.
4. have cash
some vendors may accept credit cards, and some may not. some places may be remote, and atms can be available so far only. so please bring extra cash but remember to keep the rolls safe.

5. be punctual
antique fairs are time-sensitive. your favorite item may run down before you can see it. so rush to the place and be informed about the opening time.
again if you are looking for good deals, arrive late. vendors become generous as they leave and have to pack a lot of leftovers.
6. bring your shopping collection
a flashlight is necessary; you will know the necessity only when the light goes down. so be informed and bring anyway. also, bring sunscreen, hand wipes, hand sanitizer, and whatever is necessary.
although these fairs are full of food vendors, bring your food and water if you are careful of outside food. also, be sure to bring snacks to keep your energy levels high. all the walking, bargaining, and shopping will be tiring.
7. be ready to bargain
don’t think it is not polite to bargain. all vendors prepare themselves to do so. they almost expect it. so prepare on your side and know the value of products at least roughly.
don’t lose money and cry over spilled milk later. at the same time, don’t agitate or insult your vendor. instead, use your people skills or bring a street-smart person if you aren’t.
8. use your phone
keep your phone handy. use the option of calling a friend or audience poll whenever necessary. it is also possible to get separated from the person accompanying you. to avoid extra stress and anxiety, keep your phone safe and handy to access it at once. it will also help note down the item’s booth number so you can reference it later. you might not remember such information later, particularly after a tiring day of the walk.

 
what makes you an antique collector?
february 4, 2023december 6, 2022
 

 

antique collectors look for items of quality. however, you don’t always have to look to sell an antique as an antique collector. as a collector, you can collect for personal use, also.
why an antique collector collects
once a collector, always a collector. you could have been collecting different objects all through your life. first, it might have started with shiny objects. then, you might have gradually moved towards collecting toys, coins, stamps, clothes, cars, and now old objects of value.

besides cars and jewels, books, maps, artwork, clocks, crystals, furniture, and quilts are commonly known antiques. however, stranger collectibles are gaining interest every day as technology comes in. one such strange collectible is a giant starbucks coffee cup. other stranger items include poke man cards, haunted dolls, and even faded t-shirts. if you support these, you are an antique collector.
there is always an objective as to why an antique collector collects. they like preserving memories of past times and preserving classics. genetics also plays a key role here. you could come from a family who loves to collect and respect classics.
the motive of an antique collector
connecting with others of the same interest is always alluring, mainly when your interest is unique and special. learn what makes antique collectors unique.
collecting is a hobby. a collector collects for fun. for them, it is as thrilling as any outdoor adventure can provide.
they invest. some collectibles may be accessible such as a sea shell or an object you find out of nowhere. if you are lucky, it might also be an antique. but some antiques you come across demand your hard-earned money. antique collector doesn’t let money stop them from uniting with their newfound love.
they are involved. antique collector spends time decorating and taking care of their collectible. they do it so religiously and lovingly.
what makes a seasoned antique collector?
they know to spot the fake. some people reproduce popular items. such items are fake as they are not aged. they might appear similar such as depression glass. an antique collector only knows that the designs in the glass are raised and not etched.
also, they know such products have bubbles in them. similar products have clashing colors in them. such glass products don’t emit luminous light when tilted around. other such products could have flaws in their molds. a learned collector knows such nuances.
they also know an antique doesn’t always have to be expensive. a collector knows the value of collectibles by informing themselves through historical context or from external help.
a collector may only know some of the antiques there are. but they know enough about their collection and have a fair share of the idea about what to do with them.

 
beginners guide to antiques
january 3, 2023december 6, 2022
 

 

your love for antiques could have started from collecting coins. or you might have been collecting comic books. as you age, now here you are, for the passion of antiques or collectibles in your language.
what is an antique?
an antique must be 100 years old. anything younger is a collectible. it is what we call vintage. vintage is still valuable, but one should know the difference.
an antique is treasured because it has historical significance. apart from history, the aesthetic aspect of an antique also makes it worthwhile. sometimes antiques could be signed by their previous owners.

antiquing
antiquing is shopping for antiques. people engage in antiquing for personal use, as a gift, or at sale for better prices. we can find antiques in garage and yard sales, collectives, antique districts, and international auction houses.
sometimes antiquing refers to the craft of making antiques. an object is painted or tarnished to appear old. it may need to be clarified to identify the origin of such fakes. that is why; antiquing is often a tedious process.
untouchables
there are some artifacts or antiques which are not allowed. you might come across them, but pass them as you walk. buying or selling such things is illegal and can land you in trouble. they are ivory of elephant and walrus, eagle feathers, and native american artifacts.
the legality of a product depends on the origin of the product. unfortunately, there is a lot of trafficking of antiques done every day, posing a threat to the peace of nations. that is why world organizations such as unesco pay special attention to monitoring and retrieving them. to avoid contributing to such international thefts, we better be aware of the source and check for its authenticity before buying.
antiques of value
antiques are named so because of their value. but what is the factor or factors that add to the said value?
just because a vendor is asking a whopping amount of money, it doesn’t mean the antique is worth it. there are fundamental factors determining the worth of antiques. they are the rarity of the piece, condition of the item, age of the item, quality of the item, unique features, and history of the item.

how to check the value of an antique
there are books available with adequate knowledge. if you think books are boring, learn through different websites.

there is kovels who share pricing list for antiques and collectibles. they have an extensive database of items.
you can identify your product by checking at david doty. they have images of antiques and collectibles along with price history.
you can also check ebay to compare and collect information on the product you are interested in buying.
antique navigator lets you search through the available information. they have information in the form of articles along with price guides.


 










 


wordpress theme - total by hashthemes                


 


























