






swine genetics international



























 toggle navigation    



  breeding calculator  02/17/2025  breed today for
        jun 11 litters
800.247.3958







home 
 breeding calculator
about us 

certificates

stud news
commercial boars
showpigs program
forzen semen 
view boars 
ai products & supplies 
export options 

frozen semen store 
contact














home
about us

certificates

stud news





contact










  
commercial
boars

 
showpig
program

 
frozen
semen

 
view 
          boars


 
ai products
& supplies

 
export
 options


 
frozen semen
store










artificial insemination swine genetics company
swine genetics international is an artificial insemination swine genetics company, also offering swine production related consulting. 

liquid semen is available from over 150 sires to help you meet your genetic needs. boars representing the following commercial lines are housed at sgi: purebred, exotic, terminal, maternal, meat quality and certified "niche" program animals. we also offer 40 sires that comprise our showpig program. frozen semen is available on boars housed at sgi since 1981 - including sires currently on stud. sgi is very active in exporting both swine semen and live animals all over the world. our current staff provides artificial insemination and production-related consultation for swine operations globally.


thank you to our customers that have supported us for over 30 years in the genetics business!


“how to” series


 “how to” series :: disruption


disruption – bury my bones x rip x jimmy t
disruption is without a doubt the most popular duroc boar that we’ve added to the line-up in some time!  for those that follow pedigrees and follow the lettow showpigs duroc program, there is a lot of the lettow herdmark that shows [ … ]


 “how to” series :: case closed


case closed – king size x kms “rizzo”
case closed was an off-season addition to the boar stud that came from lettow showpigs. because of his age, very few litters were generated in time to get pigs into the ring this summer, but we predict his presence as a sire will [ … ]


 “how to” series :: main character


main character  :: jimmy t x bomb squad
main character debuted not quite one year ago at sgi and has been an absolute hit with our customers.
main character is heavy duty in his build with great big feet. broad and powerful in his build and athletic.
main character’s oldest pigs came in [ … ]


 “how to” series :: all rise


all rise :: trumpet x lil bro
all rise has been on an absolute tear in his first season. he’s sired champions from california to pennsylvania and has worked incredibly well across numerous different herds. we think his early track record speaks to his tremendous breeding versatility.
all rise has consistently generated [ … ]


 “how to” series :: full throttle


the “how to” series continues with one of the very best boars that we’ve introduced in the past few seasons. this guy is going to be handy!
full throttle :: the proposal x unlocked
bred by :: lettow showpigs, ia
full throttle takes all of the great attributes of his trustworthy sire and [ … ]







socialize with us:








text alerts




stud news


champions


recent ads












contact us
swine genetics international
30805 595th avenue
cambridge, ia 50046
fax: 515.383.2257
email us
    office: 800.247.3958


 

      nick berry :: 319.530.7553

      mike doran :: 515.230.8586

      tye lettow :: 515.290.0662




 

















website designed by edje | wp











