





canal society of new jersey




































home
about

about the canal society
become a member
donate
volunteer
contact


events

waterloo
next meeting
walks and tours


canal history

morris canal
morris canal photo gallery
delaware & raritan
delaware & raritan photo gallery


archives

search archives
contact


publications
news























preserving canal history in new jersey

welcome to the website of the canal society of new jersey. we trust you’ll find it both interesting and informative. the csnj is a non-profit organization formed in 1969 to foster the study of the history of new jersey’s two towpath canals, preserve and restore canal remains and artifacts, educate the public in the canals’ histories and provide enjoyment to its members by visiting canals and other historic sites.








explore the morris canal
the morris canal spanned 102 miles connecting phillipsburg, nj to jersey city, nj.







check out our morris canal greenway trail brochures!


view brochures




tour our historic photo gallery of the morris canal!


view photo gallery










explore the delaware & raritan canal
the delaware & raritan canal spanned 44 miles connecting the delaware river with the raritan river in new jersey.








tour our historic photo gallery of the delaware & raritan canal!


view photo gallery














upcoming events





2024 waterloo events
thank you for making this season at waterloo memorable by celebrating the rich canal history of new jersey together. your support helps us to preserve and share these important experiences and traditions for future generations. stay tuned for next year's events!









more events













walks and tours
historic walks along the towpath and routes of new jersey’s canals are offered to the public by the canal society of new jersey. along these routes, notable historic sites are also visited, which help illustrate the story of the canals.
see schedule









program meetings
meetings are held five times a year at the morris county cultural center in mendham, nj. notable local authors and historians frequently give engaging presentations on topics related to canal history and related industries. all canal society program meetings are open to the public and free of charge.
next meeting info














new jersey’s historic canals

before the advent of freight railroads, new jersey’s canal system provided the vital means of industrial transportation across the state. the morris canal served north new jersey, ascending nearly 1,000 feet utilizing a succession of locks and water-powered inclined planes to traverse the highlands mountains, providing an efficient shipping route from phillipsburg to jersey city, a distance of 102 miles. the delaware & raritan canal, while not as long, served central new jersey connecting the delaware river with the raritan river. both canals shipped anthracite from the rich coalfields of pennsylvania eastward where it would be used in industrial furnaces throughout new jersey and new york city.













meetings are generally held on the 3rd friday in the months january, march, may, september and november.
canal society of new jersey
						p.o. box 737
						morristown, nj 07963-0737
						www.canalsocietynj.org





















