



	diesel bob (uk) ltd - 

























toggle navigation









 home




								services
							



bob's goodies


fuel injection


injection pumps


injectors


diesel tuning


hybrid diesels

vehicle repair

service common questions






								helpful info
							


bobs tips
diesel forever?
diesel fuel
engine oil
legendary diesels
test equipment
what goes wrong
vegetable bob
apocalypse soon?
order online





								legal
							


privacy and security
terms and conditions



 bobs rant


 sending stuff


 about us


 contact us














diesel bob (uk) limited









diesel bobs passion for diesels began way back in the mid 1980's from the humble beginnings of tinkering with ferguson tractors.
this passion accelerated with diesel bob being taken under the wing of grand meister george gordon, (george gordon diesels longridge) whos expert guidance provided diesel bob with the skills to rise to the top of the diesel injection worlds masterclass.
fast forward to the early 2000's & diesel bob was able to offer diesel injection services based out of a purpose built workshop in ribchester.
so for anyone looking for a reliable & established company to deal with your diesel injection problems, diesel bob (uk) ltd is here to help.
we have a rather large website with many links and tabs, have a click around & perhaps you’ll learn a thing or two, have a giggle or maybe be offended (sorry if the latter is applicable).
thanks for visiting and we look forward to doing business with you.
diesel bob,
loving diesels before they were popular, when they were popular and even now when all of a sudden diesels aren’t popular!







steady - able to begin work as it arrives- nice - able to begin work 24 hours of it arriving busy - 24 - 48 hours before able to begin new work crazy - 2 - 3 days before able to begin new work


















diesel bob (uk) ltdhand rebuilt in great britain
vp30 & vp44injection pump master rebuilders
delphicommon rail injectorssupplied with new program codes
click here for onlinemega special offers
diesel remapping & dpfsolutions, click here
diesel bob (uk) ltdloving dieselssince 1991
if it’s diesel, bobs yer man!!!!
order diesel injectioncomponents onlineclick here
require diagnostics or repair work to you diesel vehicle?click here for help

















×
important notice


please read:

					as many of you may be aware, the current 'world' situation is not entirely as it once was and the vast majority of people understand this and know what it means to the operation of a business and to day life in general.
					

					however, some people either have been living in caves or simply don't understand the situation, for these 'special' kinks of people, we would like to make things a little clearer in the hope that they grasp a sense of reality.
					

					we are currently operating under rather tricky circumstances, our staff are adhering to social distancing rules, all components that arrive with us are decontaminated and all vehicles that arrive with is must undergo a clean of the common contact surfaces before our technicians are permitted to work on them. couple this with the delays of components arriving with us due to the immense pressures couriers are under and that many of our normal suppliers are either closed or are operating with limited staff numbers and opening hours.
					

					the knock on effect to us is that we are massively delayed in all our departments, we simply cannot offer a quick turnaround in any shape or forum.
					

					should you require a same day or ultra quick rapid service then save yourself a phone call / email / visit as we will not be able to offer such a service.
					

					vehicle repairs are currently a minimum of 3 - 4 days.
					
					injector servicing is currently a minimum of 2 - 3 days.
					
					injection pump servicing is a minimum of 5 - 7 days.
					

				we wish to thank you for reading this and a massive thanks to those who can appreciate the current situation.
				


close









please note:

					we have very limited service from 26th september (thursday) right 
through to 7th october (monday), phone calls & emails will be adversely 
effected & our reception may be closed intermittently during this time.

the phone number 01254878582 followed by using option 1 will be manned 
as much as possible.

thank you.

				


close









×
christmas wishes



christmas wishes 2023

we wish to thank all our customers of 2024 and sincerely hope for them to have a happy, healthy christmas and positive 2024.


our operating hours for the festive period are to be:


close 1pm friday 22nd december.


we will remain closed until re-opening in 2024 at 9am wednesday 3rd january.



once again, we wish to thank you all!



close












please note: any proprietary names and part numbers are reference purposes only.all prices exclude vat and include uk delivery unless stated otherwise.diesel bob (uk) ltd - preston road, ribchester, lancashire, pr3 3xl.vat reg - gb 844 3538 18

				© copyright 2021 db-it
				



follow us on
   












