










	home

























main menu


   









  



boom mowers



bomford hawk boom mower


bomford falcon boom mower


bomford b81-81 boom mower


bomford robin boom mower


powerland roadrunner apm boom mover





airfield mower


brands



bomford turner


john deere


honda power equipment


mean green





rentals


about


contact




  






toll free
(877) 22-mower

         




 







boom mowersbomford hawk boom mowerbomford falcon boom mowerbomford b81-81 boom mowerbomford robin boom mowerpowerland roadrunner apm boom moverairfield mowerbrandsbomford turnerjohn deerehonda power equipmentmean greenrentalsaboutcontact





  






 industry leading 

power equipment

for every landscape 


powerland equipment offers sales, rentals, parts and service for the finest brands of land management equipment as well as a full service contracting division. 


brands call now


                                 

your trusted source for power equipment 

powerland equipment, inc. is your trusted source for outdoor power equipment in valley center, ca, with over 35 years of dedicated service. founded by malcolm smith, our family-owned business is deeply rooted in this san diego county community. with three generations of expertise, we provide top-quality land management solutions tailored to your needs. we offer only the finest products, backed by our firsthand experience of their durability and reliability. committed to excellence, we strive to exceed customer expectations and provide personalized service around the clock. we proudly serve our community and surrounding states, including phoenix, flagstaff, tuscon, las vegas, portland, san diego, and los angeles.


our story

boom mowers

discover
airfield mowers

discover
featured brand
bomford falcon vfa tailored for contractors and municipal environments
bomford b81-81 boom mowerdesigned for greater production, operator comfort and time saving
bomford hawk evo suitable for every application, ensuring versatility and performance
 discover

jcb pothole propowerland equipment in association with jcb are offering a piece of equipment to revolutionize pothole repair. not just patching that does not last but permanent repair in as little as 8 minutes. the one machine can cut, crop and clean in one operation leaving it ready for blacktop. just one machine can prepare 300 square yards in a day, that's 150 average potholes a day, permanently completed. powerland have taken delivery of the first of the first 3 available and expect that others will be delivered as soon as they are available. with the huge public outcry regarding the vast number of potholes in every street in california the demand for the rental of these units will be vast. operator training will be included for the first two days, orders are being taken now and demos are available. contact sales rep
power equipmentfor every landscape application we cater to a wide range of clients, spanning from state and local government agencies, including municipal road maintenance departments, water districts, departments of transportation (dot), parks and forest authorities, as well as commercial and private landowners. with our expertise and tailored approach, we can find the perfect power equipment to meet the unique needs of each client. landscaping & grounds careforestryagriculture & cultivationcompact constructionremoteand more call now



powerland equipment offers sales, rentals, parts and service for the finest brands of land management equipment as well as a full service contracting division. phonetoll free(877) 22-moweroffice(760) 749-1271sales & rentals(619) 954-3322emailgeneral inquirygov't sales & rentalsretail salespartsshowroom27943 valley center road, valley center, ca 92082 brandsbomford turnerjohn deereexmarkstihlmean greenhonda power equipmenttri-max








emptyclick + to add content












                                                                         












