



	national risk services - premium audit and insurance property inspection services





























toggle navigation 





home
our services 

general services
property inspection
premium audit
analytics


careers 

office positions
field representatives


contact us 

general
sales inquiry


log-in
register














 

highest quality inspections and premium audits
know more 












who we are


with a vast array of field services such as premium auditing and  property inspections, we believe in providing quality and timely services to our clients




national risk services, inc has, for many years, been providing premium audit services on workers compensation, general liability and auto fleet policies. we also provide property inspection services on personal lines and commercial lines policies to the insurance industry. nrs is well known for its innovation, quality and expertise in the premium audit,loss control, data collection and analysis fields.
since the company's inception, our policy has been availability to our client companies and to provide the same level of service as an in-house premium auditor or oss control engineer.the internet is the next step in client service for us.
read more














residential property inspections





commercial property inspections

















x

company overview

                            national risk services, inc has been providing innovative insurance services 
							to insurance carriers, mga's, and agencies since 1993. nrs is a privately held 
							company whose investors are involved in daily business operations.
                        

                            nrs provides a vast array of field services such as premium auditing and 
							property inspections. we have the ability to provide workers compensation, 
							general liability and fleet audits along with a tremendous number of personal 
							lines and commercial lines loss control inspections.
                        

                            something that nrs has just recently begun providing to the insurance industry 
							is data collection, statistical analysis and data mining services. nrs now has 
							the ability to collect data from field surveys and provide that data by itself, 
							or along with specialized management reports. this assures that you are looking 
							at an accurate picture of the types of risks that your company insures. nrs can 
							work with you and your underwriting team to design specialized forms to match 
							the needs of your companies specialized product offerings. nrs can even assist 
							your other field inspection vendors by providing just the data collection 
							services while they continue specializing in field services.
                        

                            we handle each report on a case by case basis, ensuring the most accurate 
							quality and professionalism while maintaining industry standard time service 
							and reasonable pricing.
                        

                            if you feel that nrs could provide a service for your company that is not listed 
							in any of these pages, please feel free to contact us at  sales. due to our constant innovation, things change quickly 
							around here.
                        









our services


with a primary focus on premium audit, field inspections and underwriting support services, it is our goal at nrs to make our customers feel they are utilizing their own staff.








residential inspections
our homeowners inspections range from photo only to high value. also available are observation reports, 4point, wind mitigation and custom reports as needed. 






commercial inspections
our professional staff provides inspections on all commercial risks to include habitation, garage, contractors, retail/bop, bar/restaurant, farm, reunderwriting/itv custom projects and phone surveys.







underground mines
our inspectors work out of district offices inspecting active and inactive coal mines and metal and nonmetal mines located across the country. 









premium audit services
our staff will audit the exposure based on the policy (i.e., payroll, sales, or vehicle count) after the end of a policy period to determine the actual (audited) exposure for the purpose of making a final calculation of the premium and premium taxes.







loss control services 
often ordered on mid- and large-size commercial accounts. our loss control specialist completes this report by physically inspecting the building (e.g., restaurant, factory, store), the operations to be insured, or both.







inspection wyzrdtm
inspection wyzrd allows you to expedite reinspection, shorten the review process, and dramatically decrease expenses. this automated service and app enables the underwriter to not only communicate, but empower the applicant to effect the necessary changes to the risk, including ordering a reinspection once hazards are corrected.














contact us


every business grows with happy clients. and our clients are very happy and satisfied due to quality and timely services provided by our personnel who possess an average of 15 years of experience.




if you have questions about our fees, services, or basically any general question relating to our premium audit, field inspection, or data collection, or underwriting support services, please use this contact page to reach the correct department.




general correspondence
                          national risk services, inc 
po box 41776, saint petersburg, fl 33743 



enter the details below





your name

                             
                        





your email

                             
                             
                        









company

                             
                        





phone

                             
                             
                        









please tell us about your inspection/audit needs.


                             
                        






















    
    
    
    








 privacy policy 
 | 
general
 | 
 careers 
 | 
 news 




© 2001-2025 national risk services, inc. all rights reserved.












