
















cnc machines new york | swiss-type automatic lathe | star cnc




































starcnc


open menu


about
products
service & support
videos
news & events
contact






manufacturing engineering excellence. uncompromising machinery performance.
when the need is for the production of small, complex precision parts, more and more companies, particularly in the medical, aviation and metalworking industries, rely on star cnc swiss-type automatic lathes to get the job done.
a global leader in the machine tool industry for over 65 years, we fully recognize that our customers’ success is our success. star cnc machines set the standard for the industry because we are constantly innovating and investing in the latest technology. our customers know that a star cnc machine can effortlessly manage the rigors and requirements of today’s manufacturing demands.















new sp-20 cnc swiss-type automatic lathe
star’s newest model, the sp-20, offers substantial versatility in a small-scale footprint and modest price, with the capability of machining 1-inch diameter material.  this machine utilizes a gate-shaped tool post designed to encircle the guide bush for front side machining equipped with 8 turning tools, 5-position sleeve holder and 7-spindle power-driven tool unit with 5 cartridge positions for modular units. a wide array of these modular units such as cross drilling, front drilling, slotting, thread whirling and polygon machining enhances the range of machining options.

learn more








sd-26 swiss-type automatic lathe
the new sd-26 swiss-type automatic lathe was developed specifically to meet the complex, small parts machining needs of up to 1” (26mm) diameter parts. meeting the diverse manufacturing needs across multiple industries.

double b-axis programmable units: b1 axis – 4-spindle milling unit with 135° of travel capable of programming simultaneous 5-axis control; b2 axis – provides identical capability for various tooling units including the industry’s first twin-thread whirling unit incorporating a brake to maintain rigidity while machining.
reconfigured machine structure for improved access to the guide bush and tool post
a function for batch input/output of nc programs together with related information such as offset data
various help functions including a command help function that allows you to check the various commands on the nc screen


learn more








sx-38 type a/b cnc swiss-type automatic lathe
the star sx-38 type a/b, a 12-axis compact swiss-style machine with slant-bed construction, maximizes productivity for difficult-to-machine materials up to 42mm diameter.  the capability to keep 80 tools resident with high horsepower motors means heavy metal removal rates and flexibility.  b-axis surfacing with up to 135 degree travel handles up to 0.5″ diameter tooling.  this high-functioning, large-diameter model – with gang-type and turret-type tool posts – serves the precision machining requirements demanded by the medical, automotive, and aviation industries.

learn more















featured product
the new sp-20 swiss-type automatic lathe
star’s newest model, the sp-20, offers substantial versatility in a small-scale footprint and modest price, with the capability of machining 1-inch diameter material. 
this machine utilizes a gate-shaped tool post designed to encircle the guide bush for front side machining equipped with 8 turning tools, 5-position sleeve holder and 7-spindle power-driven tool unit with 5 cartridge positions for modular units. a wide array of these modular units such as cross drilling, front drilling, slotting, thread whirling and polygon machining enhances the range of machining options.

learn more











customer service excellence
at star cnc, we understand that our customers need to maintain the highest level of productivity. our engineers are trained to provide uncompromising customer service and support.
learn more



upcoming events
see all





april 1-3, 2025

precision machining technology show
booth #: 6037
huntington convention center of cleveland - cleveland, ohio





may 14-15, 2025

northwest machine tool expo
booth #: tbd
oregon convention center, portland, or










		© copyright 2025 star cnc machine tool corp. all rights reserved.
	

about
products
service & support
videos
news & events
contact
privacy policy












