






volkswagen and porsche restoration devon




































































































07976717933










  


home
our work
headliners
shop
contact us












wonderland classics limited specialise the restoration and the preservation of classic volkswagens and porsches.
from “barn find” sympathetic recommissioning to full on restorations.
restoring a classic vehicle can be a delightful experience but filled with problems and often a real labour of love, requiring a huge amount of knowledge and skill. luckily we love problems and enjoy solving them! we want the experience to be as enjoyable for you as it is for us so we’ll solve the problems and issues whilst you can enjoy the pleasure of seeing your pride and joy rejuvenated during the restoration process.
wonderland provide the highest quality service to all of our customers and we will keep you informed at every step providing you with regular updates and a full photographic record of our restoration of your beloved vehicle.
feel free to call chris on 07976 717933 to discuss how we can help you with your “rusty wreck” project or your classic “daily driver.”
thank you for your interest in our work! all the best

chris















our workshop!
our workshop, situated in torquay, devon on the beautiful english riviera was originally a victorian coachworks. vehicles have been built, repaired and restored here for over 140 years.
having such a special workshop we’re able to carry out most works “in house” keeping your vehicle and it’s parts safe and secure.
our cars maybe old but they’re reliable, our tools are the same and that’s the way we like it!























contact us : 07976 717933
 call now







 © 2019 wonderland classics limited
        the old coachworks, 3 melville place, melville st, torquay tq2 5sy. 











home
contact us
headliners
our work
restore or preserve





 

your cart



cart is empty 





to find out your shipping cost , please proceed to checkout.

                            view cart                        

                            checkout                        

                            continue shopping                        







0





























































































































































































