

the hamptons web home page - the internet's most complete resource for long island's hamptons resort community








to be listed onthe hamptons webclick here

additional relatedtopics and linksfurther down the page....
the internet's most complete resource for long island's hamptons resort community

































beaches • boating & fishing • food & dining • gallery • government • hotels & motels
lawn & garden • museums • nature & wildlife • newspapers • nightlife
real estate • services • shopping • sports • weather • wineries
what's new on the hamptons web





the hamptons web is a regional site devoted to the sharing of information about the resort community known as the hamptons. located on eastern long island in new york state, the towns, villages and hamlets which make up the hamptons include amagansett, bridgehampton, east hampton, hampton bays, montauk, napeague, north haven, the quogues, sag harbor, sagaponack, shelter island, southampton, springs, wainscott, water mill, westhampton, and westhampton beach. the hamptons web operates out of the hamlet of amagansett in the town of east hampton.


search the hamptons web
search words or phrase where to search

the entire web
the hamptons web only
the art & galleries page only
the beaches page only
the boating & fishing page only
the food & dining page only
the government page only
the lawn & garden page only
the museums page only
the nature & wildlife page only
the news page only
the nightlife page only
the real estate page only
the recreation & sports page only
the services page only
the shopping page only
the travel & lodging page only
the weather page only
the vineyards & wineries page only

search for 
all the words
any of the words
the exact phrase
the person
links to this url
the boolean expression

or... click here to go to the mammoth
hamptons web search engine page!



a plethora of additional related topics & links
half a plethora are hamptons-related; the rest are of more general interest.


art (on the art & galleries page)
astronomy (on the nature & wildlife page)
beach conservation (on the beaches page)
books (on the shopping page)
business (on the services page)
careers (on the services page)
cds and records (on the shopping page)
cigars (on the food & dining page)
coffee & tea (on the food & dining page)
conservation & environment (on the nature & wildlife page)
cooking (on the food & dining page)
corporate giants (on the shopping page)
coupons (on the shopping page)
crafts (on the art & galleries page)
dining (on the food & dining page)
film (on the nightlife page)
finance (on the services page)
food (on the food & dining page)
graphics (on the art & galleries page)
history (on the museums page)
home improvement (on the real estate page)
humor (on the nightlife page)
kids' links (sites of excellence, all rated g) (on the museums page)
legal (on the services page)
libraries (on the museums page)
magazines (on the newspapers page)
maps (on the travel & lodging page)
music (on the nightlife page)
photography (on the art & galleries page)
radio (on the nightlife page)
reference (on the museums page)
schools (on the museums page)
telephone directories (on the services page)
television (on the nightlife page)
theatre (on the nightlife page)
toys & games (on the shopping page)
travel (on the travel & lodging page)
universities (on the museums page)
video (on the shopping page)
wines & spirits (on the vineyards & wineries page)



other hamptons internet sites

easthampton.com - "where to eat, sleep and play in east hampton"

hamptonsonline - "life on a virtual beach" (southampton)

the shelter island register
thehamptons.com (southampton)

webhampton (east hampton)


beaches • boating & fishing • food & dining • gallery • government • hotels & motels
lawn & garden • museums • nature & wildlife • newspapers • nightlife
real estate • services • shopping • sports • weather • wineries
what's new on the hamptons web
you are visitor number . thank you for visiting the hamptons web.

the hamptons web is owned and operated by sagal computer systems and the hamptons web, inc. please e-mail all requests for inclusion in the hamptons web, as well as any comments, corrections or suggestions to webmaster@hamptonsweb.com


the hamptons web and sagal computer systems are registered trademarks of the hamptons web, inc., a subsidiary of sagal computer systems. counter by web counter.





copyright (c) 1998 the hamptons web, inc. all rights reserved. any publication, reprinting or commercial use of any kind of any of the original material contained herein is expressly forbidden, unless permission has been obtained in advance from the authors.


