



paul richards























our web presence

coinquest is an unconventional numismatic web site. instead of addressing the many facets of coin collecting, coinquest focuses on appraising rare and valuable coins, medals, and tokens from around the world. other sites usually require a priori knowledge of numismatics to do appraisals. coinquest gives coin values for those unfamiliar with coin collecting.

coinquest newsletter arrives in subscriber's inboxes with interesting articles for collectors and non-collectors. subscriptions are free or paid, via substack.com. there are always high-quality pictures of exciting coins from around the world and throughout time.

creation god's way provides a comprehensive comparison of creation and evolution. several theories about the origin of the universe and the complexities of life are identified and explored. both sides are treated with equal respect, which is rare on the internet today. available as a published book and ebook at amazon. illustrations by monica minto.

stat-matics ascap is our label for music creation, publication, and distribution. ascap = the american society of composers, authors and publishers. click here for our youtube channel.

faith rhodes piano virtuosic, beautiful christian piano music by faith rhodes and her family. selections include i surrender all, our great savior, this little light of mine, 10,000 reasons, i'd rather have jesus, and 7 more.

billy's messy day billy loves to get messy! he also loves saturdays because he can spend the whole day in clothes he can get dirty. how dirty do you think he can get his clothes? enjoy this delightful children's book by vicky kotula.

good vibes graffiti the artistry of steven j. anderson. steven's work connects bible scripture to words of encouragement drawn in graffiti style. a coloring book, wall decor, and free downloads are available.

family snaps our favorite snapshots of family, friends, scenery, and objects from around home and on trips and vacations. there are many different categories that cover a time period of all of the 20th century and this first part of the 21st.





















