













































    
    militec-1 lubricant-grease for firearms-autos-sportsmen
  
  












          
 
militec, inc. north america:
513-542-0018 militec, inc. international:
513-542-0018  the best way to contact us is by email as phones aren't monitored 24/7.militec@militec-1.com
 




       home



  about us


   news



  recognition & awards



  testimonials





  industries


   firearms



  law enforcement



  military



  sportsmen



  autos & boats



  other vehicles





  products


   militec lubricant



  militec grease



  technical information



  sds information



  militec-1 specifications





  store



  media



  faqs



  international



  contact






     












       
 





         

call us

reduce emissions with militec-1®  

  

learn how




     militec-1
®
dry, impregnated
 lubrication & grease

 militec-1® is the gold standard in combat. treated weapons have been tested and proven to be more accurate, deliver higher muzzle velocity with the same load, and show decreased wear at all critical wear points. also, the weapons subjectively "feel" better in blind tests. militec, inc. has received thousands of testimonial emails from front line troops.all automotive and fleet applications, including all universal and cv joints, chassis, wheel bearing, high-temp disc brake, steering gear, water pump, fifth wheel, etc.all "off-road" equipment used in agriculture, construction, logging, and mining where maximum protection against extreme shock loading and/or severe water washout is required.all industrial applications, including conveyor belts, rock crushers, lumber mills, sand and gravel screens, oil field and offshore drilling equipment, marine deck equipment, etc. be sure to check our site for instructions on how to 
apply militec-1® to firearms  
or, how to
apply militec-1® to autos, 
motorcycles and 2-cycle engines.
  

we support our troopsmilitec-1 has been used by over 2 million combat troops since 9-11. we have temporarily stopped providing free samples until further notice.


  
 military weapons military and law enforcement personnel have lived by this maxim ever since firearms were invented. unfortunately, real-world conditions and unstable lubricants often makes this advice difficult or impossible to follow.   

get more information




   law enforcement weapons law enforcement officers have a sworn obligation to save lives. maintaining a weapon by cleaning, inspecting, lubricating and verifying the functioning of the pistol should be done when the weapon has been fired or exposed to the elements.    

read more





  
 industrial transportation militec-1  
can be used with petroleum, mineral, parasynthetic and synthetic oils and greases in the following applications and ratios for heavy equipment:bulldozers, backhoes, road graders, busestrack vehicles, forklifts, cranes, trucksvehicles, railroad   

learn more




   sportsmen the north american hunting club, a group of 750,000+ enthusiastic members, field-tested militec-1. the test involved 1,000 nahc members who volunteered to do product evaluations for the club.    

get more information









      



    

  © 2025 
all rights reserved | militec, inc. 


site by oasis grafx

 cookie policy  | 
privacy policy |  terms of use  shipping & returns policy | site map     

 

 

 





   share

 tweet

 share

 mail





















































































































  
  share by:








