





blue lagoon pools – pool creation, renevation and restoration


















































































 

















 















toggle navigation












home
pool designs

concrete & designer pools
pre-moulded pools
public pools


pool renovation
contact us















 





blue lagoon pools 

choose from different designs 







need a public pool? 

view completed projects 







designer pools 







lap pools 







spa & pool combo 


 












about usblue lagoon pools


blue lagoon pools has been the leader in the swimming pool industry over the past 5 decades. as multiple award winner, blue lagoon pools has made a lasting impression and our good reputation is enhanced by our cidb government approved grade 5 ce grading, membership of the master builders association (mba), the national spa and pool institute of south africa (nspi) and thousand of satisfied customers.






we truly are master swimming pool builders.






blue diamond hotel pool




members


“blue lagoon pools must have been doing something right since 1962 to be able to grow in size and quality every passing year” call us on 012 362 1465/6/7



























testimonials


what some of our customers have said about blue lagoon pools








tessa brendon
 - virgin active
what a professional service! we were so pleased with their services in quotation, installation and delivery that we have used them numerous time. if you need a public pool then blue lagoon is the pool business that will deliver!!!








ben cambel
home owner - 
“i want to thank you and your staff from the bottom of my heart for helping us out with our pool. you and your staff were very professional and caring.”








marie venter
eienaar - angel house
hulle het ons swembad by project house angel omskep in n rolstoel vriendelike swembad. ons ou kindertjies was so gelukkig. pyk werk. julle is fantasties



contact us



 














  
  


  
choose service  concrete & designer poolspublic poolspre-moulded poolspool renovationgeneral enquiry 


 





  



















 










copyright 2019 by roots design. all rights reserved.










 













































