

craftah llc... where the world comes to find maines's finest arts & crafts











welcome to craftah, llc





in the realm of arts & crafts: we create crafts,
publicize events & promote fairs







  










craftah crafters





goodwin's country crafts






.....gcc calendar.....









barb's handpainted





karrottop jewelry




showcar tags




charlotte young knits




other crafters









craftah events








craftah fairs: all venues









craftah services








craftah misc




your craftah site






craftah contact info





			 

			craftah, llc
po box 11
pittsfield  me  04967-0011

			207.408.7520

dale@craftah.com









2023 directories are going to be where it's all happening!!
pre-order yours today... click below..


the craftah arts & crafts directory:
maine & new hampshire's arts/crafts event promoters 
there is no time like the presentto have 
your event information listed for  free
in the craftah craft fair directory

     promoters... click the plate for the free form!!     



the 2023 craftah arts & crafts
						directory is now on pre-order sale!!!
(printed & shipped by february 1st, 2023)


click on the cover logo
above to be taken directly to the order page...






						what is craftah?? you ask...




that's a fair question, since most anyone who knows about us probably saw the name and web address on the craftah van, the baron pt cruiser or has seen dale around at craft fairs talking up the craftah arts & crafts directory. if you have visited local maine craft fairs, you've probably seen dale around talking to artists, crafters and promoters, all in an effort to make the way arts & crafts are displayed and sold better for all.

						word is starting to spread through the crafting community though too.  so you may have also heard about www.craftah.com from other crafters or artisans who have been talking up this little start-up venture.  the craftah concept is a bit of a sidestep on current internet commerce.  how do you combine the high tech world of the internet with the down home feel of being a craftah...  we hope to show crafters how it can be done profitably for their ventures!!
						 
<<<<< check out the craftah crafters to the left here!!

www.craftah.com aims to be an ongoing virtual event for crafters and artisans of maine, and eventually all of new england, and maybe in time, world wide.

						it's a sort of craft fair that never ends...

						crafters can choose from many options on how to display their creations, to either sell their goods from their online table or create a smaller presence on the world wide web.  a presence on the web can be just a name, address and some info on what potential craft buyers can expect to see or buy at craft events that can be attended in the real world.

						like most new craft fairs, we're still working out the details and getting everything into a regular format to be able to serve artists & crafters and art/craft buyers on a consistent, high level of quality.

						if you've got any questions or comments, ideas or suggestions, etc., please don't hesitate to contact dale.


craftah  ink.  booth  awarded  best  of  show



69th annual eastern maine sportsman's show
						march 16, 17, 18, 2007
						umo fieldhouse, orono, maine

						special thanks to craftah crafters:
						casual elegants - anita flood
						deb's kitchen - deb grant
						goodwin's country crafts - donald & dale goodwin
						patrea's crafts - patti & john thibodeau









 
			



rapid information center






						sadly, the matriarch of the family has passed on to her next jounery.
read more >

the craftah arts & crafts directory, over ten years into publishing an annual edition... our next directory is now available to pre-order... click the new and improved cover design there to the left to be taken to the order page.
the last directory is still available for those that enjoy the fall arts & crafts events!!
thanks



						 























