












cid parker colorado basement finishing and remodeling | custom integrated designs ltd. | cid





      skip to main content
    




info@cidbasements.com
(303) 591-7100
free estimate
client login








custom integrated designs ltd.
take your basement to a new level







main navigation

show — main navigation
hide — main navigation


home


services


contractors


projects


about


contact









 






basement finishing & remodeling
cid basements offers complete design and construction services to finish your basement or any remodeling project in your home. we specialize in unique floor plans, room design, custom cabinetry, and architectural details with personalized service and attention to detail. we offer a full range of services including:
basement finishing
basement remodeling
home repair
roof replacement
our services
free estimate








projects
please have a look at some of our past projects and begin imagining what cid ltd. can do to "take your basement to a new level" from custom wet bars, entertainment centers and custom office suites, cid basements can design and inspire a truly one of a kind project for you.
view projects



handyman blog


mold is a much bigger problem in colorado than most people realize. with colorado’s dry climate, people mistakenly believe that if they allow the water to dry from a flooding incident they will not have mold. unfortunately, that is not the case. read full post


more posts





testimonials


jerry, you guys did a great job on our basement. the design and quality are impeccable. your insight  into the design and layout were incredible. not one of the other contractors that we interviewed had half of the ideas that you brought to us.


customer feedback





free consult
we can help you create the perfect space for you to enjoy in your home. contact us today and we will help you turn your dream into a reality from start to finish. give us a call at (303) 591-7100 to get started. what do you have in mind for basement finishing or home renovations? together we can make it happen!
get an estimate





photos


 

 



view more photos





videos








view more videos










custom integrated designs © 2017
(303) 591-7100 | sms messageinfo@cidbasements.com



footer


perfect bbb rating


contact


links


blog


accessibility






 




offering personalized service and attention to detail since 1977 in the following colorado areas:
aurora
castle rock
castle pines areas
elizabeth
kiowa
lone tree
parker



user account menu


log in










