disneyland paris - tickets, deals, family holidays | disneyland paris




skip to main contentmenuticketshotel + tickets






let the magic shine at disneyland parisbook a hotel + ticket package buy tickets planning your trip to disneyland parisdiscover products and digital services to help you both decide on the best time to visit and how to get the most out of your holiday​the disneyland paris experienceescape to the heart of the disney, pixar, marvel and star wars universes that you love so much. disneyland paris is full of activities for all ages and all tastes!can’t wait for your trip? important information to know…due to high demand, our disney parks are full on many dates. to enter the disney parks, you must either have a dated ticket or register your visit date in advance if you have an undated ticket, annual pass or disneyland pass. you can check back regularly to see availability on our website. we remind you that tickets are not on sale at the entrance of the disney parks. we can't wait to welcome you to disneyland paris!buy a ticketregister my visitnew! now purchase special-rate tickets for guests with disabilities onlinestarting from 19 november 2024, purchase your special-rate tickets online.guests with disabilities can enjoy a 25% reduction on the price of a disney park ticket booked online for themselves and one accompanying guest, subject to the presentation of official proof of disability at the ticket counters on the day.learn moresprinkle some magic into your inbox!sign up for disney e-mails to receive news, special offers, and updates about disneyland paris, and discover all the latest from across the walt disney family of companies.sign up nowdiscover our two parks: disneyland park, walt disney studios park and the shops, bars, restaurants and cinema at disney village.


legal informationhelpplanning & moreother disney siteslegal information and website conditionseu privacy rightsbooking terms & conditionstheme parks rulescopyrightsprivacy policyguest parking regulationsrules and regulations of disneyland paris hotelscookies policyvideo protectionanimal care center regulationsdisney village rulesmodify your cookie preferencesphotographs at park turnstilesstay connectedany questions about all available products or offers?please call our advisers at+33 1 60 30 60 53international call rates apply. cost may vary according to networkwe apply enhanced health and safety measures at disneyland paris to protect our guests and cast members. read more© disney • pixar © & tm lucasfilm ltd. © marvel. all rights reserved


