





swla economic development alliance - swla economic development alliance































main menu


 






 









member log-in
 | blog
 | staff directory
 | events
 | join the chamber
 | fight fraud
 | search our members




 











the alliance 

staff directory 
about the chamber swla 

chamber swla board of directors 


alliance foundation 
the seed center business incubator 

apply for the business pitch 


webinars 
alliance blog 
press releases 
sign up for our newsletters! 
photo gallery 
swla connection app! 
livability in southwest louisiana 
regional links of interest 


chamber benefits 

photo gallery 
customer service training 
member to member job board 
advocate! 
chamber perks 

office depot perks 


seed center room rentals 
emergency: business 911 


get involved 

events 

chamber events 
business community calendar 


committees 

environmental affairs 
business diversity & inclusion taskforce 


quality of life 

clean biz program 


women's business network 
swla pros 
fusion five 
leadership swla 

join the council 
leadership swla alumni 
leadership 2025 application! 




member search 
economic development 

 








held annually, the chamber swla legisgator luncheon features local, state and national representatives for our region.  



five-star accreditation by u.s. chamber… top 1% in nation  named large chamber of the year 3 times by the louisiana association of chamber of commerce executives  we have over 1,200 members!  one of the largest in the state 



situated atop one of the largest aquifers in the world, beauregard parish is home to such industries as paper, plastics, and chemical production as well as insurance providers.  the gothic jail of deridder 



people from all over the world visit jeff davis parish to enjoy and experience rich cajun and native american culture.  pictured: gator chateau 



plentiful in natural resources and beauty, allen parish is home to the coushatta tribe of louisiana which operates the state’s premier land-based casino resort, the coushatta casino resort 



mcneese state university offers over 60 degree programs 



port of lake charles one of the top ports in the nation 



the seed center located on mcneese campus, home of our regional incubator 



southwest louisiana community technical college 



cameron parish, southwest louisiana’s largest parish based on land area, is almost entirely gulf marshland. its economy is based on oil, natural gas, agriculture, fishing and trapping. learn more about lng 











2024 annual report






southwest louisiana magazine






clean biz partnership






photo gallery






our business incubator






































news
events
blog



chamber swla hosts successful annual banquet 
thursday, february  6, 2025 business leaders were recognized at this year’s 121st annual banquet of the chamber swla and attendees were given insight into the future of southern economic development from speaker gray swoope, president/ceo of visionfirst advisors. swoope served as florida’s secretary of commerce and president of enterprise florida, where he led the state’s economic development efforts under governor rick scott from 2011 to 2015. he previously served as executive director of the mississippi development authority under governor haley barbour, playing a key role in attracting major companies to mississippi and driving the state’s economic recovery after hurricane katrina.
the evening honored three business leaders who are making a difference in our communit read more


2025 leadership class underway! 
friday, january 10, 2025 this year's leadership southwest class is made up of up-and-coming leaders spanning southwest louisiana’s many industries will read more

more news




sorry...there are currently no events listed. view calendar





chamber swla banquet big success
tuesday, february  4, 2025 business leaders were recognized at this year’s 121st annual banquet of the chamber swla on january 30 and attendees were given insight into the future of southern economic development. the banquet set the stage for new alliance leadership with the arrival of new president /ceo scott walker later this month. read more


looking ahead with optimism
tuesday, january 21, 2025 as i prepare to step away from my role as president and ceo of the swla economic development alliance, it’s time to reflect on the past 20 years. it’s been an incredible journey, one filled with challenges, growth, and above all, a deep sense of community. together, we’veweathered hurricanes, celebrated industrial expansions, and built stronger partnerships that have positioned southwest louisiana as a powerhouse for economic development. read more

more blog posts





videos














connect with us









swla economic development alliance



tweets by swlaalliance 


















contact information













address:
swla chamber-economic alliance
4310 ryan street
lake charles, la 70605


phone:
337.433.3632


website issues:
awhite@allianceswla.org






 
 website by accrisoft































back to top 



