



	labor and employment section

























the state bar of texas
labor and employment law section













about

about
join us
membership
events
officers
council members



contact


resources

resources
newsletter
cle library
pro bono
jury charge & verdicts library
cle video library
guest articles



committees

annual meeting committee
fall update/cle committee
jury charge committee
law review writing committee
membership committee
pro bono/ internships committee
website committee



council only


newsfeed







login
join





























welcome tothe state bar of texas labor and employmentlaw section
the purpose of the labor and employment law section is to promote and enhance the practice of law by all lawyers who 
                        specialize or have an interest in labor and employment law.
learn more






login to your account




your bar id



your password




remember me


forgot my password

login































not a member?
join today
membership in the labor & employment law section is open to any attorney who is a member of the state bar of texas and who has an interest in labor and employment law. membership entitles you to receive our quarterly newsletter and access to our free members-only, searchable libraries. learn more about us on this site or reach out to gilbert sanchez, current section chair.

learn more









recent events




view more





message from the chair



the mission of the sbot labor and employment
section is to train and empower texas’ labor and employment attorneys. more
than 3,000 strong, our members are comprised of worker-side, management-side,
labor union, government, public interest, and in-house attorneys. we promote
competent and civil advocacy under our civil justice system, in order to
advance fairness in the workplace.

- gilbert sanchez, chair

 













the state bar of texas
labor and employment law section


the mission of the sbot labor and employment section is to train and empower texas’ labor and employment attorneys. more than 3,000 strong, our members are comprised of worker-side, management-side, labor union, government, public interest, and in-house attorneys. we promote competent and civil advocacy under our civil justice system, in order to advance fairness in the workplace.
- john a. wenke, chair



















about


contact


resources


committees


council only


newsfeed









            copyright 2025 all rights reserved. the state bar of texas labor and employment law section.
            

















what are you looking for?


search























