






imagination media | we are a full service radio agency offering creative production services for the christian radio community.

































home
about
clients

a new beginning
the urban alternative


contact












 













we are a full service radio agency offering creative production services for the christian radio community.










about









imagination media is a premier radio agency and production company dedicated to partnering with leading radio ministries to spread the gospel and teach god’s word.
it’s our privilege to invest our imagination toward helping them deliver that timeless truth more effectively.  it’s a message that will last longer than we do.

imagination media is owned and managed by dave spiker.










clients









a new beginning with pastor greg laurie
pastor greg is the featured speaker of the harvest crusade, and hosts nationally syndicated radio and television programs. "a new beginning," a 25-minute daily radio broadcast, airs on more than 1,200 stations and is also one of the most popular christian podcasts on itunes. additionally, pastor greg hosts "refresh," a 58-minute weekly music and teaching program, "a harvest moment," a daily one-minute radio feature, and "knowing god," a daily two-minute radio feature.

more about a new beginning with pastor greg laurie

followfollowfollowfollow











the urban alternative with dr. tony evans
the urban alternative is the national ministry of dr. tony evans and is dedicated to transforming individuals, families, churches and communities through the sound teaching of the word of god. the flagship outreach is the half-hour radio broadcast the alternative with dr. tony evans, heard on 1400 radio outlets throughout the united states and in more than 130 countries.

more about the urban alternative with dr. tony evans

followfollowfollowfollow







 












contact



















all website content © copyright 2024 imagination media | privacy policy




 
















