






















homepage - warsaw biblical gardens






























































 















search


homeabout wbgplant datatoursschedule a tourself-guided toureventsweddingsevents listingphotossupportlinkscontact us






homeabout wbgplant datatoursschedule a tourself-guided toureventsweddingsevents listingphotossupportlinkscontact us














welcome to the
warsaw biblicalgardens inwarsaw, in, usa
we are officially open fromapril 15th to october 10th each year.we are open every day of the week from about dawn to dusk.


welcome


the gardens have been planted with every effort made to achieve botanical and historical accuracy. references especially helpful in the planning of the gardens were plants of the bible by harold and alma moldenke and planting a bible garden by f. nigel hepper. each plant is labeled with a marker bearing its name.
the gardens, situated on approximately 3/4 acre, currently contain over one-hundred plants that are named in the bible. a diversity of climates can be found in the holy land, which allows for most of its plants to be grown somewhere in the us. these gardens represent those plants hardy enough to the environs of the midwest to survive here. several tender plants that are grown in the gardens are wintered in greenhouses from october to april.





the warsaw biblical gardens are thriving. we would like to thank the community for their continued support and interest in the gardens.




best times to visit

april 15 to may 10, for bulb displays
may 15 to july 4th (approx) for highest color. if we have a kinder summer, it may be a bit longer before we start to “burn”.
september to early october for fall meadow displays and grasses.

we offer guided tours from may 15th through september 15th. click here for more information.






events
tours

the warsaw biblical gardens are a rare oasis, rich in beauty and tranquility, and are accessible for persons of all ages and of all faiths.

learn more










events
weddings

the warsaw biblical gardens provides a beautiful and unique setting for your wedding. we allow ceremony only. reception must be held at another location.

learn more










events





tours





plants












homeabout wbgplant datatourseventsphotossupportlinkscontact us











warsaw biblical gardens
347 n. buffalo st., warsaw, in 46580
574-267-6218








copyright © 2025 warsaw biblical gardens
wordpress web design by digital hill | goshen indiana





































