



global trade analysis project (gtap)






















contact us
google search  |
log in / create account  |

home  |






navigation bar

about gtap

mission and vision
getting started with gtap
the project
the center
gtap consortium
gtap scientific council
gtap history
gtap in the news
gtap newsletters
job/professional opportunities
graduate programs
gtap press kit
contact us


data bases


gtap data base

gtap 11 data base
documentation
licensing and pricing
order form
download data base (restricted)
archived (free) releases


satellite data and utilities

gtap africa data base

gtap africa 2 data base
order form
archived (free) releases


free data bases
other data
contribute data to gtap


models

gtap model
dynamic model
envisage
manage
other gtap models
other models
requirements
rungtap
simple-g


research

energy
land use and land cover
baseline
labor migration
poverty


resources

advanced search
journal of global economic analysis
gtap technical papers
gtap working papers
gtap research memoranda
gtap-l mailing list
gtap faqs


popular cge books/articles
important references


network

advanced search
research fellows
hall of fame
gtap team award
alan a. powell award
other networks


events


gtap advisory board meetings


upcoming
past



gtap conferences


upcoming
past



gtap virtual seminar series




gtap-u


gtap 101 courses

upcoming

past
online course (restricted)



gtap short courses

upcoming

past
online course (restricted)



gtap dynamic short courses


upcoming
past
online course (restricted)



gtap pta courses

upcoming

past
online course (restricted)



gtap-het courses

upcoming

past
online course (restricted)





special access

gtap staff
advisory board
data contributor

conference organization
research fellows committee






related to your region: 

gtap data base
gtap africa 2 data base for free
the gtap africa 2 data base includes data for 42 regions (32 african regions plus 10 other aggregated regions) and the 57 sectors of the gtap 8.1 data base. new and updated i-o tables have been contributed with the help of african economists who were awarded scholarships to contribute this data and pursue research on african economic issues. the gtap africa 2 data base is packaged with the gtapagg aggregation software which is freely available for download after placing an order on the gtap website.  more info
gtap africa 1 data base for free
the gtap africa 1 data base includes data for 39 regions (30 african regions and 9 other aggregated regions) and the 57 sectors of the gtap 6 data base. cameroon, cote d'ivoire, the democratic republic of congo, ethiopia, ghana, kenya and sudan are the new i-o tables that have been contributed by african economists who were awarded scholarships to contribute this data and pursue research on african economic issues. more info




global trade analysis project (gtap)

                    the global trade analysis project (gtap) is a global network of researchers and policy makers conducting quantitative analysis of international policy issues. gtap is coordinated by the center for global trade analysis in purdue university's department of agricultural economics.

                    

gtap at a glance ( fr | es )
                    







current highlights










"approximating terms of trade effects in single country cge models"
                        
                        february 18, 2025
                        
                        9:00-10:00am (us est, utc-5)
                        
registration

                            published in the journal of global economic analysis, volume 9, no. 2 (2024)
                            
                                moderator: channing arndt, center for global trade analysis, purdue university
                            

                                speaker: andrew schreiber, us environmental protection agency
                                











28th annual conference on global economic analysis
"accelerating economic transformation, resilience, diversification, and job creation"

                            june 25-27, 2025  |  radisson blu hotel & convention centre
                            kigali, rwanda
                        








dates/deadlines (usa eastern time zone)
                                



                                    abstracts / session proposals
                                

           	                        nov 4 - jan 15
                                



                                    abstract review
                                

           	                        jan 17 - feb 9
                                



           	                        status notifications
                                

           	                        late feb/early mar
                                



                                    paper submission
                                

           	                        apr 15
                                



registration


           	                        jan 6 - apr 15
                                








                             the goal of the conference is to promote the exchange of ideas among economists conducting quantitative analysis of global economic issues. particular emphasis will be placed on applied general equilibrium methods, data, and application. related theoretical and applied work is also welcome.
                         

advancements and resilience in value chains and economic development
africa in the global economy
seizing the benefits of the digital economy for growth
tackling the economics of regional integration and cooperation
what the green transition means for africa
filling data gaps - understanding the informal economy
more ...





















don't forget to subscribe to our social media and the gtap-l mailing list







gtap-l
our email-based mailing list that many members of the gtap network are subscribed to. regular mailings concerning new features of the gtap model and/or data base, as well as new projects, course offerings and job opportunities. contributors often use the list to solicit help or ask advice about the modeling framework.















announcements
organizations interested in posting an announcement below and on the gtap-l mailing list should email complete details, including contact information and closing dates, to contactgtap@purdue.edu.






gtap events


deadline


gtap virtual seminar series - registration
feb 16, 2025gtap conference - registrationapr 15, 2025gtap conference - registration paymentapr 20, 2025





network events/notices


deadline


ecomod2025 - call for papersfeb 16, 2025cgemod - global cge modellingmar 20, 2025cgemod - single country cge modellingmar 20, 2025





job/professional opportunities


deadline


ec jrc - climate economic modeler feb 23, 2025nz treasury - econ modelling specialistmar 2, 2025




gtap support

	gtap network members in need of technical support are encouraged to use the following avenues to request assistance. general, non-technical inquiries may be addressed to contactgtap@purdue.edu.

    

gtap faqsthe center for global trade analysis maintains a searchable repository of frequently asked questions on many different aspects of gtap.
gtap support emailgtapsupport@purdue.edu is an account monitored by the center for global trade analysis' data team. network members can email to reach a gtap staff member for technical support on any gtap product.
gtap-l mailing listgtap-l is an email-based list to which many members of the gtap network subscribe in order to receive updates on the gtap data base, model, events, jobs and technical assistance. for further information, to subscribe or to access a searchable archive of gtap-l messages, please visit the gtap-l mailing list homepage















center for global trade analysis
department of agricultural economics
purdue university
    403 mitch daniels blvd.west lafayette, indiana 47907-2056 usa

    

    © 2025, purdue university. all rights reserved.
    
purdue university is an equal access/equal opportunity university.
    
    if you have trouble accessing this page due to disability, please contact contactgtap@purdue.edu.


  the gtap website uses cookies to enhance site navigation and analyze site usage.
  ok





