

goes 9/10/12 hotspot images: monitoring lava flows and fires






  goes 9/10/12 hot spot images
  






with acknowledgments to



naval research laboratory satellite applications group
headed by jeff hawkins
for goes data preprocessing and access.


the remote sensing data analysis service (rsdas, plymouth marine
laboratory, plymouth, uk)
headed by dr peter miller
(wwwrsdas@unixmail.npm.ac.uk)
for avhrr data preprocessing and access.















     aloha! welcome to the goes 9/10/12 hotspot images web site
hosted by the hawai'i institute of geophysics and planetology, at the 
university of hawai'i.



     we are currently posting the most recent goes-9, goes-10 and goes-12 images for selected sites 
in the western hemisphere. each site is imaged by a goes satellite an average of once every 15 minutes. 
these image data are made directly available to us by the naval research laboratory, enabling our 
images to be updated at that frequency. allowing for data transfer and processing time, our 
most current images are usually 10-30 minutes old when displayed.


     six goes image products are presented for each site. the purpose of the different 
images is to highlight various atmospheric and thermal features. some sites contain additional information 
on the radiance (energy output) of specific areas of interest, such as an active volcano. three 
and a half day mpeg movies are available for image products highlighted by a blue border.  click on these 
highlighted images to view the corresponding movie. for a 
description of how we produce these image products please read our 
image product descriptions page.


     use caution when interpreting these images. the strong
temperature difference between land and water may generate false hotspots
along coastlines. 


     note that by adjusting the width of your browser page the images can be 
viewed side-by-side for easier comparison. while we make every effort to maintain our server 
at close to 100% reliability, we regret that sometimes these images and movies may
temporarily be unavailable.


     viewed this welcome message and don't need to see it anymore? then bookmark 
our quick start page at http://goes.higp.hawaii.edu/goes.shtml 
to go straight to the current goes hotspot images on your next visit! you can always return to 
this welcome page through the 'return to main' link near the bottom of each page.



   

goes image viewer
or
specific volcanoes







hawaiian islands
  




big island of hawai'i
  



galapagos islands

eastern pacific ocean
  


senegal

west africa
  






current coverage








alaska west





alaska east







washington/oregon
  



idaho/montana
  




eastern us - maine
  






california/nevada
  




arizona/nevada/colorado/new mexico
 





mexico west
  




mexico east
  




central america
  






colombia and ecuador





brazil







south peru and north chile





central chile





south chile







new zealand
  




about these images





goes 9/10/12 hotspot images  

http://goes.higp.hawaii.edu/index.shtml

hawai'i institute of geophysics and planetology,
school of ocean and earth science and technology,
university of hawai'i

web curator: eric pilger 
pilger@higp.hawaii.edu

your comments and suggestions are appreciated!

last site maintenance:
20:33:04 tuesday 09 february 1999 gmt

optimized for netscape navigator 4.0+
data use agreement













