





suresh rattan's website – introducing myself, my ideas, achievements, offers and beyond…




























































skip to content









































	                                suresh rattan's website	                                	                                        introducing myself, my ideas, achievements, offers and beyond...






























		                        		suresh rattan's website		                        	
introducing myself, my ideas, achievements, offers and beyond...





home
my cv

academic cv
artistic acts
videos and press


ageing lab
publications

articles
books
patents


research

ageing research
hormesis
kinetin


what can i offer

lectures/workshops

lectures
forthcoming & past lectures
my videos


consultancy
teaching/supervision


biogerontology (journal)









search for:






























						home					



home 










 
 welcome to my personal website
from information to knowledge to wisdom
i’m     suresh rattan   
i am a scientist – a biogerontologist – addressing the issues of the biology of life and death, ageing, old age, healthy ageing, healthspan, immortality and beyond…

as a multi-dimensional scientist, i can do the following for you:
1. give unique and exciting lectures and workshops on health, ageing, life, death, longevity, at all levels of understanding – from school children to “lay-public” to journalists to scientific experts, and incorporating biology, psychology, sociology and more…;
2.  provide consultancy to companies involved in researching and developing practical applications for healthy ageing, including cosmetics, cosmeceuticals, nutriceuticals, hormetins;
3. provide research suggestions/guidance for bsc, msc, phd studies and beyond;  
4. train you for effective science communication (lecturing, writing research/review/popular articles) for scientists and public; &
5. grant   “certificate of authentication” for your age-care and health-care hormetic products as scientific evidence-based potential hormetins.
(details of each of the above activities can be found on the specific pages mentioned on the menu above)

a list of my forthcoming and some recent past lectures can be seen by clicking here.  
something special: my youtube channel where you can see my short and long video-lectures in english and punjabi.

you may have reached this site by choice or by chance;
and if you want to know more about my educational background, academic achievements – degrees earned, and awards, honours and other symbols of success including publications, discoveries, ideas, and more –
you are welcome to surf the relevant sections as given in the navigating buttons above.
 or for a quick summary, you can go to wikipedia to read a short write up about me, and then come back to this page for details.
biogerontology is also the title of a peer reviewed international journal, published by springer-nature publishers, with me as its founder and editor-in-chief, since its inception in 2000. this journal is a premier journal of ageing research and interventions; and we also celebrate the memories of biogerontologists…






 
highlights of my ageing research career and ideas
following are some of my major contributions, for which, i think, i can happily take some credit:

gerontogenes:  coining the term “gerontogenes”  (1984) for any genes involved in ageing, and then modifying it to “virtual gerontogenes”  (1994) to indicate that real gerontogenes do not exist.
kinetin:  discovering the ageing modulatory effects of cytokinins, kinetin and zeatin on human skin fibroblasts (1986), which are now used in several skin care products worldwide.
biogerontology:  introduced this term for my course on the biology of ageing (1995), and then used it for the journal “biogerontology” (started in 2000), which since then has become a standard term to refer to the study of ageing at the biological level.
essential lifespan: coining the term “essential lifespan”  (1999) for the duration of life as “required” by evolution in assuring the survival of a species for the continuation of generations.
hormesis:  applying and refining the concept of mild stress-induced hormesis in ageing research and interventions (since 1998).
hormetins and hormetics:  coining the terms “hormetins” (2005) for conditions that induce hormesis, and “hormetics” (2011) for the science and study of hormesis.
homeodynamic space:  developing the concept of “homeodynamic space” (2002) as an indicator of the survival ability and buffering capacity of dynamic biological systems; and “shrinkage of the homeodynamic space” as the phenotype of ageing.

my blog series from 2018 onwards, titled living in old age can be accessed at thriveglobal by clicking on the links below:
living in old age-1: coming face to face  
living in old age-2: when did i become old?
living in old age-3: several shades of biological old age
living in old age-4: psycho-social shades of old age
living in old age-5: youth and ageing 
living in old age-6: learning life from death
living in old age-7: the lady and the dog
living in old age-8: visiting own youth

front covers of some of my books for children in punjabi, hindi, english, danish, polish, romanian so far (full description on the section on books)

these are front covers of my scientific books on various aspects of ageing and hormesis (full description on the section on books)

   different moods.















						copyright © 2025 suresh rattan's website | powered by specia wordpress theme 





















