








experience a temagami vacation - temagami and area travel guide































welcome to a land of
            serene nature - temagami, 
a canadian vacation destination offering 
            unsurpassed beauty.
te-mawg-a-mee is ojibway
            for "deep water by the shore".  with many areas
            reaching over 50 feet deep within 20 feet of shore, it is a name
            well deserved.  one vacation on the sparkling waves and you'll
            see why generations of indigenous peoples, traders, naturalists,
            photographers, painters, poets, and tourists have been lured by lake temagami's
            deep,
            clear waters.  visitors enjoy
            3,000 miles of shoreline harboring over 1,200 islands surrounded by
            majestic pines on lake temagami - only one of the many lakes in the
            temagami area.
relax in temagami
relaxation
            can be found for your vacation at numerous lodges, cottage resorts, on a houseboat, or
            at a campsite.  you can make  your vacation as peaceful as you
            like by tucking into a back  bay, hiking into the
             deep backcountry,
            or flying in to a remote lake.  over 20 canoe routes stretch across
            temagami's spectacular
            wilderness, making the area a high point for many canoeists. 
            whether you are experienced and adventurous, or just a beginner, our
            local outfitters can guide you on a canoe route to match your skill.
explore temagami
there are many forest
            trails to hike and mountain lookouts available to aspire to,
            including high rock, ferguson mountain, and maple mountain. 
            temagami offers so
            many activity options for your vacation getaway, you'll have a hard
            time fitting them all in.  just make sure you plan to take the
            time to enjoy
            the lake's refreshing and pristine waters, scenic shorelines, and
            spectacular sunsets.  visit our temagami
            photo galleries and see many photos of the beautiful scenery,
            wildlife, and activities that temagami has to offer.
explore the portage to a
            backcountry lake.  relax and soak in the sun at the water's
            edge, as it laps against the shoreline.  listen to the call of
            the loon as you drift off to sleep in the evening.  let nature
            provide you with a vacation experience that will call you back to
            temagami again and
            again.
*new* - boat safety - pleasure craft operator card





quick links
                    
articles



summer


winter



canoeing
                    in temagami
                    temagami hiking trails
                    temagami outfitters
white bear forest
                    houseboating
                  on temagami
                    cliff lake
                    conservation reserve


dogsledding
                    in temagami
                    snowmobling in temagami
                    cross country skiing
                    temagami ice fishing



photos and
                    virtual tours



new temagami
                    photo gallery - enjoy something from temagami all year with quality photo prints of some of our newest and best photos.
temagami
                    photo galleries - experience some of the visual
                    beauty of the temagami area and it's wildlife inhabitants.
temagami
                    virtual tours - explore local areas through a fun,
                    interactive, photo adventure.



new additions
                    not yet in menu



external
                    web resources
more resources that may help you find the information
                    you are looking for about temagami.



new
                    articles



temagami
                    ice fishing













 amazon.ca widgets



all website material
      and photos copyright  mike drenth
      2011© unless scanned brochure or
      otherwise noted.
      some photos in business listings may be owned by the respective business.
      hosted by northern computer services.

 












