







sharon g. flake










































































































              about
            

            books
          

              educators & librarians
            



              events
            

            news
          

              connect
            














































































aboutbookseducators & librarians











eventsnewsconnect









scroll






   
  the 
  skin i'm in book iii 

“a thought-provoking portrayal of growing up and defining yourself as a young man.”kirkus reviews, in a review of the family i'm in
january 16, 2025.
just today, i received a  letter from a ten-year-old fan of the skin i'm in.  the letters about maleeka have kept coming for over twenty years now.  and i am as excited to read them as i was the first time one showed up at my home.
in nearly each of the letters, my readers asked if there would ever be a follow to the skin i'm in. for years, i told them no.  then i wrote the life i'm in, charlese jones' story.  you remember her  don't you?  she was the bully in the skin i'm in.  but in the follow-up novel, her long journey turns her into a bit of a hero, and most certainly someone you will empathize and root for along the way.
on april 1, 2025, the next book comes out.   the family i'm in is told from john-john's persepctive.  for years readers ased if john-john was in love with maleeka. you'll have to read the book to find out.  he has quite the story to tell, by the way.  a little older, john-john is looking for love and eager to be accepted for exactly who he is.  however, his father and society keep trying to put him into a box  in an attempt to make that decicion for him.  will he find a way to stand on his own two feet and defind himself for himself?  you will have to grab a copy of the family i'm in to find out.  pre-order now at most any bookstore online, including,amazon, barnes and noble or your local indie. come april 1, you'll find it in bookstores everywhere!   i can't wait for you to read it!


  xo,sharon
  







  

stay social
let's be friends. connect with me on instagram @sharongflake and tag #sharongflake for reposts.
  
let's go → 

  







   












    view my work
  

  

books & things






   

about me











 

i’m sharon g. flake i am so much like many of my readers.  i grew up insecure; not very confident.  yet here i am, one of the top authors for young people in the world.  i write about everyday, average teens who are loved and cheered on by readers on six continents.  my characters  fall down, get up and learn life lessons that help readers believe they too can achieve anything; make it through any storm.  quirky.  honest.  open.. vulnerable.   my characters get young people of all backgrounds reading as never before.  




    meet the author
  

  






home banner



home social



home books



home-about-two












  

stay in touchsign up with your email address to receive news and updates.










email address






sign up





thank you!





quick linksabout sharonthe skin i’m inall bookseventsnews



connect with mei can be found on instagram, facebook, and twitter. please connect withe me and tag #sharongflake for reposts.





























sharon g. flake, 2020 | all rights reserved










