 







sign up to receive our free newsletter, the writer’s life …






















     
















 menu








myawai
					login					






 search | 
search





 today
0 unread items




myawai
					login				





 menu
				




products & training
products & training

product catalogcopywriting trainingself-guided programslive training eventsspecial offers / news 



resources
resources

resources guidearticle searchpricing guidehow-to webinarswriting promptsglossary 



about us
about us

about awaiour promisemeet the expertsmeet the teamtestimonials / storiescase studiesdirectory of writers 



help & support
help & support

helpcontact usfaqswhat is copywriting?what is myawai? 



members
members

member areaabout myawaimember communitycalendarjob opportunitiesmember cataloglogin 



join our facebook fan page
follow us on twitter
follow us on pinterest
connect with us on linkedin
follow us on instagram
subscribe to us on youtube








 newest articles
				


 news


1 dollar = full access to b2b writers international if you're interested in becoming a thriving freelance b2b writer, we’ve got some exciting news to share today…  for a limited time, get one month of complete access to our popular b2b writers international membership site… for only one dollar. 



winners of the writer’s life writing contest from over 230 submissions, nick usborne announces the three winners of the $200 prize from our writing contest about the sleep buds in the writer’s life.


2025 “take flight” industry briefing event — free webinar and q&a  a record $17 billion in new marketing dollars is flooding into the industry between now and 2030 as businesses double down on great copy and content… and that’s on top of the more than $25 billion currently being spent. to help you claim your share of this massive influx of money and take full control of your copywriting career in 2025 and beyond… we’ve completely transformed our industry’s most powerful and personalized copywriting success system. join us on friday, february 21, at 11 a.m. et, where we’ll reveal all the details.






read more news …














signup the writer’s life









hey, aspiring and professional writers! want to learn how you can make a great living doing what you love?



sign up for the writer’s life — our free daily e-newsletter with expert training, writing tips, job listings, and more!







 


first name



email address

join the writer’s life free!

by providing your email today, you’re giving consent for us to contact you by email. we do not sell your personal information to other companies, and you can withdraw consent at any time. by submitting this form, you agree to our privacy policy.








each day you’ll receive actionable advice from working writers you can use to write smarter, get paid faster, and build the life you want.









1. join our communitysimply give us your email address to get started now.





2. get daily guidanceeveryday you’ll get actionable advice from our experts.





3. make great moneyapply the daily tips to create your own satisfying writing career.






since 1997, awai has been helping writers make great money, and obtain the freedom that comes with a well-paid writing career. when you subscribe to the writer’s life, you’ll be joining a community of aspiring and professional writers just like you, who rely on us to help them:

 start making money as a writer
 get the most in-demand writing skills
 land high-paying assignments
 achieve their writing and financial goals
 and a whole lot more …


subscribe now and discover something that can help 
					advance your writing career every single day!
join the writer’s life free






“for over 20 years now, awai has been the gold standard when it comes to training the world’s top performing direct response copywriters”










my awai training and career have been such lifesavers, because i haven't had to find a new job every single time we've moved.
i can just pick up right where i left off in the last state — with no gaps in my income.

— rachael kraft








when i left a 27-year corporate career in favor of launching my own business, i was no stranger to writing and marketing. but i knew i needed “specialized knowledge” to become expert in the disciplines i’d chosen to offer as my core services: copywriting and content marketing.
awai became my go-to resource for expert training in the art, craft, and science of effective direct-response copywriting. that essential, defining skill is the bedrock of success for my business.

— gidget hall








if you’re interested in learning the copywriting and business skills necessary to start your own freelance copywriting business, awai is the place to go.
awai has a vast array of different programs, from general copywriting skills programs, to business building programs, to programs for various niches. i can’t recommend awai highly enough.

— vincent gonsalves








join the writer’s life free



share this page:
facebook   twitter   pinterest   linkedin   email















join our facebook fan page
follow us on twitter
follow us on pinterest
connect with us on linkedin
follow us on instagram
subscribe to us on youtube


begin your writing journey and enjoy the writer’s life with awai!   learn more




 search | 
search





products & training
product catalog
copywriting training
self-guided programs
live training events
special offers / news


resources
resources guide
article search
pricing guide
how-to webinars
writing prompts
glossary


about us
about awai
our promise
meet the experts
meet the team
testimonials / stories
case studies
directory of writers


help & support
help
contact us
faqs
what is copywriting?
what is myawai?


members
member area
about myawai
member community
calendar
job opportunities
member catalog
login




american writers & artists institute
					220 george bush blvd, suite d
					delray beach, fl 33444
					(561) 278-5557 or (866) 879-2924

 


copyright © 2025 american writers & artists institute


privacy policy
help
site map
rss feed
contact us








