



san diego local & national military news|dispatch newspaper














 

 


 

 


 


 


 




























this week's paper (pdf) 








military pay information 








us dept of veterans affairs








tricare & deers health care information  
























 carrier video "sun king hey ya "








funny video








navy region southwest   








visit our facebook page: armed forces dispatch newspaper 
























around town: local events 








upcoming san diego area concerts








movies at the bases: southwest region 








mwr san diego
























san diego military information 








san diego commands 








links
























deadlines








copy regulations and responsibilities 








mechanical measurements 








classified line ads








classified display














educate yourself on advertising to the military via: 

read our posts about marketing to the military 











 








 







						  news to use

uss harry s. truman conducts emergent repair availability
16 february 2025 from uss harry s. truman public affairs
					    souda bay, greece -- the nimitz-class aircraft carrier uss harry s. truman (cvn 75) arrived at u.s. naval support activity (nsa) souda bay, greece, on feb. 16 to conduct an emergent repair availability (erav) on the ship’s starboard quarter following a recent collision.
					    damage assessed includes the exterior wall of two storage rooms and a maintenance space. external to the ship, damage assessed includes a line handling space, the fantail, and the platform above one of the storage spaces. aircraft elevator number three sustained no damage and is fully operational. forward deployed regional maintenance center (fdrmc) will lead the pier side erav, including an assessment and follow-on repairs to damages sustained.
					    “while the ship is fully mission capable and the ship conducted flight operations following the collision, pulling into port for emergent repairs will enable the ship to continue deployment as scheduled,” said capt. dave snowden, harry s. truman’s commanding officer.
					    an assessment team will conduct a full survey of damaged areas and develop a repair plan to be executed immediately following completion of the assessment. the assessment team includes structural engineers, naval architects, and other personnel from fdrmc and norfolk naval shipyard (nnsy). they will be supported by ship’s force personnel and local industry partners for the repair effort.
					    “the forward deployed regional maintenance center's ability to mobilize resources within and outside the theater to conduct repairs underscores the warfighting capability of the world's most powerful navy,” said vice adm. j. t. anderson, commander u.s. sixth fleet.
					    deployed u.s. navy ships routinely undergo planned and emergent maintenance periods such as mid-deployment voyage repairs and eravs, allowing forward-deployed ships to sustain maximal operational readiness. the united states’ relationships with allies and partners provides access to ports around the world, granting the u.s. navy strategic pier availability and resources critical for operational flexibility.
					    “the harry s. truman carrier strike group (hstcsg) units remain operational across geographic regions in support of their component commanders,” said rear adm. sean bailey, commander of hstcsg. “our mission has not changed and we remain committed to responding to any challenge in this dynamic and global security environment.”					    


san diego bay (feb 15, 2024) warping tugs assigned to amphibious construction battalion (acb) 1 guide a yd-254 crane to the salvage site for an ea-18g growler in san diego bay, feb. 15, 2025. u.s. navy sailors are actively working with partners during the salvage for an ea-18g growler; a temporary safety zone for navigable waters in the vicinity of naval base point loma and shelter island in san diego bay has been established and environmental protection measures are in place. the nas whidbey island-based jet with two service members on board crashed into the san diego bay near shelter island wednesday, feb. 12. a charter fishing boat with h & m landing was the first on the scene and pulled the service members, who ejected before the crash, out of the water. 
				          u.s. navy photo by mc1 jerome johnson.


uss tripoli to forward deploy to japan, uss america will move to san diego 
by ladonna singleton, 13 february 2025
					      the america-class amphibious assault ship uss tripoli (lha 7) will move to sasebo, japan, as part of a scheduled rotation of forces in the pacific, the u.s. navy announced today.
					      tripoli will replace uss america (lha 6), which will depart sasebo and move to san diego.
					      the forward presence of tripoli supports the united states’ commitment to the defense of japan, enhances the national security of the united states and improves its ability to protect strategic interests. tripoli will directly support the defense strategic guidance to posture the most capable units forward in the indo-pacific region.
					      the united states values japan’s contributions to the peace, security and stability of the indo-pacific and its long-term commitment and hospitality in hosting u.s. forces forward deployed there. these forces, along with their counterparts in the japan self-defense forces, make up the core capabilities needed by the alliance to meet our common strategic objectives.
					      the security environment in the indo-pacific requires that the u.s. navy station the most capable ships forward. this posture allows the most rapid response times for maritime and joint forces, and brings our most capable ships with the greatest amount of striking power and operational capability to bear in the timeliest manner.
					      maintaining a forward-deployed naval force capability with the most advanced ships supports the united states’ commitment to the defense of japan and the security and stability of the vital indo-pacific region.
nps develops ai solution to automate drone defense with high energy lasers
12 february 2025 from dan linehan
					      monterey, calif.-- lasers enable the u.s. navy to fight at the speed of light. armed with artificial intelligence (ai), ship defensive laser systems can make rapid, accurate targeting assessments necessary for today’s complex and fast-paced operating environment where drones have become an increasing threat.
					      to counter the rapidly mounting threats posed by the proliferation of inexpensive uncrewed autonomous systems (uas), or drones, naval postgraduate school (nps) researchers and collaborators are applying ai to automate critical parts of the tracking system used by laser weapon systems (lws). by improving target classification, pose estimation, aimpoint selection and aimpoint maintenance, the ability of an lws to assess and neutralize a hostile uas greatly increases. enhanced decision advantage is the goal.					    
welcome home! 

					        a sailor from uss o’kane (ddg 77) is greeted as the ship returns to naval base san diego. photo by fc1 bryce cothran. 
uss o’kane returns home after seven-month deployment to 5th and 7th fleet
					      naval base san diego – the arleigh burke-class guided-missile destroyer uss o’kane (ddg 77), assigned to the uss abraham lincoln carrier strike group (abecsg), returned to their homeport, naval base san diego, after a seven-month deployment to the u.s. 3rd, 7th and 5th fleet area of operations, feb. 7.
					      o’kane departed san diego with the abecsg, july 17, 2024, and remained in u.s. 5th fleet following the departure of abecsg who returned to their homeport in december 2024.
					      "i am incredibly proud of the exemplary work this team has invested in themselves and their equipment over the past few months,” said cmdr. rich ray, commanding officer, o’kane. “we are proud of the work we accomplished this deployment, and we are looking forward to continuing that success into the next challenge.”
					      following the departure of the uss abraham lincoln (cvn 72) and the arleigh burke-class guided-class missile destroyers uss frank e. petersen, jr. (ddg 121), uss michael murphy (ddg 112) and uss spruance (ddg 111) from u.s. 5th fleet, o’kane and the uss stockdale (ddg 106) remained in the u.s. central command (uscentcom) area of responsibility to support global maritime security operations.
					      o’kane and stockdale successfully escorted u.s. flagged and crewed merchant vessels in the gulf of aden. during the escort, the destroyers worked alongside other u.s. central command forces in successfully repelling multiple iranian-backed houthi attacks during transits of the bab el-mandeb strait. during the transit, the destroyers were attacked by one-way attack un-crewed aerial systems, anti-ship ballistic missiles and anti-ship cruise missiles which were successfully engaged and defeated. the vessels were not damaged, and no personnel were hurt. the ships were well prepared, supported, and the well-trained sailors successfully defended the ship.
					      throughout deployment, o’kane successfully completed 75 flight quarters, including 84 rotary-wing landings, 26 rotary-wing refueling evolutions, and nine vertical replenishments. in addition, o’kane conducted 24 replenishments-at-sea, and 22 mooring evolutions.
					      additionally, o’kane visited karachi, pakistan to promote the diplomatic relationship between the united states and pakistan. following the port visit, o’kane conducted a maritime exercise to build interoperability with the pakistan navy.
					      abecsg initially deployed to the indo-pacific region to support regional security and stability, and to reassure our allies and partners of the u.s. navy’s unwavering commitment, highlighted by the first-ever u.s.-italy multi-large deck event with the italian navy’s its cavour carrier strike group held in the indo-pacific on aug. 9, 2024.
					      the strike group was ordered to the uscentcom area of responsibility to bolster u.s. military force posture in the middle east, deter regional escalation, degrade houthi capabilities, defend u.s. forces, and again sailed alongside our italian allies and other partners to promote security, stability and prosperity. assigned destroyers of the abecsg, to include o’kane, were essential to providing a layer of defense to u.s. forces and ensure the safe passage of commercial vessels and partner nations transiting in international waterways like the red sea, bab el-mandeb strait and the gulf of aden.
					      as an integral part of u.s. pacific fleet, commander, u.s. 3rd fleet operates naval forces in the indo-pacific and provides the realistic and relevant training to ensure the readiness necessary to execute the u.s. navy’s timeless role across the full spectrum of military operations. u.s. 3rd fleet works together with our allies and partners to advance freedom of navigation, the rule of law, and other principles that underpin security for the indo-pacific region.					    
nimitz sailors participate in small arms gun shoot


sailors participate in a small arms gun shoot aboard the aircraft carrier uss nimitz (cvn 68) in the pacific ocean, feb. 1, 2025. nimitz is underway in u.s. 3rd fleet conducting routine training operations. u.s. navy photos: above by mc3 tehya delgardio-lawrence; below by mcsn japeth carter





navy to issue dd-214-1 to reservists separating feb. 1 or later
by lt.cmdr. john stevens
					      millington, tenn. – the navy is improving how it takes care of its reserve force as it implements the dd form 214-1, an official summary record of career points and service for those leaving the reserve component.
					      the navy will start issuing the certificate of uniformed service (reserve component addendum) feb. 1 for reservists separating, retiring, or transitioning into the individual ready reserve or standby reserve.
  “taking care of our teammates means setting them up for success in the next chapter after military service,” said rear adm. stu satterwhite, commander, mynavy career center (mncc). “having everything on one convenient form will help ensure reservists receive the entitlements they deserve after they leave the navy.”
					      the new form will document total career points, total active and inactive service, and non-regular retirement (nrr) calculations. it will provide a detailed list of activations, noting whether each qualifies for nrr eligibility age reduction, allowing reservists with enough active service to retire with pay sooner than age 60.
					      contact mncc at (833) 330-mncc (6622) or askmncc@navy.mil. find online self-service options on mynavy portal at my.navy.mil.
more funds for navy unit recreation 
by destiny sibert, cnic public affairs
					      washington -- commander, navy installations command (cnic) has raised the annual unit recreation fund allocation for shore commands from $10 to $25 per active-duty sailor. this marks the first increase in over 20 years. “we listened to feedback from commanders that it was time to adjust the funding to better align with inflation and current costs,” said lisa sexauer, director of cnic’s fleet readiness division, which oversees navy morale, welfare & readiness. “by raising the unit recreation funds, we’re giving commanding officers more flexibility to address the immediate needs of their sailors and enhance morale, unit culture, cohesion, and camaraderie.” the increased funding applies to navy regions, installations, and tenant commands assigned to navy installations for more than 30 days. mobile units are eligible for funding only during the periods aboard the installation. this increase does not apply to shipboard afloat commands, as their recreation funds are managed under separate policies. unit recreation funds can be used for command-sanctioned events, recreation equipment, team-building activities, and special training. the funds may also be spent on emblematic items, recognition awards, and materials for advancement, award, and reenlistment ceremonies. all expenditures must comply with cnic instruction 1710.3 ch-1.
secretary of defense hegseth’s message to the force
					      it is the privilege of a lifetime to lead the warriors of the department of defense, under the leadership of our commander in chief donald j. trump. we will put america first, and we will never back down.
					      the president gave us a clear mission: achieve peace through strength. we will do this in three ways — by restoring the warrior ethos, rebuilding our military, and reestablishing deterrence.
					      o we will revive the warrior ethos and restore trust in our military. we are american warriors. we will defend our country. our standards will be high, uncompromising, and clear. the strength of our military is our unity and our shared purpose.
					      o we will rebuild our military by matching threats to capabilities. this means reviving our defense industrial base, reforming our acquisition process, passing a financial audit, and rapidly fielding emerging technologies. we will remain the strongest and most lethal force in the world.
					      o we will reestablish deterrence by defending our homeland — on the ground and in the sky. we will work with allies and partners to deter aggression in the indo-pacific by communist china, as well as supporting the president’s priority to end wars responsibly and reorient to key threats. we will stand by our allies — and our enemies are on notice.
					      all of this will be done with a focus on lethality, meritocracy, accountability, standards, and readiness.
					      i have committed my life to warfighters and their families. just as my fellow soldiers had my back on the battlefield, know that i will always have your back. we serve together at a dangerous time. our enemies will neither rest nor relent. and neither will we. we will stand shoulder to shoulder to meet the urgency of this moment.
					      like each of you, i love my country and swore an oath to defend the constitution. we will do that each and every day, as one team. together we will accomplish the president’s mission to deter war, and if necessary, defeat and destroy our enemies. godspeed!
pete hegseth, secretary of defense


					        air force airman 1st class alessandro panighetti, an hh-60g pave hawk helicopter crew chief with the california air national guard, watches the sunrise on the ramp at los alamitos army airfield on joint forces training base, los alamitos, calif., before traveling with the aircrew on a repositioning flight to a cal fire helitack base, jan. 11, 2025. photo by air force staff sgt. crystal housman.


				            national guard fights california wildfires, additional assets remain on standby
by matthew olay, dod news
				          soldiers and airmen from california’s army national guard and air national guard spent last weekend combating the multiple wildfires that have been wreaking destruction in los angeles county for the past week. “as the situation with the devastating california wildfires continues to evolve, [secretary of defense lloyd j. austin iii] remains closely engaged and committed to supporting the response efforts,” pentagon press secretary air force maj. gen. pat ryder told the media during a briefing jan. 13.  “the department remains committed to providing assistance and support to those affected by the wildfires,” ryder added. “and we’ll continue to work closely with our federal, state and local partners to respond to this disaster as we enter the final days of the current administration.” there are currently eight modular airborne fire fighting system-equipped c-130 hercules aircraft currently on station at channel islands air national guard station in nearby ventura county working to assist in firefighting efforts, ryder said. 
securing critical minerals vital to national security, official say
by david vergun, dod news 
					      secure sourcing of critical minerals is critical to the defense industrial base, which uses them to produce virtually every defense department system, from unmanned aerial systems and fighter jets to submarines, said adam burstein.
					      burstein, technical director for strategic and critical materials in the office of the assistant secretary of defense for industrial base policy, spoke jan. 10 at the naval war college in newport, r.i. 
					      “recent disruptions [due to] adversarial actions have underscored what we have long recognized, that it is more urgent than ever to build capability and resilience in supply chains for critical minerals,” he said. 
					      to do so, dod must address challenges. besides adversarial disruptions of critical minerals, there are other problems related to critical minerals like insufficient labor and training in the u.s. to meet defense production demand, and inadequate u.s. and allied sourcing for key materials and production, burstein said. 
					      for example, since 2020 dod has awarded more than $439 million to establish domestic rare earth element supply chains, he said. 
					      there are 17 elements on the periodic table referred to as rare earth. dod needs nearly all of them in some capacity, he noted.
					      to address this critical need, the department has embarked on a five-year rare earth investment strategy to build domestic capacity. there is only one rare earth mine currently active in the united states, he noted. 
					      partnering with allies is also key to success, he said. earlier this year, congress added the united kingdom and australia as domestic sources, in addition to canada, for purposes of the defense production act.					    

					      taking the lead: marines run toward the finish line during a 7th marine regiment infantry rifle squad competition obstacle course at marine corps air-ground combat center twentynine palms, calif., last month. 
				          u.s. marine corps photo by lance cpl. richard perezgarcia.
defense innovation board recommendations continue to advance national security efforts
by c. todd lopez, dod news
					      over the past three years, the defense innovation board has been a powerful advisory resource to advance innovation within the defense department, and to provide the secretary and deputy secretaries of defense with independent, practical, and actionable advice and recommendations about how to make use of that innovation. 
					      “the defense innovation board has played a pivotal role in driving innovation within the [defense department],” said secretary of defense lloyd j. austin iii. “over the past four years, the dib’s diverse expertise and practical recommendations have provided the department with valuable insights and actionable strategies to accelerate innovation at speed and scale, ensuring that the dod remains at the forefront of technological advancements and prepared to meet the challenges of the future.” 
					      the board originally stood up in february 2016. after a brief hiatus and subsequent reappointed in 2021, the insights and recommendations provided by the dib have continued to strengthen department efforts to scale and adopt innovative technologies and systems. 
					      since its reappointment, the dib has delivered eight significant studies with more than 150 strategic and tactical recommendations meant to breach innovation barriers and furnish state-of-the-art capabilities to the warfighter more quickly and at scale. 
army considers microreactors to increase installation readiness and resilience
					      washington – the u.s. army is engaging with the advanced nuclear energy industry to explore potentially siting a microreactor on one or more army installations by 2030, in furtherance of the army’s commitment to installation resilience and mission readiness.
					      “when it comes to installation energy resilience and reliable power to support operational and strategic readiness on installations, we can’t leave anything off the table,” said rachel jacobson, assistant secretary of the army for installations, energy and environment. “we are actively developing a solution set that includes all types of power that will meet those needs; nuclear is one that we are looking at as part of our deliberate and thoughtful planning.”
					      advanced nuclear power is one solution under consideration as part of a deliberate and thoughtful planning process aimed at ensuring reliable energy access for critical military missions.
					      the army is dedicated to developing a comprehensive set of energy solutions, including nuclear, to meet its future needs. this initiative is part of a broader effort to enhance mission assurance, readiness and power-projection capabilities through a forward-leaning energy enterprise that leverages next-generation technologies.
					      the army has partnered with the defense innovation unit, interagency partners and utility providers to evaluate environmental, economic and safety factors that are crucial for determining reactor placement and operation.
first air force warrant officers graduate, prepare to enter force
by staff sgt. emmeline james
					      arlington, va. (afns) --  the first 30 air force warrant officers graduated from the u.s. air force warrant officer training school on dec. 6, 2024, since the service reintroduced the corps earlier this year.
					      the reinstatement of air force warrant officers aims to address critical operational needs faced by the force today while maintaining and leveraging the unique expertise and capabilities of warrant officers as a strategic advantage during an era of great power competition.
					      “this class has come to an important milestone but the task they have before them, is even more important,” said secretary of the air force frank kendall. “and as going on into the air force and establishing the value that [warrant officers] bring to our service, and i am absolutely confident that you're going to go do that ... you're ready to go do that, the school has prepared you well, there's going to be others behind you, but you're going to be the first.”
					      historically, warrant officers served as technical experts and advisors but were phased out in 1959 as enlisted personnel and commissioned officers absorbed many of their duties. these reinstated warrant officers will support operations in specialized domains such as cyber, intelligence, and space.
					      the graduates completed an eight-week training program that covered leadership development, advanced technical skills, operational integration, and mentorship. the curriculum included coursework specific to their technical fields, such as cyber operations, intelligence analysis, and space mission planning, as well as general training in problem-solving and strategic planning.
					      warrant officers are expected to bridge the gap between enlisted personnel and commissioned officers. they will mentor enlisted members, assist in implementing commanders’ directives, and contribute to mission success in increasingly specialized and complex operational environments.
					      



					        rudder's arrival -- navy rear adm. michael wosje, left, commander of carrier strike group 1, and capt. matthew thomas, commanding officer of the uss carl vinson, welcome rudder, a mental health facility dog, aboard the ship in the philippine sea, dec. 18, 2024. u.s. navy photo by mc3 nate jordan 


enforcement of new 'daylighting' law begins jan. 1 in city of san diego 
state law aims to protect pedestrians in intersections  
					      san diego – new laws are in effect in the city of san diego. one that all drivers need to be aware of is the statewide "daylighting" law, which is meant to protect people crossing intersections by prohibiting parking within 20 feet of the corner, creating more visibility and improving safety. 
					      this law, passed by the california state legislature as assembly bill 413, pertains to all intersections throughout the city of san diego and the state. as of jan. 1, 2025, vehicle parking will not be allowed within 20 feet of any marked or unmarked crosswalk. this rule applies whether or not there is a red curb or no parking signage at the intersection. 
					      the purpose is to improve the range of vision of approaching drivers, so they are more likely to see pedestrians, skateboarders and others in the intersection – thereby increasing the daylight and visibility for all. 
					      san diego police will be handing out warnings to violators of the law for the first 60 days. beginning march 1, 2025, motorists who park within 20 feet of any crosswalk, marked or unmarked, may be cited. tickets will cost $65, plus a state-mandated administrative fee of $12.50, for a total of $77.50. this is also the current fine for parking at a red curb in san diego


u.s. navy statements on passing of president jimmy carter
washington - secretary of the navy carlos del toro and chief of naval operations adm. lisa franchetti released statements on the death of president and navy veteran james earl ‘jimmy’ carter jr. who died dec. 29 at age 100. 
statement by secretary of the navy, carlos del toro:
					      “on behalf of our sailors, marines, and department of the navy civilians, i express my deepest condolences to the carter family for the loss of a respected public servant, committed family man and devoted american.
					      president carter will always be remembered for his dedication to the greater good, from his early days in the u.s. navy, to his terms in office as the 76th governor of georgia and 39th president of the united states, to his continued philanthropy and volunteer activities.
					      in october, i announced that the future virginia-class submarine (ssn-813) will be named uss atlanta during a ceremony at the jimmy carter presidential library and museum. his legacy lives on through seawolf-class submarine uss jimmy carter (ssn 23), the jimmy carter library and museum in atlanta, and his countless incentives focused on improving the quality of life for people across the globe. his legacy will also shine where his naval career started in annapolis, where i had the privilege of renaming an academic building at the united states naval academy in honor of president carter.
					      president carter's servant leadership and enduring commitment to the well-being of others will continue to inspire me and others around the world.
					      my wife betty and i extend our deepest condolences to their children amy, jack, donnel and james; their grandchildren and great-grandchildren; and the entire carter family during this time of grieving.”
statement by chief of naval operations, adm. lisa franchetti: 
					      “today we mourn the loss of a shipmate as we celebrate and honor the life and memory of an exemplary public servant and patriot, president jimmy carter, who earned our admiration with his courage and won our hearts with his compassion.
					      from humble beginnings on a peanut farm in georgia, he began his adult life in the navy, entering the naval academy during world war ii. he said that his naval service prepared him for the rest of his life, instilling courage, self-sacrifice, idealism, and self-discipline which would combine to form his moral core. throughout his life, he was guided by his unshakeable conviction that, “an individual is not swept along on a tide of inevitability but can influence even the greatest human events.” 
					      his legacy and beliefs are imbued in the sailors that set sail aboard the uss jimmy carter and walk the halls of the newly renamed carter hall at the united states naval academy.
					      president carter’s life of service will continue to be an example for us and help us navigate our course. his work is finished, but the u.s. navy's work continues. president carter, we have the watch.”
					      president jimmy carter served as the 39th president of the united states from 1977-1981. he graduated from the united states naval academy in 1946 and served as a submariner from 1946-1953 when he left active duty service as a lieutenant and continued his service as a reservist until 1961. the seawolf-class submarine uss jimmy carter (ssn 23) and the newly renamed carter hall are named after him.
for more information about president carter’s life and service in the navy, please see the below links: 
					      president carter’s navy career
					      1.       dvids: 
					      2.       youtube: https://www.youtube.com.mcas-gov.us/watch?v=unbgd4iyswy
naval history and heritage command (nhhc) biography and photos:
					      1.       https://www.history.navy.mil/research/histories/biographies-list/bios-c/carter-james-e.html
					      2.       https://www.history.navy.mil/browse-by-topic/people/presidents/carter.html


viano air base, italy, dec. 2, 2024 -- military working dog rryker looks at the camera for a photo, after a k9 demo at aviano air base, italy, dec. 2, 2024. military working dogs help protect airmen by detecting drugs, deterring hostile actions, locating bombs and assisting local law enforcement in keeping the public safe. u.s. air force photo by airman 1st class zachary jakel.					    
additional reimbursement authorized for pet transportation from countries with higher rabies risk
defense travel management office
					      washington (afns) --  starting nov. 25, service members performing a permanent change of station move from certain high-risk countries may be approved reimbursement up to $4,000.
					      in january, the defense department authorized the reimbursement of pet relocation expenses for a single household pet (a cat or a dog), such as transportation and quarantine fees, during a pcs move, up to $550 within the continental u.s. and up to $2,000 to or from a location outside the continental u.s.
					      in august, the centers for disease control and prevention implemented a regulation requiring a higher level of screening for dogs returning to the u.s. from certain countries that pose a high risk for dog rabies and significantly reduced the number of ports of entry for dogs from those countries.
					      in response to the new cdc regulation, the department has updated the joint travel regulations to accommodate service members transporting a dog during a pcs move from a high-risk country. effective nov. 25, service members on a pcs move from one of the high-risk countries (listed in jtr supplement locations authorized to exceed $2,000 pet allowance limitation) may receive reimbursement up to $4,000 when both patriot express capacity and regularly scheduled commercial airline service are not available for pets. the reimbursement of pet transportation expenses over $2,000 must be approved through the secretarial process.
					      for more information, see frequently asked questions related to pet transportation.

					      u.s. marines from marine corps installations west stand shoulder to shoulder before executing operation clean sweep at marine corps base camp pendleton, calif., oct. 21, 2024. operation clean sweep is a joint initiative between marine corps installations west and i marine expeditionary force at marine corps base camp pendleton to improve living conditions for marines and sailors. u.s. marine corps photo by lance cpl. jeslianne a. torres.

camp pendleton marines and sailors improve barracks conditions
by staff sgt. jennifer andrade,
					        i marine expeditionary force
					      marine corps base camp pendleton, calif., nov. 22, 2024 – u.s. marines and sailors aboard marine corps base camp pendleton successfully completed the first iteration of operation clean sweep, a deliberate maintenance stand-down that addressed the backlog of barracks maintenance requests through self-help projects and a surge of contracted labor, from oct. 16-30, 2024.
					      to provide unit oversight of barracks procedures and maintenance, 120 barracks buildings and more than 12,000 rooms were formally assigned to commanding officers across camp pendleton before the operation began. i marine expeditionary force and marine corps installations west marine corps base camp pendleton personnel then completed more than 4,500 self-help projects during the 15-day stand-down to revitalize barracks negatively affected by deferred maintenance.
					      working side-by-side, officers, staff non-commissioned officers and junior marines repaired dry-wall, painted walls, repaired and replaced window screens, and conducted grounds maintenance – not only improving living conditions but enhancing camaraderie and esprit de corps.
  “the success of this operation is a testament to the dedication and teamwork of our marines and sailors at all ranks,” said lt. col. robert hillery, i mef g-4 operations officer. “the all-hands effort to tackle the maintenance backlog and the bottom-up feedback provided by our junior marines to shape the operation and its future iterations was a powerful reminder of our shared mission and values.”
					      during this first iteration of operation clean sweep, mci-west public works department deployed six task-organized direct maintenance teams to address work orders citing plumbing, electrical, hvac, and carpentry issues. the dmts successfully completed more than 2,000 work orders, to include repairing or replacing more than 390 washers and dryers. additionally, more than 6,000 air conditioners were purchased for barracks rooms which are anticipated to arrive in time to combat rising summer temperatures in southern california.
					      tackling the maintenance backlog as a navy-marine corps team, u.s. navy seabees with construction battalion maintenance unit 303, naval construction group 1, supported projects across the base. by empowering marines and sailors with valuable knowledge in the completion of self-help projects, the seabees ensured the success of enduring maintenance efforts that aim to provide our marines and sailors the high standard of living that they deserve.
  "the barracks aren’t a junior marine problem, they’re an everybody problem. between the direct maintenance teams from public works, our planners and engineers, the seabees, and the marines of all types, everyone rolled up their sleeves and got after it,” said cmdr. stephen ramsey, mci-west public works officer. “the teamwork was infectious, there was a powerful sense of common purpose just like on a deployed operation."
					      over the next fiscal year, i mef and mci-west will continue investing in updated hvac, plumbing repairs, washer and dryer units, and improved furnishings to further improve quality of life and increase operational readiness across the force. additionally, marine corps community services plans to install eight additional mobile exchanges that operate 24-hours a day. while maintenance efforts are still ongoing at camp pendleton and separate iterations are planned for other west coast bases, the initial operation clean sweep has saved more than 3 million dollars in contract labor costs and successfully returned 446 previously unoccupiable barracks rooms to acceptable habitability standards.
					      operation clean sweep is the first step in a larger i mef and mci-west barracks 360 reset initiative, which aims to improve the living conditions and operational readiness of marines and sailors through increased oversight by command teams, a dedicated effort to reduce the maintenance backlog and shared ownership of the barracks. 
					      

carrier uss george washington forward deploys to yokosuka
by ensign kenadall hill
					      yokosuka, japan -- the nimitz-class aircraft carrier uss george washington (cvn 73) returned to commander, fleet activities yokosuka, japan as the united states’ only forward-deployed aircraft carrier, nov. 22.
					      this marks the second time george washington has served as the forward-deployed naval forces-japan (fdnf-j) aircraft carrier. in 2008, it became the first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to be forward-deployed to japan before being relieved by uss ronald reagan (cvn 76) in 2015.
“a us carrier represents the most advanced maritime capability we have, and it's the most advanced investment we can make in the security of japan and of the western pacific,” said vice adm. fred kacher, commander, u.s. 7th fleet. “the george washington returns with modernized, cutting-edge technology that represents our investment in deterrence and security in this region.”
during george washington’s transit from norfolk, virginia to japan, the crew completed exercise southern seas in u.s. 4th fleet and a seven-week transit from san diego.
“arriving here in yokosuka has been a milestone for this crew for many months, and for some the journey started in april when we departed from virginia,” said capt. tim waits, commanding officer of george washington. “i could not be more proud of this team. not only have we arrived safely and on time, but from day one of deployment we have met every goal, exceeded all expectations, and were ready for tasking the day we arrived in the 7th fleet area of operations.”
					      george washington, with embarked carrier air wing (cvw) 5, recently participated in the multi-domain exercise freedom edge with the japan maritime self-defense force and republic of korea navy in the east china sea. u.s. participation included strike fighter squadron (vfa) 147, the first f-35c lightning ii squadron to join fdnf-j, adding fifth generation strike fighter jets to the roster of forward-deployed carrier-based aircraft in the indo-pacific region.					      
secnav announces service life extensions for 12 destroyers to 'keep more ready players on the field'
					      washington – secretary of the navy carlos del toro announced on october 31 that the department of the navy plans to operate 12 arleigh burke class (ddg 51) flight i destroyers beyond their 35-year expected service life.
					      the decision, based upon a hull-by-hull evaluation of ship material condition, combat capability, technical feasibility and lifecycle maintenance requirements, will result in an additional 48 ship-years of cumulative ship service life in the 2028 to 2035 timeframe.  the navy has proposed ddg service life extension funding in the fy26 budget request, and will update the shipbuilding plan accordingly. 
					      “extending these highly-capable, well-maintained destroyers will further bolster our numbers as new construction warships join the fleet,” said secretary del toro.  “it also speaks to their enduring role in projecting power globally, and most recently in the red sea, their proven ability to defend themselves, as well as our allies, partners and friends from missile and drone attacks.”
					      at the secretary’s request, the navy conducted a thorough evaluation of each ddg-51 flight i ship (ddg 51-71) over the past ten months, and determined the 12 destroyers could and should remain operational beyond their expected service life. the final determination of each ship’s service life is based on maximizing the service life of each ship before it required another extensive and costly docking availability. 
					      the service life extensions meet the intent of chief of naval operations adm. lisa franchetti and the cno’s navplan which directs the navy to “get more ready players on the field.”
					      “today’s budget constrained environment requires the navy to make prioritized investments to keep more ready players on the field,” said adm. franchetti.  “the navy is actively pulling the right levers to maintain and grow its battle force inventory to support the united states’s global interests in peace and to win decisively in conflict.”
					      the arleigh burke class destroyer is critical to the navy’s mission and has proven itself most capable in contested environments, like the red sea.
					      

 dod lays out plan to implement national defense industrial strategy
					      october 29, 2024--in january the defense department released the national defense industrial strategy, a first-of-its kind roadmap detailing priorities for how the department would strengthen the defense industrial base — the collection of private sector companies of all sizes responsible for building military hardware and weapons systems. read more....  
with industry help, dod strives to be leader in microchip research, production
by david vergun
					        microchips enable virtually every military system, from ships, planes, tanks, long-range munitions, radar and communication gear to night vision, satellites, sensors — making them vital to the defense department.
					        deputy secretary of defense kathleen hicks spoke oct. 29, to industrial, government and academic leaders at the 2024 microelectronics commons annual meeting in washington. 
"every day, from the indo-pacific to the north atlantic to the middle east and beyond — from the ocean floor to outer space to cyberspace — as american warfighters stand the watch, they depend on chips to help them defend our country, our allies and partners, and our interests," hicks said. read more... 


navy’s 70+ acre old town campus revitalization moves forward
						  san diego — the u.s. navy’s proposal to revitalize the 70.3-acre naval base point loma old town campus to provide new facilities for naval information warfare systems command (navwar) continues to move forward. the navy is working closely with selected developer manchester financial group/edgemoor infrastructure & real estate (manchester/edgemoor) to potentially revitalize the navy’s old town campus in san diego, california. read more.... 
prepare for va’s secure sign-in changes in 2025
					      va is committed to making it as easy as possible for veterans to manage their benefits and health care online while protecting their identities and data. 
					      as part of this commitment, and in an effort to streamline veterans’ sign-in options, va will transition to two modern, secure, sign-in options in 2025: a login.gov or id.me account.
					      after this transition, veterans, beneficiaries and caregivers looking to access va’s online services (va.gov, the va: health and benefits mobile app, and other va online services) will need to sign in with either a login.gov or id.me account. 
					      veterans and other beneficiaries will no longer be able to use usernames and passwords for my healthevet after jan. 31, 2025, or ds logon after sept. 30, 2025.
					      va will provide information and support throughout this transition. veterans can begin this transition now by visiting www.va.gov/sign-in-changes to learn how to create a verified login.gov or id.me account. 
					      the process takes about 10 minutes. importantly, veterans who do not transition before these deadlines will be able to resume accessing their data, benefits and services online as soon as they create a login.gov or id.me account.
					      this transition only impacts account-based online services. many va webpages are accessible without signing in—such as finding information about va locations, downloading va forms, learning more about the pact act, how to file claims, and more.
					        

u.s. to expands control of land sales to foreigners near 56 additional military sites
					      u.s. committee on foreign investment in the united states, or cfius, is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the united states and certain real estate transactions by foreign persons, in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the u.s. read more....
					        


navy relaxes career-ending mandate for sailors who fail two consecutive fitness tests
by caitlyn burchett, stars and stripes
					      the navy will no longer automatically end the careers of sailors who fail two consecutive fitness tests, according to a service policy released last week.
					      previously, sailors who failed one physical fitness assessment would be placed in their command’s mandatory fitness program. they also would be restricted from advancing until they passed the next fitness test. a second consecutive failure would prohibit sailors from advancing or reenlisting, according to a prior policy.
					      the new policy, which became effective june 18, relaxes the career-ending mandate, instead leaving the decision to a sailor’s commanding officer.
					      “commanding officers are able to evaluate a sailor’s physical readiness progress or lack of progress in performance evaluations, giving them the ability to manage risk, recognize earnest effort, and best take care of their people,” vice adm. rick cheeseman, chief of naval personnel, said in the administrative message.
					      while sailors will still be ineligible for advancement if they fail a fitness assessment, the failure will no longer be noted on annual evaluations.

usmc requiring more notice from retiring marines
					      a recent marine corps administrative message changes the notice marines are required to give when they want to retire from 4 months to 6 months. effective immediately, marines must submit their requests for retirement not more than 18 months and not less than six months before the day they would like to retire. previously, they had to submit their requests not more than 14 months and not less than four months out, according to the separation and retirement manual. 
					      the new time limits also apply to marines who resign from the corps.

all-domain anomaly resolution office
					      dod report discounts sightings of et technology
					      by c. todd lopez, dod news
					      the defense department’s all-domain anomaly resolution office released a report in march detailing its review of nearly 80 years of reports on government offices and special access programs related to unidentified anomalous phenomena, or uap—a new term for what was once referred to as unidentified flying objects. 
					      “aaro has found no verifiable evidence that any uap sighting has represented extraterrestrial activity,” said aaro acting director tim phillips during a wednesday briefing at the pentagon. “aaro has found no verifiable evidence that the u.s. government or private industry has ever had access to extraterrestrial technology. aaro has found no indications that any information was illegally or inappropriately withheld from congress.” 
					      the 63-page “report on the historical record of u.s. government involvement with unidentified anomalous phenomena” provides conclusions drawn following an examination of historical documents and conclusions drawn by u.s. government programs that did work related to uap dating back to 1945. 
					      aaro’s work also involved investigating claims that there were secret or hidden u.s. government programs related to uap that might not have been reported to congress. the aaro team looked into those claims to verify if such programs actually existed. 
					      “aaro assesses that alleged, hidden uap programs either do not exist or were misidentified, authentic national security programs unrelated to extraterrestrial technology exploitation,” phillips said. “we assess that claims of such programs are largely the result of circular reporting in which a small group of individuals have repeated inaccurate claims they have heard from others over a period of several decades. 
					      also, part of the report were assessments of claims made by about 30 individuals aaro interviewed, including former and current u.s. government employees who were allegedly involved in such programs or heard stories about those programs and subsequently misinterpreted what they saw or heard.
					      “aaro, as designed by congress, had unprecedented access to classified programs,” phillips said. “nobody blocked where we could go or the questions we asked. nobody in the government influenced the findings in the report. as a career intelligence officer, i am just amazed at the access we had to some of our nation’s most sensitive programs. nobody said, ‘no.’” 
					      lawmakers directed aaro to produce the report as part of the fiscal year 2023 national defense authorization act. today’s report is the first volume of aaro’s findings and covers a period from 1945 through october 2023. a second volume, which will be released later this year, will cover findings from interviews and research completed between november 2023 and april 2024.
					      

retired officers, enlisted members can rejoin active duty to offset personnel shortfalls
secretary of the air force public affairs
					        arlington, va. - the secretary of the air force has reimplemented the voluntary retired return to active duty program in an effort to leverage the talents of our highly trained and experienced officer and enlisted military retirees to help minimize the service’s critical manning shortages. application window opened feb. 8.
					      applications must be submitted by jan. 31, 2026, and the program allows up to 1,000 retired officer or enlisted personnel to active duty at any given time. additionally, under this vrrad program, the period of active duty service is limited to no more than 48 months. personnel will only fill vacant active duty authorizations. retired applicants selected for extended active duty can expect to return to active duty anywhere from 4 to 6 months from their date of application.
					      information about the voluntary retired return to active duty program, to include detailed official program guidance, eligibility criteria and application requirements, can be found here.


for service members, access to mental health care streamlined under brandon act
jan. 22, 2024 | by c. todd lopez
					        last year, the undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness signed policy implementing within the defense department and across the military services the requirements laid out under the brandon act.  
					        within the dod and military services, the brandon act allows service members to request a mental health evaluation just by making the request to their supervisor.  read more....





san diego humane society can help you protect your pet
					        having a missing pet can be one of the most stressful experiences for   a pet owner, but there are steps you can take now to help your pet find   their way home should they ever become lost. our campus vaccine clinics   offer microchips for just $25, providing permanent protection for the   entirety of your pet’s life. along with a collar and id tag, and a   license for dogs, microchips provide peace of mind and can bring lost   pets home without ever needing to enter a shelter. new microchip   appointments open each week for our campuses in el cajon, escondido,   oceanside and san diego					    




flame fighters: u.s. air force airman 1st class kyle datu and staff sgt. matt trevizo, 99th civil engineering squadron fire protection specialists, extinguish a fire during an aircraft live fire training exercise at nellis air force base, nevada, oct. 12, 2023. propane ignitors are built in multiple positions throughout and around the training fuselage providing firefighters with a more realistic training environment. u.s. air force photo by senior airman zachary rufus


read us on line with a fresh issue weekly, find us in print on base and in the community twice a month! 
great news for trees! with prices ever increasing, and more readers getting their news on line, we are switching our print issues to twice a month and staying online with weekly issues. we will have fresh print issues out on the 1st and 16th of each month. we will be posting new issues weekly on line in our downloadable pdf format right here at www.afdispatch.com (see weekly links on the right side below the ads or current issue link at top of left column) and we are also viewable for the page turners on issuu.com/armedforcesdispatchnewspaper (click link under the rolled up newspaper at the top right of this page). its a win-win -- saving money, saving trees, reducing our carbon footprint, while serving our readers the news they want and helping our advertisers reach the military market. thank you to our advertisers who support our military readers! we're still kicking it in our 63rd year in san diego thanks to you!


service members get extended parental leave
by david vergun , dod news
					      the defense department issued a new policy to provide 12 weeks of paid, non-chargeable parental leave to service members who have a child through birth, adoption or a long-term foster care placement of at least 24 months.
					      these 12 weeks of parental leave, which became effective dec. 27, come in addition to authorized convalescent leave for service members who give birth.					      read more....  


vietnam war 50th 
                              commemoration observed through
                              veterans day, nov. 11, 2025 
vietnam veterans day: march 29th



					        the vietnam war 50th commemoration celebration is march 29, and is the nation’s opportunity to celebrate the veterans’ and families’ service and sacrifice.
					        we honor all who served on active duty and their families at any time between nov. 1, 1955 - may 15, 1975, regardless of duty location.
					        vietnam veterans represented nearly 10 percent of their generation. they fought under challenging conditions, and when their service ended, were not always welcomed when they returned home. 
					        president obama highlighted that one of our country’s most painful times was vietnam and how we treated our service members who served there. 
“you were often blamed for a war you didn’t start when you should have been commended for serving your country with valor,” he said. “you came home and sometimes were denigrated when you should have been celebrated.”
the department of veterans affairs estimates that more than 6 million u.s. vietnam veterans live in america and abroad today, along with 9 million family members of those who served during this timeframe.
the u.s. vietnam war commemoration was authorized by congress, established under the secretary of defense and launched by president obama in 2012.
by presidential proclamation, the vietnam war commemoration will continue through veterans day, november 11, 2025. 
in 2012, then-president obama signed a presidential proclamation, designating march 29 as the annual observance of vietnam war veterans day. the signing of the proclamation marked the 50th anniversary of the departure of the last american troops from vietnam - march 29, 1973.
the vietnam war veterans recognition act of 2017 was signed into law by president trump, designating every march 29 as national vietnam war veterans day.
you’re invited to you to thank and honor vietnam veterans and their families for their service and sacrifice. since its inception, the commemoration publicly thanked more than 3 million vietnam veterans at over 21,000 ceremonies.the united states of america vietnam war commemoration continues through veterans day, nov. 11, 2025. 
lapel pins will bepresented  to vietnam veterans at many locations across america.

living u.s. veterans who served on active duty in the u.s. armed forces at any time during the period from november 1, 1955 to may 15, 1975, regardless of location, are eligible to receive a lapel pin. vietnam veterans who cannot attend an event can receive a lapel pin by providing us a current mailing address.

navy, california move forward on ev pilot programs
by brian o’rourke, 
					                                    navy region southwest
					      san diego - the california energy commission recently approved nearly $2 million for electrification programs at navy and marine corps installations in california.
					      at their business meeting jan. 25, the cec approved funding for the navy electric vehicle pilot program ($414,000) and the electrification blueprint studies ($1,500,000) for three navy and three marine corps installations. this is the first execution of projects that the navy began working on with the cec following a memorandum of understanding signing in december 2021.
“we’re excited to be moving forward with these critical energy projects at navy bases throughout the southwest,” said rear adm. brad rosen, commander of navy region southwest. “our partnership with the california energy commission is unique to the navy, and this forward momentum can only increase the chances of similar partnerships becoming available in the future.”
					      the navy programs receiving this critical funding are:
• defense innovation unit electric vehicle pilot: the cec funds will be used to procure and install 10 level 2 and four level 3 chargers at naval base san diego for charging personal and government vehicles. the navy will measure uptime, usage, duty cycle, vehicle types, ratio of government to personal vehicles, and max charging power
• electrification blueprints: electrification blueprints will be created for three installations chosen by navy region southwest and three installations chosen by marine corps installations west: nb san diego, naval base ventura county, naval air station lemoore, marine corps base camp pendleton, marine corps air station miramar and marine corp air ground combat center 29 palms.
					      this project will develop specific transportation electrification blueprints for each selected base, to support the transportation electrification requirements of their civilian and military workforce.
					      the blueprint will provide quantitative analysis cost benefit analysis of leveraging innovative technologies in the electrification of transportation infrastructure, particularly those related to vehicle-to-grid integration (vgi) and evse to grid.
					      



uss nimitz superhornet launch 
sailors monitor the launch of an f/a-18e super hornet on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier uss nimitz in the u.s. 7th fleet area of operations.

‘military spouse licensing relief act’ signed into law
					      military spouses who hold professional licenses will find a smoother transition when transferring their professional licenses during moves across state lines under a newly enacted federal law. 
					      the new law requires states to recognize service members and spouses’ valid professional licenses from other states for any job if they moved because of military orders. this law does not include law licenses.
					      representative mike garcia spoke on the floor of the u.s. house of representatives in late december in support of his bill, the military spouse licensing relief act. this bill was included in h.r. 7939 (veterans auto and education improvement act of 2022), which passed the u.s. house and senate, and was signed into law by president biden january, 5, 2023.
					      during his speech, congressman garcia made the following statement:
“in the midst of one of the most challenging times for our military in terms of recruitment and retention, what this bill does is allow military spouses to cross-deck their professional licenses -- if they’re a realtor, a nurse, a teacher, a beautician, a cosmetologist, whatever their profession is – across state lines,” said garcia. “this bipartisan bill above all things would ease the burden for our military families. this is a win for our military families, for our national security, for our local communities who are in desperate need of these professionals, and even for our government who now enjoys the tax revenue from these dual-income families. and hopefully this translates into better recruitment and retention for our military.”
					      currently, 34 percent of military spouses require a professional license for their line of employment. while military spouse unemployment hovers over 20% (over five times above the national average), this legislation is critical to assisting our military families and spouses who make countless sacrifices to support their servicemember family members.
					      



miramar veterinary clinic offers services for your pets by appointment only 
                        veterinary treatment facility
                        mcas miramar building 6360
                        hours: mon.-fri.: 7 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. (858) 307-6552/1773
                        open for retail sales (flea and heartworm prevention, oral care) and drug/food prescription refills (if applicable) daily. routine wellness checkups and vaccinations available, as well as minor sick call. appointments can be made in person or by phone. walk-ins aren’t accepted. dogs and cats of all active duty military members and retirees with medical benefits are eligible to be seen at the facility. the facility always recommends that patrons of the clinic keep their own civilian veterinarian in case of emergency, or if the facility is unable to fulfill their needs.



camp pendleton takes big steps toward wildlife preservation  
by lance cpl. nataly espitia , camp pendleton
                        camp pendleton honors, protects, and conserves the earth every day of the year. plenty of land and resources go into the conservation and care for wildlife aboard the installation.						  read more.... 



resources for struggling veterans 
veterans from all eras are reacting to the events around the world,  and may question the meaning of their service or whether it was worth their sacrifice. us dept of veterans affairs in california offers the following information. read more...









united through reading®
service members invited to record stories for family
                            united through reading® (utr) is a free program helping ease the stress of separation for military and veteran families by having the service members or veteran read children’s books aloud for their family to watch at home during times of physical separation. it is available for any type of separation, including but not limited to, deployment, training, geobaching, or shift work. 
                        utr provides service members and veterans a chance to make lasting connections from afar through the power of shared storytime. the recording and the book are given to the child and family at home at no cost.
                        being a parent is not required; service members can send the recording & book(s) to any special child in their life such as younger sister or brother, niece, nephew, grandchild, or godchild.
                        the recording can be made via utr’s free and secure utr app, at one of utr’s story stations, or at the mobile story station at a community event. for more information visit unitedthroughreading.org or e-mail military@utr.org 



 















 



archive papers
2025
 dispatch 021625
 dispatch 020825
 dispatch 020125
 dispatch 012325
 dispatch 011625
 dispatch 010825
 dispatch 010125
 dispatch 121624
 dispatch 120824
 dispatch 112324
 dispatch 111624
 dispatch 110824
 dispatch 110124
 dispatch 102324
 dispatch 101624
 dispatch 100824
 dispatch 100124
 dispatch 092324
 dispatch 090124
 dispatch 091624
 dispatch 090824
 dispatch 090124
 dispatch 082324
 dispatch 081624
 dispatch 080824
 dispatch 080124
 dispatch 072324
 dispatch 071624
 dispatch 070824
 dispatch 070124
 dispatch 062324
 dispatch 061624
 dispatch 060824
 dispatch 060124
 






 


 






about | contact | links

              the dispatch is published by western states weeklies, inc.
                  2604 el camino real b-280, carlsbad, ca 92008 | 619.280-2985 






 





html>   





html>/body>


html>/body>


html>/body>


html>