















self storage units for rent from safeguard self storage


































































 











 

















1                            
how much space do you need? size guide





find storage









storage by state
connecticutfloridaillinoisnew jerseynew yorkpennsylvania 

storage by type
business storagehousehold storagemilitary & veteran storagepharmaceutical storagereal estate storagestudent storage 


need help? call toll free

(877) 215-5819






measure and move









move
storage tipsmoving checklistmoving tipspacking tipsfaq 

measure
size guide 


need help? call toll free

(877) 215-5819






about us








who we are
the safeguard storydevelopments & acquisitionscareers 

need help? call toll free

(877) 215-5819






my account


blog


contact us



need help? call toll free

(877) 215-5819








need help? call toll free


 (877) 215-5819 










up to 50% off!*available on marked units at select locations.
find your unit today 



show locations near you 





hear from our customers 










                this is the best storage facility in the area. the building is incredibly clean, dan & benny are extremely helpful.            













                anthony was a great help very professional, explained everything to us very detailed. he made our process to move in very comfortable            













                self guard storage is amazing and mike is a great person and awesome customer service rep thank you guys            













                my experience with as great! troy was very helpful and willing            













                very clean facility, well designed, and very cost effective for our needs.  mike was great to work with and made the process super easy.  highly recommended            













                good experience he was nice and chill and showed us the storage unit place without no problems at all and answered all of our questions            













                enali was amazing and so helpful! the units are very clean, safe and climate controlled. loved my experience here!            













                easy to sign up. facility is clean and secure. danni was very helpful and explained the process. everything was quick and convenient.            


showing our latest google reviews.testimonials provided by actual safeguard self storage customers. images are stock photography and not of the actual persons providing the testimonial.


self storage
our stores are located near your home or place of work to make it easy to access your storage unit. they are also equipped with plentiful amenities that make storing a snap.


business storage
safeguard facilities are equipped with advanced security features, including 24/7 surveillance and controlled access gates, ensuring your equipment is safe and protected. business customers can also benefit from extended access hours and month-to-month leasing options.


vehicle storage
our vehicle storage options are designed to keep your prized possessions safe and protected until your next adventure. safeguard provides an environment with protective coverings and ample space. your vehicle will be in pristine condition when you’re ready to hit the road.


rv & boat storage
when your prized vehicles need a home away from home, trust safeguard self storage to provide the perfect storage solution. whether you’re an avid camper or a boating enthusiast, our rv and boat storage options provide the perfect solution for storing your recreational vehicles during the off-season.


climate controlled storage
climate-controlled storage units provide a regulated environment, safeguarding belongings from temperature extremes and humidity fluctuations year-round.

find a locationneed assistance? our team of storage professionals are ready to help with any self storage questions you have.(877) 215-5819
safeguard facility spotlight
westchester – yonkers ludlow390 riverdale avenue yonkers, ny 10705 phone: 914-520-0080 rated 5 / 5 based on 104 reviewsview units
hillsborough – seffner1615 south kingsway road seffner, fl 33584 phone: 813-725-0388 rated 4.9 / 5 based on 344 reviewsview units
hernando – spring hill9101 county line road spring hill, fl 34608 phone: 352-247-8530 rated 5 / 5 based on 60 reviewsview units
new orleans – erato street919 erato street new orleans, la 70130 phone: 504-273-2879 rated 4.9 / 5 based on 346 reviewsview units
philadelphia – lansdowne41 south union avenue lansdowne, pa 19050 phone: 610-906-8282 rated 4.9 / 5 based on 219 reviewsview units
hawthorne66 goffle road hawthorne, nj 07506 phone: 973-883-9111 rated 4.8 / 5 based on 371 reviewsview units
chicago – hermosa4534 west north avenue chicago, il 60639 phone: 773-596-9300 rated 4.8 / 5 based on 319 reviewsview units
queens – south ozone park – jfk130-02 south conduit avenue queens, ny 11430 phone: 718-412-3922 rated 5 / 5 based on 303 reviewsview units




our facilities are designed with the amenities you need when storing your items.


free reservations 
rent online
climate-controlled units


convenient access hours 
enhanced security
month-to-month leases


variety of unit sizes
drive-in & covered loading areas
packing & moving supplies


*features vary by locationview our faq


having trouble imagining what a 5’x5′ looks like?
we’ll help you find the right size self-storage unit so you can make sure you’re getting the most for your money.

size guide









size guide






select a size 







locker unitsequivalent to half a standard walk-in closet








5' x 5'equivalent to a standard walk-in closet








7.5' x 10'equivalent to a large shed








10' x 10'equivalent to half of a standard garage and good for a one-bedroom apartment








10' x 15'equivalent to a large bedroom and good for a small house








10' x 20'equivalent to a small garage and good for a mid-size house








10' x 30'equivalent to a large garage and good for a large house








covered parkingvarying vehicle storage sizes can accommodate cars, boats, and rvs








enclosed parkingvarying vehicle storage sizes can accommodate cars, boats, and rvs in a protected, indoor environment.








uncovered parkingvarying vehicle storage sizes can accommodate cars, boats, and rvs in an open-air setting.











locker
up to 25 square feet - this compact space may seem limited, but it's ideal for minimal storage requirements. comparable to a large wardrobe or a half-size closet, it offers a snug fit for your essentials. with thoughtful organization, this unit can surprisingly accommodate a variety of items, maximizing its utility efficiently.
ideal for storing:

compact, fold-able sports equipment or musical stands
hobby kits, such as crafting supplies or fishing gear
organized boxes of office supplies, like pens, staplers, and tape
small book collections or reference materials








5' x 5'
25 square feet – it’s not a lot of space, but it’s perfect for small needs. this size unit is about the size of a small walk-in closet. it’s not a lot of room to work with, but if you work smart, you can fit a lot into this storage locker.
ideal for storing:

boxes of offseason clothing and old toys
small furniture or appliances
seasonal decor or equipment such as garden tools and camping gear
office supplies and business records and files








7.5' x 10'
75 square feet – roughly 2.5 rooms of furniture, like a one-bedroom apartment, can fit inside this unit when packed correctly.
ideal for storing:

mattress sets, dressers, and coffee table
several medium to larger boxes
seasonal decor or equipment such as garden tools, skis, and camping gear
business supplies, records, or inventory








10' x 10'
100 square feet – a mid-sized unit, and an industry standard. the furnishings from a small apartment will fit comfortably in this size storage space. living room set, dining room set, bedroom set…not a problem. make sure to put the big stuff in first, and then fill the empty spots with smaller items.
ideal for storing:

household furniture such as sofas, tables, dressers, mattress sets, and coffee or bedside tables
electronics and musical instruments
seasonal decor or equipment such as garden tools, bicycles, skis, and camping gear
office equipment such as desks, chairs, and shelves








10' x 15'
150 square feet – around the same size as an average room in a house. this is the unit for more…more bedrooms, more furniture in each room, more stuff. this size space will give you exactly what you need.
ideal for storing:

bulky household furniture such as sofas, dining tables, dressers, bedroom sets, and bookcases
major appliances such as washers, dryers, and refrigerators
outdoor equipment such as grills, bicycles, skis, and camping gear
commercial inventory and office equipment such as desks, chairs, and shelves








10' x 20'
200 square feet – the size of a one car garage. this unit is large enough to accommodate the contents of a house. furniture from the bedrooms, living room, dining room, and appliances too; everything will be very comfortable in this large size storage space.
ideal for storing:

bulky household furniture such as sectional sofas, dining tables, mattress sets, dressers, and entertainment centers
major appliances such as washers, dryers, and refrigerators
large musical instruments or equipment such as pianos and tvs
outdoor equipment such as lawnmowers, grills, bicycles, skis, and camping gear
commercial inventory and office equipment such as desks, chairs, and shelves








10' x 30'
300 square feet – this storage unit is about the size of a large garage for those seeking a major space solution. our 10x30 spaces offer enough room to fit the contents of a four- or five-bedroom home.
ideal for storing:

items that aren’t easily boxed up
large household furniture such as sectional sofas, entertainment centers, and mattress and dining sets
major appliances such as washers, dryers, and refrigerators
outdoor equipment such as lawnmowers, grills, bicycles, and canoes or small boats
commercial inventory and office equipment such as desks, chairs, and shelves








covered parking
parking spaces and covered vehicle storage for your car, boat, or rv can keep your ride from consuming valuable space in your garage, all while shielding it from the elements—like sunshine, rain, or hail. some of our covered parking units even include electricity, too.







enclosed parking
our enclosed parking units are available for vehicles only, and provide security from rain, sunshine, hail, and the added feature of private access allowing only the lessee access to the stored vehicle. talk with one of our experienced property managers for details.







uncovered parking
uncovered parking is the most available parking option at most storage facilities. this lot-type parking allows the most flexibility parking solution allowing small or oversized vehicle, boat, and rv parking.






 












contact us






* indicates required fields

this field is hidden when viewing the formfac email

name*


first



last

phone*email*

are you an existing customer?*


yes



no
my questionnamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ



if you use assistive technology (such as a braille reader, a screen reader, or tty) and the format of any material on this web site interferes with your ability to access information, please contact kurt kleindienst at 504-779-2160 (or via e-mail at kurt@safeguardit.com). users who need accessibility assistance can also contact us by phone through the federal information relay service at 504-779-2160. finally, individuals having complaints or concerns regarding the accessibility of this website should contact kurt kleindienst at 504-779-2160 (or via e-mail at kurt@safeguardit.com).






























ready to secure your space? choose a unit in a few short steps at any of our 90 locations.
find your unit today 



show locations near you 




 




have a question?

(877) 215-5819


                                or
                                contact us online
                                    







                                it’s called self storage, but 
                                you’re not alone®
                            

measure & move


size guide
storage tips
moving checklist
moving tips
packing tips
faq




about us


the safeguard story
developments & acquisitions
careers




storage by type


business storage
household storage
military & veteran storage
pharmaceutical storage
real estate storage
student storage




storage by state


connecticut
florida
illinois
new jersey
new york
pennsylvania




storage by city


addison
arlington heights
astoria
bradenton
bridgeview
bronx
brooklyn
broward
chicago
citrus park
clearwater
coconut creek
coconut grove
cortez
darien
des plaines
east rockaway
elizabeth
elmsford
garfield
hawthorne
hewlett
hillsborough
hollis
hollywood
holmdel
howard beach
jamaica
lansdowne
larchmont
largo
lombard
ludlow
lutz
lyons
massapequa
mccook
miami
miramar
mountainside
nanuet
nassau
new rochelle
new york city
ozone park
palatine
palmetto bay
philadelphia
plainview
pompano beach
queens
richmond hill
ridgewood
riverdale
seffner
seminole heights
south ozone park
spring hill
stamford
tamarac
tampa
valley stream
westchester
west haven
west hempstead
yonkers







                            it’s called self storage, but 
                            you’re not alone®
                        



























                            *offer subject to change and only available on selected units. this
                            offer applies only to the rental fee. other restrictions, taxes, and
                            fees, including an administrative fee, apply. see contract for full
                            details. promotions good for new customers only. not available on
                            transfers or additional spaces. pricing subject to change. reservation
                            or rental required to guarantee rate. actual unit sizes may vary from
                            approximate size estimate. please inspect any unit before renting.
                        


                                ©copyright 2017-2025, 
                                safeguard self storage
                            

terms and conditions
accessibility statement
privacy policy
cookie policy














this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. by continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy and our privacy policy
accept

 


