















carver, mn | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 












search







 
 
 




    government      projects      community      i want to...  


 

 

 

 






 



 














citycouncil








meetings& events










 
 














onlinepayments








citycode










 
 














forms & permits








report aconcern










 
 
 



























 







latest news







 






  
 














tuesday, february 18 – city council meetings – agendas and documents now available 


the agendas and packet for the upcoming city council meetings are now available.						read on...







february 3 city council meeting rundown 


meeting highlights and video links from the city council meetings			






now hiring - seasonal positions - public services 


come join our team at the city of carver.....						read on...







know your flood hazard 


the city of carver participates in the national flood insurance program, which makes flood insurance available to everyone in the city, even if your property is located outside the flood plain areas. here are some helpful reminders regarding floods.						read on for floodplain information







monday, february 3 – city council meetings – agendas and documents now available 


the agendas and packet for the upcoming city council meetings are now available.						read on...







january 21 city council meeting rundown 


meeting highlights and video links from the city council meetings			






community park ice rinks open today! 


the ice rinks at community park are open!						read on for details regarding the ice rinks...







carver connections - city newsletter 


check out the december issue of our newsletter!						read on...







winter weather reminders 


winter weather is approaching...here are a few reminders to help manage the seasonal conditions.						read on...







december 16 city council meeting rundown 


meeting highlights and video links from the city council meetings			






riverside park and trail closures starting november 11, 2024 


construction of the merriam junction trail project begins this month!						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 



 















 






  
 













carver city hall
po box 147
316 broadway
carver, mn 55315

phone: 952-448-5353
 






  
 


  








  





 

  
 



  
 







quick links







watch city meetings & view agendas & packets



2025 city meeting calendar



downtown historic district



new resident info



pay utility bill



water usage information



sign up for utility services (water & sewer)









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



data practices policy



[employee intranet]









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









