




welcome to science vs religion


                                                                                                                         
  contact
me
i
have a new book!
please visit its website
 
 
 
 
            
welcome to
science
vs. religion
as
a physician, the scientist in me had trouble believing in the existence of god. 
i was an agnostic. 
how do  you know god
exists?  are you on the fence?  or, are you an atheist?  i needed
answers. 
 i didn't want to continue sitting on the
fence. this book is an accumulation of my studies over the years to see if i
could prove the existence of god.  the scientist side of me insisted upon
discovering if there were logical reasons for belief.  in the book, you
will learn that i have found multiple scientific findings that lead logically to
accepting god. 
 science vs. religion shows that i have
discovered that the scientific findings of the past 150 years prove god beyond a
reasonable doubt. our universe is carefully designed to allow life and human
development. the universe started with a "big bang," the beginning of
time and space. science has shown there is no 'before' before the bang, and
science does not know what caused it. darwin's theory of evolution appears to do
away with god, but there is enormous controversy among darwin scientists as to
how evolution works. many other scientists also raise critical objections to the
theory. darwinism is not proven!! 
scientists don't know how life got started,
despite 50 years of laboratory research, because living matter, even
single-celled forms, has been found to be extremely complex. our entire society
is divided over the theory of evolution. this controversy has entered our
schools, religious teachings and politics. unless you haven't noticed, faith in
god is currently under attack in this country by secular scientists and
secularists.  this book answers them.
the book proposes, for those who have faith in
god and for those who have chosen not to accept god on faith, if they look at
modern scientific discoveries, they will find overwhelming evidence of the hand
of god. if you already accept god, the scientific review in this book will only
act to strengthen that faith. 
my book surveys over 100 other books.  those
references provide plenty of material for you to do your own searching in every
direction possible, or to provide your children with answers to the partial
truths they receive in school. 
  make up your own mind about faith in god.
whatever suits you is fine with me. after 20 years  of study, i am very
satisfied with what i believe and finally, i believe in god and have faith in
god. 
 
 email
me     reviews       
comments from readers   synopses
of chapters    my background                                   
science and religion links 
  order         government
by political spin         news
articles and events
my
article on how to properly teach the darwin theory in public education  


