


kimball, tn

















kimball tn












  kimball tn  
















 home 

boards & committees

beautification committee
 board of mayor & aldermen

board of mayor & aldermen agendas & meeting minutes

parks & recreation
planning commission

planning commission meeting minutes

zoning appeals


departments

fire
maintenance
parks & recreation
police
town hall


 town documents

town charter
municipal code
ordinances
resolutions
licenses
maps
permits


town directory

officials & department heads
frequently called numbers

helpful links








search













 

convenientlylocated


kimball provides easy accessto interstate 24 at exits 152 and 155.










 

 offering a
                friendlywelcome


the strength of the community lies with its residents, both old and new, who add to its charm & warmth


 

 a safe &
                wholesome
                place

raise a family, have a career or own a business, live the rest of your life in retirement



 

 in case of 
                emergency

the department consistsof 20 volunteer firemen and 6 auxiliary members
                 


 

 a safe &
                wholesome
                place

raise a family, have a career or own a business, live the rest of your life in retirement









 

about us
the history of kimball  
  
area attractions
plan a visit  
  
calendar
upcoming meetings & events  



welcome to kimball




 welcome to kimball, tennessee. kimball is located in the heart of the famous sequatchie valley. kimball along with marion county, the sequatchie valley and east tennessee has been famous for the beauty of its location, the fertility of its soil, the magnitude of its forests and the vast deposits of valuable minerals, especially coal and iron.  
 kimball offers a friendly welcome along with opportunities for people who want to create a modern heritage. new residents are welcome and you'll soon agree you couldn't choose a friendlier place to visit or live.
                            
                            keeping the best of the past and planning for future growth are two hallmarks which guide kimball's residents and leaders. 
                          the strength of the community lies with its residents, both old and new, who add to the charm and warmth that characterize the town of kimball as a safe and wholesome place to raise a family, to have a career or own a business, and to live the rest of your life in retirement.
                                        








categories



  public notices public notices  
  holiday schedule holiday schedule  
  video tour video tour  
  contact us contact us  













close 











close 







about kimball

              kimball is located in the heart of the famous sequatchie valley. kimball along with marion county, the sequatchie valley and east tennessee has been famous for the beauty of its location, the fertility of its soil, the magnitude of its forests and the vast deposits of valuable minerals, especially coal and iron.
            




related links


 town directory 
 calendar 
 area attractions 
 other helpful links 









675 main street | kimball, tennessee 37347
hours of operation: 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
(423) 837-7040 

drone & camera photos provided by 
officer timothy hudson  during off-duty time 

 













