








portland, or accounting firm | home page | culshaw and company, llc


















































about






personnel




taehee ahn, accountant, enrolled agent




mary l. culshaw, cpa/pfs, cfp, partner




betty haller, office manager




su-wei huang, cpa




kimberly llorens, cpa, partner




boris, russian tortoise




mae-yen tsai, cpa / abv, partner



 

our values




certified b corporation



 

client reviews




services




tax services




tax preparation




tax planning




tax problems and solutions




irs audit representation




non-filed tax returns




irs payment plan




get your irs file



 

business services




financial statements / reviews and compilation




succession planning




new business formation




non-profit organizations



 

quickbooks services




why quickbooks




quickbooks setup



 

industries




construction




healthcare




dentists




law firms




manufacturers




real estate



 
 

industries




newsletter




this month's newsletter




previous newsletters



 

tax center




track your refund




tax due dates




tax rates




record retention guide



 

resources




financial calculators




client portal




securesend




guides




life events




business strategies




investment strategies




tax strategies for business owners




tax strategies for individuals




frequently asked questions



 

how to pay your taxes online



 

pay now




contact
















(503) 670-8286


					15115 sw sequoia parkway, suite 170
					portland, or  97224
info@culshawcpa.com





culshaw and company, llc - certified public accountants and business
					consultants

we are certified public accountants offering a wide variety of services for individuals and
						closely held businesses. we offer tax preparation, financial reporting, tax planning, payroll
						calculations for both individuals and businesses. we also offer business succession planning and
						many other accounting, bookkeeping and tax-related services. please call us today! 

							annual b-corp report

							culshaw and company, llc became a certified b corporation in 2019. we believe this certification coincides with our company philosophy of using business as a force for good. certified b corporations represent a triple bottom line - people, planet, and profits. it is our company mission to adhere to a high standard of professional ethics and to create an environment of trust and transparency with our clients as well as with each other internally.

							b corps are important because they inspire all businesses to strive not only to be better in the world, but to be better for the world. unlike traditional corporations, certified b corporations are legally required to consider the impact of their decisions with the unifying goal to redefine success in business. we are required to meet a high standard of social and environmental performance, transparency, and accountability goals. this happens through a rigorous certification process that is reviewed every three years.

							each year we work to review and change processes to reach our goal of becoming an increasingly paperless office. this includes changing our annual tax organizers to a digital format, digitizing interoffice communications, and using email services in lieu of mass mailings. we believe a paperless work environment and other measures are important to support and protect the environment.

							we take our service and relationships with our clients seriously. ongoing stewardship of our customers and their satisfaction of our service is a top priority. our company is committed to providing client support and information regarding changes in the tax law all year long. we send out regular email newsletters with the most up to date tax news and changes. our support of our clients does not end when tax season does.

							we are proud to be a 100% woman owned business, but we also know that our employees are the life blood of our firm. our skilled professional staff are diverse, interesting, kind and service driven. everyone on the team is encouraged to freely communicate suggestions or concerns so that our clients can have the best possible service experience with the least amount of stress to the staff. we offer our employees a flexible work schedule and a benefit package that is above industry standards. most employees have the option to work entirely or partially remotely. this was especially helpful for our staff with young children at home during the pandemic.

							don't forget, we are fun too!


resources
business
						services


tax services
quickbooks
						services




featured articles:
















got documents?
as a valued client, you get a secure, password-protected portal to store and access your
							important financial documents from anywhere at any time.
to start using the client portal please log in using this form or register here.
just need to send us a file? don't worry, you don't even need an account! just use our
							convenient securesend page.


portal login



e-mail:




password:













login   search   site map   privacy policy   disclaimer   
						

















