susan isaacshomeconnectaboutbookslatesteventsgallery
susan isaacsi can think of no other novelist - popular or highbrow - who consistently celebrates female gutsiness, brains and sexuality. she’s jane austen with a schmear.”— maureen corrigan, “fresh air,” national public radioprintbarnes & noble
amazon
your independent bookstore
books a millione-bookamazon kindle
apple booksaudio bookamazon audible(hardcover)publisher: atlantic monthly presspublished: may 2, 2023isbn: 9780802159069(ebook)published: may 2, 2023asin: b0bktmkj9s(audio)published: may 2, 2023asin: b0bvddng7kbad, bad seymour brownwhen corie geller asked her parents to move from their apartment into the suburban mcmansion she shares
with her husband and teenage daughter, she assumed they’d fit right in with the
placid life she’d opted for when she left the joint anti-terrorism task force
of the fbi.but then her retired nypd detective father gets a call from good-natured and slightly nerdy film
professor april brown—one of the victims of a case he was never able to solve.
when april was a five-year-old, she’d emerged unscathed from the arson that
killed her parents. now, two decades later, april is asking for help. someone
has made an attempt on her life. it takes only a nanosecond for corie and her
dad to say yes, and they jump into a full-fledged investigation.if they don’t move fast, whoever attacked the april is sure to strike again. but while her late father,
seymour brown, was the go-to money launderer for the russian mob – a mercurial
and violent man with a penchant for swiss watches and cheating on his wife –
april brown has no enemies. well-liked by her students, admired by her
colleagues, her only connection to crime is her passion for the noir movies of
hollywood’s golden age. who would want her dead now? and who set that horrific
fire, all those years ago?the stakes have never been higher. yet as corie and her dad are realizing, they still live for the chase. savvy and surprising, witty and gripping, bad, bad seymour brown is another standout hit from the beloved susan isaacs.both witty and gripping, this is ultra-sleek storytelling, with two delightful investigators.”— daily maillatest updateswith my old pal fran lebowitz…day’s writing donelulu, recuperating from trauma of haircutwhy it only took me 45 years to write a serieswriters need a planenough with the sweaterssee all news
read blogsusan isaacs is the author of fifteen novels, including compromising positions, shining through, after all these years, and as husbands go. the second in the corie geller novels, bad, bad, seymour brown, will be published may 2023.
copyright 2025 susan isaacssite by the new dynamic