





  



welcome to georgia equality | lgbt advocacy | georgia equality





















































georgia equality
advancing fairness, safety, and opportunity for lgbtq georgians




search for:



 

menu
skip to content
home
about

mission
staff & board
contributors
employment & internships
strategic plan 2021-2024
contact & directions


issues

nondiscrimination
youth & safe schools
trans advocacy
parental rights
hiv advocacy
hate crime protections
marriage & relationships


take action

contact your elected officials
current action alerts
join a citizen board


election center

register to vote
my voter page
transgender voter id toolkit
endorsed candidates
election results


resources
share

 





donate 







register now!





volunteer with ga equality





transgender resources





we did it! all anti-lgbtq bills defeated!






welcome to georgia equality


georgia equality’s mission is to advance fairness, safety and opportunity for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender communities and our allies throughout the state.
founded in 1995, we are two organizations – united with a common vision but serving unique functions in our work to achieve equality. georgia equality, inc. works year-round to pass pro-equality legislation and elect fair-minded elected officials. through the equality foundation of georgia, we conduct voter registration and educational activities, provide information to decision makers, and work to organize and mobilize lgbtq residents and allies to advance equality in urban, suburban, and rural communities across the state.




the latest



02.07.25 by jessica douglas 
pocket of faith: february 2025


pocket of faith is a monthly newsletter directly geared towards the intersection of lgbtq+ human rights and faith. we are proud to showcase this important subject, revealing that faith, religion, and lgbtq+ rights co-exist in harmony and not in opposition.
written by jai davis (they/them), faith organizer for georgia equality
 
 read more





01.10.25 by jessica douglas 
pocket of faith: january 2025


pocket of faith is a monthly newsletter directly geared towards the intersection of lgbtq+ human rights and faith. we are proud to showcase this important subject, revealing that faith, religion, and lgbtq+ rights co-exist in harmony and not in opposition.
written by jai davis (they/them), faith organizer for georgia equality
 
 read more





12.05.24 by jessica douglas 
pocket of faith: december 2024


pocket of faith is a monthly newsletter directly geared towards the intersection of lgbtq+ human rights and faith. we are proud to showcase this important subject, revealing that faith, religion, and lgbtq+ rights co-exist in harmony and not in opposition.
written by jai davis (they/them), faith organizer for georgia equality
 
 read more






stay informed
donate
volunteer
 

 facebook
 twitter







tweets by @gaequality




our campaigns






home
about
issues
take action
election center
resources


georgia equality is comprised of two separate corporate entities: georgia equality, inc. and the equality foundation of georgia, inc. both organizations are working to advance fairness, safety, and opportunity for georgia’s lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and allied communities. while there is some overlap in the work done by each entity, certain activities are done by one organization and not the other. learn more about the distinction between these two organizations.




				1530 dekalb avenue ne, suite a   •    atlanta, ga 30307   •    404.523.3070   •    geinfo@georgiaequality.org






					© 2025 georgia equality, inc.
				





















