



  

corrugated metal hose - precision hose & expansion joints

















































 



























49677

 







menu




close




home
products

corrugated metal hose

pl series
pm series
sm series
sh series
hose fittings
pump connectors
special application assemblies
technical data


stripwound metal hose

interlock rough bore
small bore interlocked hose
interlock loose wound
interlock smooth bore
squarelock metal hose


metal expansion joints

rectangular metal expansion joints
types of metal expansion joints
field service work
thermal expansion data
metal expansion joint installation instructions


rubber expansion joints

single arch
dual arch
spool type
wide arch
threaded union
control units
temp vs. working psi
guide to elastomers
how to order
install and inspection instructions


fabric expansion joints

non-metallic flue duct
field service work
replacement parts
eptfe joint sealant


metal industrial dampers

butterfly (wafer) dampers – model b-1000
louver dampers – model l-2000
slide gate (guillotine) dampers – model g-3000
diverter dampers – model d-4000
radial vane model rv-5000
in-house refractory dampers


fittings for the metal hose industry

welded neck flange
female union
grooved end fitting
female pipe coupling
weld nipple / 37-1/2°
male pipe nipple
male hex nipple
male pipe nipple w/ hex nut
female jic
sch 10/ type c stub end with floating flange


braid sleeves

braid sleeves types
rolled bands
bulk strip
braid sleeve conversion chart


coolant hoses
lamp arms
welding rods
expansion joint field services
expansion joint replacement
fiberglass reinforced plastic (frp)

frp field service
frp parts




technical tools

precision hose glossary
general conversions
common alloys cross-reference
corrosion resistance ratings
standard flange dimensions


photo gallery
resources

certifications
industry links
warranties


about

history
careers
blogs


contact us
rfq
search
 



 








manufactured to thehighest quality standardsin the industry
contact us

iso 9001-2015 certified



 



our products include:





corrugated metal hose & braid





stripwound metal hose





metal expansion joints





fabric expansion joints





rubber expansion joints





coolant hoses





lamp arms





fittings for the metal hose industry





braid sleeves





welding rod





metal dampers





fiberglass reinforced plastic (frp)







why choose us?
precision hose & expansion joints is a manufacturer of square locked and interlocked metal hose and a fabricator of corrugated metal hose assemblies. incorporated in 1991, the principal stockholders have a combined 85 years of experience in the metal hose industry.
 

iso 9001:2015 certified
complete fabrication
both domestic & international shipping of all products
vast material selection
comprehensive testing & quality control

request a quote















download our catalogs:









corrugated hose & braid





fabric expansion joints





metal expansion joints









stripwound metal hose, coolant hoses & lamp arms 





rubber expansion joints





metal industrial dampers









ptfe hose, assemblies & fittings












information
technical tools
resources
sitemap
about us
 

our products
corrugated metal hose
stripwound metal hose
metal expansion joints
fabric expansion joints
rubber expansion joints
coolant hoses
lamp arms
hose fittings
braid sleeves
 

get in touch

       precision hose & expansion joints
       2200 centre park court
       stone mountain, ga 30087
     

toll free: 877-850-2662 ph: 770-413-5680 fx: 770-413-5643














website and digital marketing managed by mobile associates
© 2024 precision hose, all rights reserved.






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept



















 

