












gas & welding supplies | hohenschild welders supply




















































































back to meritus gas partners


careers



careers


search
 












 






                                        about hohenschild                                    



                                        our locations
                                    



                                        our gases
                                    



                                        our brands
                                    



                                        testimonials
                                    



                                        news
                                    





                                contact us
                            

 search
 menu









                            about hohenschild                        



                            our locations
                        



                            our gases
                        



                            our brands
                        



                            testimonials
                        



                            news
                        






search
 












 
hohenschild welders supply locations
find your nearest location

  

 

 
submit  

 







 




hohenschild welders supply
are you looking for a reliable, service-oriented provider for your company’s essential welding supplies in the kansas city area? hohenschild welders supply, located at 1620 campbell street, can assist you.
founded in 1922, hohenschild welders supply has been operated by the johnson family since 1947 and has established an impeccable reputation within the kansas city metropolitan area. the company became a member of the meritus gas partners network in 2023, ensuring you’ll have access to high-quality products and exceptional service.
 








 


certified miller and thermadyne repair shop
service department
hohenschild welders supply has a service department that is fully equipped to meet your welder repair needs. from a miller thunderbolt to a miller mark viii, we can diagnose and repair your equipment in our modern repair facility or our service vehicle can travel to your shop or job site.
our technician has many years of experience, factory training, and a degree in industrial electrical technology. although we specialize in miller electric and thermadyne welding and plasma cutting equipment, we have the ability to diagnose and repair just about anything on the market. if your equipment is in need of repair, give us a call. we’re sure you’ll be well satisfied.
request repair services





























choose from an assortment of welding-related equipment
the extensive hohenschild hardgoods and gas equipment lineup includes many products from leading manufacturers like miller electric, thermal dynamics, esab and many others. 
arc welding equipment and accessories
select from a vast inventory of gas metal arc, gas tungsten arc, shielded metal arc and flux-cored arc welding machines to improve results in your metal fusion processes. numerous accessories like mig guns, carbon arc torches, carbon rods and plasma consumables are also available. 
gas equipment
hohenschild can also fulfill all your gas equipment needs. get essential gas apparatus like regulars, monitors, flow meters and other products for storing, transmitting and regulating liquified or compressed cylinder gases. 
filler metals
these metals enable you to create joints via welding, soldering or brazing. hohenschild offers various steel and aluminum materials that add strength, enhance corrosion resistance and enhance your work processes through other benefits. 
safety products
protecting workers is a top priority for any company that implements potentially hazardous processes involving welding or industrial gases. hohenschild can help you create and maintain a safer working environment by offering an array of equipment from jackson safety and other leading providers. choose from a variety of personal protective gear like welding helmets, gloves, goggles, respirators, face shields and more. 
hand and power tools
it takes many tools to perform day-to-day welding and gas tasks safely and efficiently. hohenschild has everything your company needs to provide your team with what they need to succeed. get everything from lifting clamps, platform trucks and containers to saws, grinders, sealers and hammers. 
these product lines and others are available by stopping by the store for in-person purchasing or for delivery to your facility. 
find a location near you














fast service for most equipment brands
keeping welding equipment on the job can be challenging. it also places heavy demands on your labor force. hohenschild can remove the burden by providing high-quality, responsive repair services. 
while the company specializes in repairing and maintaining equipment by miller electric and thermal dynamics, it also services machines from other well-known brands. the staff will do everything possible to get your machines back on the job quickly and minimize unproductive downtime.
learn more about partnering with hohenschild welders supply
meritus gas partners takes pride in assembling a nationwide network of high-quality distributors like hohenschild welders supply to ensure the best outcomes for businesses like yours. contact us to request additional information about our suppliers near you by returning our online contact form today.
contact us
leave a review











 




































quick links


our partners 

locations 

services 

industries 

brands we offer 

sds 



gases


industrial 

specialty 

welding mixtures 

fuel 

medical 

all gases 



products


cobot 

gas equipment 

welding & cutting 

cylinders 

beverage 

ppe 

rentals 



resources


about us 

news 

blog 

faqs 

case studies 



get in touch


contact us 

find a partner near you 

become a partner 

careers 












sitemap
terms
privacy policy
copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.

back to top 











 




























