


































































the quad city times | breaking news | | read breaking news, sports and events from davenport, bettendorf, moline, rock island and the the quad cities region of iowa and illinois




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















29°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



iowa



illinois



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



food & dining



games



contests



comics



play



food & drink



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



fashion



people



pets



faith




celebrate



weather: live radar



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


bettendorf news



insight




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



qc auto listings



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

qc autos









29°
snow shower
























        
        
            new state transportation chief hopes for ‘a good kind of disruption’

chicago — gia biagi made her name building parks. now, she’s leading the department that oversees more than 145,000 miles of roads, 7,000 miles of railways, 1,000 miles of waterways and 26,000 bridges.


















        
        
            photos:  davenport central defeats north scott 52-51 in boys basketball

images from davenport central's 52-51 win over north scott on friday, february 14, 2025. 

















        
        
            pritzker must address multi-billion-dollar deficit amid federal funding uncertainty

federal pandemic aid has all been allocated and the economy has slowed, leaving tax revenue projections relatively flat for the coming years.

















        
        
            how iowa lawmakers are aiming to address the state’s rising cancer rates

iowa has the fastest-growing rate of new cancers and ranks second-highest in cancer rates compared to other states, according to the iowa cancer registry.

















        
        
            bettendorf high school cheer season comes to sudden end

head coach kailee hamilton and assistant reagan guy's resignations were approved at the regular school board meeting on jan. 27 and took effect on feb. 1.

















        
        
            bodycam video reveals moments before, after rock island police officer brett taylor shot jakarta jackson

from the time officer brett taylor exited his squad car to when taylor shot jackson took about 63 seconds, according to bodycam video provided in response to a foia request.

















        
        
            week in iowa: reynolds on lutheran services 'money laundering' post, iowa baseball season preview

here's a rundown of the news from across iowa this week. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            prep boys basketball: after losing big lead, central battles for big win over young lancers


















        
        
            mccorkle's 40 lifts bettendorf to upset road win over central dewitt; north's bourrage misses game with injury


















        
        
            bodycam video reveals moments before, after rock island police officer brett taylor shot jakarta jackson















                
                the latest


















        
        
            supporting third-wheel riders

members of the muscatine pilot club met with a representative from mississippi bend trykes of the quad cities to construct and adapt a new tryke for another young recipient. 




















        
        
            muscatine city offices closed for presidents day

city of muscatine offices will be closed on monday for the president’s day holiday.




















        
        
            muscatine man arrested for enticement of a minor

a muscatine man is in the muscatine county jail under a $5,000 cash-only bond after arranging a meeting with a person he believed was 15-year-old girl online who was really an undercover officer.





















        
        
            quad-cities neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in the quad-city times. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise




















        
        
            200,000 federal workers at risk of getting fired as widespread cuts continue












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            qc high school scoreboard: feb. 15

friday night's high school scoreboard from qc and beyond. 




















        
        
            genseo wrestlers start strong in sectionals

geneseo sent seven into the semifinals at the oregon sectional on friday night.




















        
        
            mccorkle's 40 lifts bettendorf to upset road win over central dewitt; north's bourrage misses game with injury

mccorkle goes off as bettendorf upsets central dewitt.




















        
        
            bettendorf's kiefer roemer clocks top breaststroke prelim time at state swimming

kiefer roemer of bettendorf posted the top prelim time in the 100-yard breaststroke at the state swimming meet on friday night in iowa city.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            transforming lives: how radix recovery is advancing addiction treatment in cedar rapids

contributor content. radix recovery is a premier addiction treatment center in cedar rapids.












contributor








        
        
            ski, rest, repeat: your guide to recovering from a ski weekend

contributor content. after conquering the slopes and feeling the rush of a skiing adventure, it’s time to focus on your recovery.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            genesis heart institute



                                        genesis medical center, east campus, 1236 e rusholme st, davenport, ia 52803
                                    






 website






















        
        
            first dakota national bank



                                        201 n courtland st, chamberlain, sd 57325
                                    






 website






















        
        
            cordova township



                                        po box 311, cordova, il 61242
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-09
























sale





        
        
            quad city coin - ad from 2025-02-09
























transportation





        
        
            trailways travel - ad from 2025-02-09
























other





        
        
            house/promo adv - ad from 2025-02-11
























transportation





        
        
            trailways travel - ad from 2025-02-09







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram







bettendorf news

qcvarsity.com

plus 60



sites & partners


e-edition

email newsletters

quad-cities calendar

obituaries

weather

online features

get healthy




services


activate full access

advertise with us

contact us

job search

start a subscription

privacy policy

terms of service

customer service

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the quad-city times	, 500 e 3rd st. davenport, ia 52801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























