







kà  | cirque du soleil

































































shows & tickets
shows & tickets 
alegríacirque du soleil alizécirque du soleil ʻauanacorteocirque du soleil crystaldrawn to lifecirque du soleil echojoyàkàkoozakurios - cabinet of curiositiesludõluziacirque du soleil mad applemichael jackson onemystère"o"ovotribute series - daniel bélangerthe beatles love'twas the night before...

all cities




las vegas


group


videos


blog










club cirque

about
account settings
sign out
sign in
sign up
about
account settings
sign out
sign in
sign up




cirque du soleil










english
en




language


français
fr




español
es








top













cirque du soleil






























gallery




"we wanted it to be an epic story told not with the use of words, but with the universal language of body movement and music”









now playing
join us on an unforgettable journey! discover when kà will come to life, and get ready for an experience like no other.



blog.cirquedusoleil.com

the world of kà

welcome to our blog, where we dive into the captivating world of kà! discover the secrets behind our artists, costumes, props, stage, music, and more, as we take you on a behind-the-scenes journey.





the making of kà

delve behind-the-scenes of kà. through our web series, explore how this production crafts a universe filled with color, wonder, and infinite possibilities!




media spotlight

discover what critics are saying about our show! here are reviews and insights that highlight the magic and artistry of kà.


“… one of the most ambitious shows in las vegas”  


“…one of the most impressive and innovative stage productions on the las vegas strip” 




the creative team
meet the creative minds behind kà! from the visionary director to the talented designers, each member plays a crucial role in bringing awe to the stage.

 




frequently asked questions about kà
got questions? explore our faq for quick answers to your questions!







duration
90 mins







phone
1 866-740-7711 








is there an intermission during kà? 

no. kà is 90 minutes long, without intermission.









what does the word kà mean? 

the word kà tracks back to an ancient egyptian belief in a spiritual duplicate of the body: that which accompanies all of us throughout this life and into the next.
in the story of kà, this spirit connects our two heroes as they make their separate ways through life, love, and an empire at war.









is kà appropriate for children?

children under the age of 3 are not permitted to see kà due some scenes that incorporate loud noises and darkness. guests under the age of eighteen (18) years must be accompanied by an adult.









is kà merchandise available? 

yes, kà merchandise is available at the mgm grand boutique.









is the music performed live in kà? 

yes, our musicians play live during every single show! they watch the show on a high-def camera and follow the artists on stage while performing so the music and action sync perfectly. 














tiktokfacebookinstagramyoutube







roblox 


cirque du soleilabout usnewslettercontact usshopgift cardfaqsitemap


corporatecareerscastingsocial responsibilityone droppress roomglobal partnerships


discover our worldcirque du soleil entertainment groupcirque du soleil events + experiencesblue man groupvstar entertainment



accessibilitycookie policyprivacy policyterms and conditionscalifornia privacy rights

© cirque du soleil. all rights reserved.  2025



















