



gerard lee architects, inc., oakland, california (ca) architecture design, leed consultants & planning firm.














































homewelcome to gerard lee architects.  a starting point in selecting your architect.
gla in profileprofiles and resumes of those who make up gerard lee architects.  a good place to get to know us and to understand our mission statement; "better communities through sustainable design."
projects
portfolio describing in words and images our share of residential, commercial and public projects
eventsevents, articles, project/ team collaboration site and other resources
contactcontact information.  we are a oakland, ca firm with a global reach
residential design faqsfrequently asked questions for those thinking about using an architect for residential remodels or new construction
sustainable design faqsbrief glossary of "green" design, sustainability issues and systems.  
  has additional (bonus) pages for those contemplating sustainable architecture in tropical climates
leed summarybrief summary of the "leed" rating system
press releaseshighlights of past events.
"on the boards"slide show of current projects in progress.  
  literally taken off our drawing boards.



gerard lee architects, inc. is an oakland, california (ca) based architectural 
     design firm that provides full architectural design and planning services. 
     gla specializes in sustainable & environmentally friendly residential, 
     hospitality, education, 
     community, civic and commercial/ 
     retail projects.
leed administration and sustainability analysis consulting is a growing segment of our services.  
     we are a member firm of the aia (american institute of architects) east bay chapter and leed accredited .
    
     centrally located within the san francisco bay area, we serve alameda county, oakland, 
     the neighboring cities & communities of the bay area, california, asia and beyond.
     good building design transcends all cultural barriers.  
     it evokes passion, fosters great morale and inspires the people
     who experience it.  
     we are a certified bay area "green business".  

    




news flash!:
recent press releases:
     for complete and recent releases,
     please 
 click here. 

     gerard lee architects leads project to leed silver. 
       read more here.






 copyright © 2009 gerard lee architects, inc. all rights reserved. 
311 oak st.  |  ste 532   |   oakland   |   ca 94607   |   p:510.868.0896   |   f:877.575.2542   |   www.gleearchitects.com 

| sitemap |
 home |
 firm profile |
 projects |
 events |
 links |
 disclaimer |
 gla careers |
 contact us |
last updated may 30,2010







