



wine tours & corporate events: central coast's unforgettable experience





































skip to main content



						your browser does not support the video tag.
					


delivered fresh daily
uncorking california’s central coast since 1995!













wine tours
wine tours
tour de jour
distillery tours
 beyond wine 101 
transportation
gift certificates

corporate & group
tours
events & activities
vip experiences
transportation
corporate clients
corporate gifting

wine regions
wine regions
paso robles avas
slo coast avas
santa barbara county avas
wine festivals

about us
our story
reviews
affiliations
blog
faq's
contact

request proposal













 

paso robles
					wine tours				







 

slo coast
					wine tours				







 

santa barbara
					wine tours				






exclusive wine tours & corporate events
#1 choice of wine enthusiasts & corporate meeting planners
  








 


breakaway tours wine and events has been delivering private, top-shelf, luxury wine tours, and off-site events, fresh daily since 1995. 
we are passionate about wine and hospitality and find joy in crafting life-long memories for wine lovers and producing seamless corporate retreats for meeting planners.
as the longest running wine tour operator & corporate event planner on california's central coast, our deep roots, and long-time connections offer our guests unmatched access and privileges. serving

leisure traveler
social groups
corporate groups
incentive travel

book now!
request custom proposal 










 


tours & events

wine tasting tours
private winery dinners
hearst castle tours
distillery tours
ziplining tours
in-depth wine experiences
culinary & specialty tours
castle/wine combo tours
team building activities
zip n' sip tours

our 5-star service guarantees an unforgettable experience. contact us today and let your wine country adventure begin! your toughest decision will be choosing between paso robles, slo coast or santa barbara wine country… then again, why should you have to choose?
book now!
request a proposal 










 


distillery tours
wine country served with a twist!
if you're looking to raise your spirits or get a little crafty in wine county... let us introduce you to our distillery tours. learn about the heads and the tails and what sets craft spirts apart from the unwashed masses. raise your cocktails to new levels learn more






corporate clients








































































n. sumacalsu travel consultants


“thank you for planning and executing a great wine tasting experience! your selection of wineries was excellent but most of all your choice of a luncheon experience in the wild boar room was magnificent! kudos to your wonderful guide, wendy. she is a delightful person, very knowledgeable of the history of the area and the wines of the district. she is a major asset to your company. when we plan our next group to your county, we will definitely be calling on you to set the itinerary and guide them through the wine experience. thank you again for an efficient and delightful event!”








emailing list
		hear about our specials and more!
join 






google
instagram
facebook
yelp

tripadvisor
paso
slo
sb




home
book now
gift certificates
contact us
805.783.2929

license #tsp022571s © copyright 2025 breakaway tours. all rights reserved. cleverly made.








       

emailing list
			hear about our specials and more!


















