

  








winthrop me |








































skip to main content








 





            keywords          







 



facebook
contact us
home 


 



government







        government      

agendas & minutesassessment databaseboards & committeesbudget & financialscharter & ordinances 







elected officialspublic recordsstaff directorytown counciltown manager town report 







departmentsambulance serviceassessorclerkcode enforcementcemeteries financefire department 







general assistanceplanningpolice departmentpublic librarypublic worksrecreation/ymcatransfer stationwinthrop public schools 







services







        services      

ambulance serviceboat registrationbuilding permitsbusiness licensescemetery sextondog licensing 







employmentgeneral assistancemarriage licensesproperty lookuppublic worksrecreation programs 







tax billstrash & recyclingutilities districtvehicle registrationvoter registrationzoning board of appeals 







community







        community      

about winthropbailey public librarycemetery sextonelections & voting 







fire departmentlakes & watershed informationnew residentspolice departmentpublic worksrecreation programs 







trash & recyclingwinthrop historical photoswinthrop historical societywinthrop plays outsidewinthrop public schools 







business







        business      

bids/rfpschamber of commercecode enforcement 







licenses & permitslocal mediaminimum wageplanning board 







property lookuptax mapsutilities district 







 















































































 









 

winthrop alertsvisit & playlive & workdo businesspay onlinetown council 




welcome to winthrop, maine welcome to winthrop! this amazing community has much to offer, whether you live, work or play here. the 11 water bodies in the town of winthrop lure folks from far and wide to boat, swim, ski, paddle and fish. the village is charming and its local shops quaint. mount pisgah yields grand views of maine and its mountain ranges. bailey library is second to none. winthrop schools (rambler pride!) excel at prepping young people for the future. and a team of dedicated public servants provides a full complement of essential and high-quality services. but spend any time here at all, and the people will impress you most. they’re warm, welcoming and happy to reside in one of the nicest spots anywhere. whether you’re establishing roots, launching an enterprise or simply enjoying a respite from the workaday world, we hope you’ll fully embrace all that winthrop has to offer. we’re sure you’ll love this little town as we do.anthony wilson, town manager 
 


announcements



 town office, library closed thursday, feb. 13 
        the town office and bailey public library...   

 town office, library may close thursday 
        the town office and bailey public library...   

 presidents' day - town office & bailey library closed 
        in observance of presidents' day, the town...   

 january 2025 financials posted 
        the town has posted the january 2025 ...   



    view all  


 


upcoming events



 presidents' day - town office & bailey library closed 
 february 17, 2025 (all day)  

 town council meeting 
 february 17, 2025 - 5:00pm  

 winthrop utilities district trustees meeting 
 february 20, 2025 - 6:00pm  

 cemetery committee meeting 
 february 25, 2025 - 4:30pm  

 planning board meeting 
 february 26, 2025 - 7:00pm  

 town council meeting 
 march 3, 2025 - 6:00pm  



    all upcoming events  


 





 



community resources




  
exists for the promotion and development of new and existing businesses; serves as an advocate for trade and economic interests across the region. more » 

  
winthrop maine historical societypreserving winthrop history to strengthen the community’s connection to our past. more » 

  
bailey public librarya lifelong learning center serving winthrop and surrounding communities and offering diverse resources for people of all ages. more » 

  
winthrop food pantryprovides free food to income-eligible families and individuals in need in winthrop and wayne, maine. more » 

  
rotary club of the winthrop areaprovides service to others, promotes integrity, and advances world understanding, goodwill, and peace through fellowship of business, professional, and community leaders. more » 

  
american legion post 40the nation's largest wartime veterans service organization, committed to mentoring youth and sponsorship of wholesome programs in our community. more » 

  
winthrop public schoolswinthrop public schools more » 

  
maranacook lake associationworks to protect and improve the water quality of maranacook lake and its watershed for the benefit of all. more » 

  
friends of the cobbossee watershedworks to protect and improve the cobbossee water resources with education and popular events. more » 

  
kennebec historical societya growing collection of manuscripts, photographs and ephemera about people and places in kennebec county. more » 

  
kennebec land trustworks cooperatively with landowners and communities to conserve the forests, shorelands, fields, and wildlife that define central maine. more » 



 


 facebookfacebookfacebookfacebook
 



 

 







 

contact us:town of winthrop17 highland avenuewinthrop, me 04364phone: 207-377-7200fax: 207-377-7201hours: m-f  8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.staff directory  | directions 


popular topics:

elections & voting
vehicle registration
licenses
trash & recycling
permitting
assessment database

 

government websites by civicplus®website photos © dave dostie,barbara walsh, and richard fortingraphic design and layout management by richard fortin
login 


 









