          
	society | american dental association
                                         




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about us







board of directors








board agenda & materials






mission and values




staff




contact us




directions




past presidents






for the public







what do dentists do?




dental health faqs




oral health topics




find a dentist




complaint resolution process






news & publications







dentists' quarterly




nycds news




ada publications




nysda publications




classified ads




advertise with us




covid-19 updates






member center







join / renew




benefits of membership







ada membership faqs




insurance




nycds practice partners







ada benefits




nysda benefits






new dentists resources




retiring dentists resources





nycds videos




industry solutions






ethics & peer review







ethics corner & on the legal side 




peer review column






volunteer & donate







committees




the nycds fund




give kids a smile






student & early career resources




mentorship program






events & continuing education







calendar of events




continuing education programs & special events 







ce transcripts






new dentist events




other meetings & events







general membership meetings








  
            skip to main content
         








new york county dental society 2025 president

                        congratulations to dr. vera tang on becoming the 2025 president of nycds! we look forward to all the incredible achievements you will make this year in both the field of dentistry and within our local community. 

                    






2025 nycds membership dues now available

                        it's here! your 2025 membership dues invoice is online. renew by december 31st, and you'll be entered to win a custom nysda yeti or stanley! enroll in auto-renew and never miss your nysda benefits. 

                            
renew today








new exclusive nysda member benefit

                        life comes with challenges, but your new member assistance program (map) is here to help. this free, confidential benefit is available to you and your household, offering resources and services to support mental health, reduce stress, and make life easier.

                            
learn more








ce registry is now ce navigator

                        navigate your continuing education journey with ease using the ce navigator, your ultimate guide to professional development.

                            
learn more









2024/2025 member benefits guide is here!

                        your ultimate resource for all things nysda. dive in and discover what awaits you as a valued member.

                            
available now












welcome to the new york county dental societyfounded in 1860, the new york county dental society is one of the largest groups of dentists in the united states. with more than 2,000 members practicing in manhattan, nycds members have made a special commitment to uphold its ethical code and practice standards, as well as those of new york state and the american dental association. it is an invaluable advocacy and education resource that protects its members and the public.






member experience "time and time again nycds has always been able to find answers to my difficult questions. i am grateful for such a reliable and trusted source of information and professional expertise."lisa s. lin, dds"i've been taking ce courses for over 20 years, and i've had the best experience thus far with the ny county dental society. it has been really easy to register for the courses and i've always been greeted by a warm and friendly staff! the knowledgeable instructors have made learning enjoyable, especially with some of the mandatory courses."michael kosdon, dds 


the new york county dental society study club purchase an annual membership and take an unlimited number of continuing education courses in 2025 at nycds! starting jan. 1, 2025 all in-person* and virtual courses are included in one annual club membership! (*excludes cpr and hands-on courses. study club members receive a 10% discount on those courses) we have an exciting line-up of speakers planned. over 50 courses will be included throughout 2025 click the link to view our partial course/speaker list: upcoming 2025 continuing education courses club membership fees:ada members: $1,195  non ada members: $1,495 register here! 


nycds n​ews




feb 13, 2025



                                    workshop on veneers (in-person)
                                


                            perfect your skills hands-on at the workshop on veneers on april 24!
                        


feb 13, 2025



                                    innovations in aesthetic dentistry: everything you need to know about veneers (in-person)
                                


                            join us for innovations in aesthetic dentistry on april 23!
                        


feb 12, 2025



                                    acd lecture program: expanding clear aligner case selection with adjunctive treatments on 2/19 (zoom)!
                                


                            this lecture will explore the evolving role of clear aligner therapy in treating both simple and complex orthodontic cases.
                        





installation of officers 2025








































































                                join or renew
                            







                                find-a-dentist
                            











                                calendar of events
                            







                                greater ny dental meeting
                            







                                get involved - volunteer!
                            







                                classified ads
                            


























































       

stay connected




























 

   general information american dental association new york state dental association new york county dental society
622 third avenue, 9th floor
new york, ny 10017
212-573-8500   sections about us for the public news & publications member center events & continuing education   resources accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                new york county dental society. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us             22380292641   
