


san antonio photography




























	               san antonio photography
	               

san antonio senior portrait photographers and graduation photography. cap and gown portraits in san antonio. cap and gown senior portraits, announcements, invitations. family photography, senior pictures, graduation pictures  graduation photography packages. graduation announcements in san antonio. san antonio portrait photography including spring branch, bulverde, boerne




about me

name:  richard's photography 
location:  san antonio, texas, united states 
view my complete profile










senior portraits and changing portrait styles
good photographers in san antonio tx
graduation portraits are a wonderful expression
the strength of black and white digital photography
i just added my photography website to: statbrain
trusting your family portraits to a family photogr...
digital or film print which is better these days o...
the study and comparisons of digital photography
boudoir photography san antonio texas
boudoir photographers san antonio





07/23/05
07/27/05
09/06/05
09/27/05
10/01/05
11/26/05
12/18/05
12/19/05
12/26/05
12/27/05
01/02/06
01/07/06
01/11/06
01/16/06
01/22/06
01/25/06
01/28/06
02/07/06
02/09/06
02/10/06
02/13/06
02/27/06
03/02/06
03/06/06
03/10/06
03/17/06
03/25/06
03/26/06
04/10/06
05/19/06
05/22/06
05/29/06
06/02/06
06/06/06
06/26/06
07/13/06
08/11/06
09/06/06
09/07/06
11/12/06
11/15/06
12/02/06
12/15/06
12/29/06
01/31/07
03/04/07
03/15/07
05/15/07
06/09/07
01/09/08
03/28/09
03/29/09
04/02/09
12/22/09
12/24/09
12/27/09
12/29/09
01/01/10
01/03/10
01/05/10
01/12/10
01/19/10
01/21/10
08/08/12
08/28/12


subscribe toposts [atom]




tuesday, august 28, 2012



                      	 
                      	 senior portraits and changing portrait styles
	                       
                          

as senior portrait photographers in san antonio we have added our portrait galleries of high schools seniors to our pinterest page. you can view our senior portrait images at the following pages below.

senior portraits photography

we also have another photography gallery of san antonio high school seniors at

creative senior portraits

things change all the time especially with photography. we do our best to keep up with the new styles of photography and portraits high school seniors are looking for. if you know the style of senior portrait you want but don't see it on our website just ask us. we may have a sample or we'll be able to satify your needs easily. 





posted by richard's photography | tuesday, august 28, 2012
       |
         2 comments
 




wednesday, august 08, 2012




                      	 good photographers in san antonio tx
	                       



senior portraits? where can i find a good photographers in san antonio? we know just where. try richard's photography. they are san antonio photographers and have been since 1991 which is quite a long time for a professional photographer. senior portrait prices



what makes a good senior photographer? being qualified with your lighting and posing abilities and great skills. knowing just how to pose anyone is a plus for a good portrait session. just shooting without studying your client and getting to know them is crucial. never just sit someone down and just start shooting images like crazy. study their eyes, their facial features and determine if their eyes are centered by having the head tilted to the left or to the right. if you don't position them properly their eyes could look crossed and we know girls especially want to look their absolute best for their senior portraits.

if you follow this advice you will have half the battle won. maybe not a battle but the task is to capture the greatest senior portraits you can. the high school kids are wanting to impress and if you help them look their finest they will more than likely refer you to other friends at school and in their community. these kids will take their wallet photos and spread them around proudly and will probably exchange senior portrait images with their closest friends.

do you like the portraits you see here? we at richards photography can 
create some great senior portraits like these that you'll want to show 
them to everyone you know. call us during the week to schedule a 
photography appointment. we have great senior portrait packages.
visit 
our senior portraits in san antonio gallery for more samples of senior pictures.





























visit our online pinterest photos gallery to see a variety of photography images we have uploaded for the world to see.




posted by richard's photography | wednesday, august 08, 2012
       |
         1 comments
 




thursday, january 21, 2010




                      	 graduation portraits are a wonderful expression
	                       


graduation portraits in san antonio can be the manner intended for anyone to party ones heard working accomplishment along with your loved ones plus tight mates. definitely not just may these people become a new story to your legacy, however they have to help you try to remember exactly who you once used to be. of course, in that respect will be a quite a bit going about throughout your final semester. which is the key reason why you’ll find it significant to decide on professional graduation portraits very well in advance of ones last graduation ritual. performing that should at the same time show you a excellent concept regarding just how much you are able to count on to devote and therefore whatever you will receive in gain. the introduction of professional digital photography, individualized graduation portraits will allow you to highlight your san antonio senior portraits having a personalized feel. searching for a professional graduation photographer may be a superb substitute to having the ordinary photographs made at any school. the actual challenge with conventional school portrait photography sessions is usually their particular inclination to manufacture im-personal structures using cookie-cutter lighting effects.


























that method is usually well-known for restricting ones range of facial expressions simply because of the enormous and impatient high schools lined up stalking close at the rear of you. when anyone seeks a professional graduation photographer on your personal time, you acquire the capacity to decide on unique graduation portraits rather of acquiring unpersonalized graduation portraits selected for you. instead of experiencing limited to cap and gown graduation portraits, with a exclusive graduation portrait session you are likewise free to dress yourself in clothing of your preference to demonstrate your character – some thing quickly to take you away in to the real world. senior portraits are certainly not like the particular typical graduation portraits you had inside grade classes simply because that they symbolize a move in to adult life. showing ones motivators, like baseball or even electric guitar, may be one more wonderful technique to additionally convey oneself in your customized graduation portraits. you’ll find it simply no question you could experience a minor anxiousness about the actual day of ones photography shoot. make certain you are well-slepped and thus geared up now you will be prepared to demonstrate your genuine essence. interacting with with your graduation photographer as well as preparing your photography session in advance should lessen a great deal of burden and also will help a person organise. a person should recognize which clothings in addition to alternative possessions to take along with you.

senior portraits san antoniolabels: graduation portraits

posted by richard's photography | thursday, january 21, 2010
       |
         1 comments
 




tuesday, january 19, 2010




                      	 the strength of black and white digital photography
	                       


it is fascinating precisely how occasionally old technology or even art varieties take on an even more significant importance once they are created obsolete via the brand new plus up-to-date. that can be surely accurate about black and white digital photography. once colour digital photography occurred upon that picture, this seemed the years for black and white in both equally video recording plus digital photography had been finished permanently. however that seemed to be undoubtedly not necessarily the situation. through the ages all of us have viewed black and white take on about an important fresh artistic significance in the two makes. in reality, this is definitely not at most unusual any further to understand an extremely advanced motion picture filmed totally in black and white.  it again is too typical to pay a visit to a fine art museum and even locate a photographic fine art exhibition which makes use of black and white substantially. black and white provides a number of artistic and psychological characteristics that are simply not likely feasible to accomplish in color digital photography. almost certainly the best quality which grabs a person using a black and white picture is its psychological energy. actually if the picture is merely of an old house or even an vintage car or truck, in that respect is an over emotional attractiveness that can be tough to evaluate in words and phrases however universal to most of us as we glimpse at a black and white photograph. this is the reason why black and white pictures virtually instantaneously take on a great inspired appearance. therefore if you are growing your creative photography design and collection, such as some experimentation with black and white would accomplish a great deal to advance your photography work.photographers is san antonio txlabels: black and white photography, digital photography

posted by richard's photography | tuesday, january 19, 2010
       |
         0 comments
 




tuesday, january 12, 2010



                      	 
                      	 i just added my photography website to: statbrain
	                       
                          

i just added my photography website tohttp://www.statbrain.com/www.richardsphotography.com

posted by richard's photography | tuesday, january 12, 2010
       |
         0 comments
 




tuesday, january 05, 2010



                      	 
                      	 trusting your family portraits to a family photographer
	                       
                          

photography is your trusty family's photographer, specializing in family portraits in san antonio, children's portraits, pet photography and lawn weddings. we are a professional portrait studio centered on the beautiful open-air photography in which highlights our casual lifestyle here in the greater san antonio area.





we are artistic photographers in san antonio, producing excellent works of art from the photos we obtain: contributing artistic changes to the original picture: improved shades, subtle texture, smooth focus, sepia and black and white mingled into the mix. each of our photographers studies photography as an art form and we are constantly adding to our knowledge of special techniques that are developed to keep us up to date on the varying technology in the photography enterprise.

fine art photography printed on textured paper, photographs on canvas and metal murals can be obtained through exclusive order and we accept commissions for artfully enhanced images that look more like paintings than photographs. we do agree to some commercial photography work as it fits into our schedule and we are happy to refer you to other photographers in the palm springs area should we be unable to fulfill your photography needs. 

family histories can be preserved by the telling and retelling of stories: as well as the photographs that accompany those tales of yesterday play an important role in keeping those stories alive in our memories. we consider that family portraits are an essential part of maintaining a family's the past for future generations.consider richard's photography for your next portrait needs or maybe a family portrait if all the family members are visiting from out of town.

portrait photography san antonio

posted by richard's photography | tuesday, january 05, 2010
       |
         0 comments
 




sunday, january 03, 2010



                      	 
                      	 digital or film print which is better these days of photography
	                       
                          

previously, you simply didn’t have to make a selection concerning any other photography techniques than video. everybody had a picture camera and all of us either trained to produce their personal film or took it to their neighborhood processor. today, you should have a choice and many consumers who are familiar with film consider, which is much better. nowadays we have picture cameras and digital cameras. here are the pros as well as cons to taking both digital and art print photography. all pros with digital digital cameras can be fantastic for a lot of people. possibly one of the best things about a digital camera is you have instantaneous access to the photographs you have snapped. by using a digital camera, you can automatically see the photograph that you just took and figure out whether you should re- shoot that individual subject. in addition, when you take digital pictures, you can easily download the prints to your computer. it is possible to save your portraits, enrich them along with print them on your printer. additionally, digital prints cause for effortless storage. it is possible to shoot many digital pictures and store them on a few cd-roms. evaluate that to the boxes pointing to printed pictures you in all probability have san antonio portrait studio. the actual cons of digital you will find many cons of using digital in addition. as an example, digital pictures are definitely damaged. in case you are like the majority, you in all probability download the photographs to your computing device and don't do anything different about them. if you fail to back up your digital photographs to disk, all it takes is for ones computer to corrupt a single time and you have likely damaged dozens of important portraits. lots of people feel that digital senior portraits do not have the equivalent appearance plus feel as film prints. for this basis, most professional portrait photographers still have a preference for to make use of film, as opposed to digital. digital photos can also become costly if you print them out on an inkjet printer. a great reliable printer paper, and also colored printer cartridges for ones printer could add up fairly quickly. . my pros of film as brought up earlier, many pro photographers still favor to use film to digital. when you take pictures for profession, you can correct your film camera to obtain the particular look you want. this isn't usually true using digital pictures. some prefer to utilize a film camera, therefore it forces them to have their photos produced immediately. instead of leaving your favorite memories on a disk, you must have your print pictures printed. you should always have them inside your hand to take a look at. the particular cons associated with film it appears that film cameras are giving up reputation. film isn't as handy as digital. he should wait to have pictures created before you possibly can look at them down can also be expensive and having senior pictures processed, contributes unwanted cost. besides, when you use film, you have to have everything on your roll of film printed out. you do not have the capability to scroll through and delete terrible pictures on the spot as you do by using digital. when thinking about film over digital, one is actually no better than one another. the selection has more to do with your personalized preferences than everything else does. in case you are contemplating buying a brand new camera, consider both film and digital to figure out which ones might be right for your use. i have five digital cameras, a 35mm camera including a typical film camera. if i needed to choose, i might choose the digital as a result of the alternative to view senior portraits instantly. this way you understand if you are capturing the image the best way you meant too. i've been caught too many times with fuzzy photographs, lacking heads and the like. one more matter is with a digital camera, should you require a pair of glasses, you should still be in focus, where as with a 35 mm focus camera, you might have a surprise, fuzzy pictures, and you may under no circumstances find another occasion like that repeatedly. senior portrait photographer

posted by richard's photography | sunday, january 03, 2010
       |
         0 comments
 








 
		  		









