






santiam pass ski patrol – nsp




















































santiam pass ski patrol







joining the patrolcontact usmember homedonatesearch













santiam pass ski patrol



upcoming events

see the calendar below…

member page for registration, log in and log out
when the season gets going, come by the patrol room and spend some time with us. check out the 

moutain weather

hoodoo weather page
hoodoo weather forecast 
hoodoo pictures page


hoodoo
tripcheck
water

water levels
oregon swe


some avalanche sites

avalanche safety at bca
northwest avalanche center
central oregon avalanche center
avalanche.org







the santiam pass ski patrol is made up of about 50 trained volunteers. our goal is to provide quality assistance to those in need and promote ski safety in and around the hoodoo ski area.
hoodoo is located on the santiam pass which cuts through the oregon cascades between salem and bend. the area has ski trails, nordic trails, and a tubing park.
members of the santiam pass ski patrol belong to the national ski patrol, which is a global organization with more than 22,000 volunteers and professionals. national ski patrollers work in different local ski areas trying to promote a safe and positive skiing atmosphere.
patrollers are people with a strong desire to help others. extensive training and testing is required of all patrollers before they can provide on the hill first aid.

santiam pass ski patrol has five categories of membership – alpine patroller, nordic patroller, base patroller, host, and paid-section. advanced instruction is available to existing patrollers, including the alpine and nordic/backcountry senior programs, nordic master’s program, mentorship program, instructor development and more. during the winter season, each patroller is required to be on the hill from 3 to 5 shifts a month.

download the excel 50 (70) nordic/backcountry skills list
see the list as a webpage
10t 589869e 4917888n, 44.40871, -121.87129elevation: 4,674 ft
google map location of north lodge
cal/sartopo getting started page
searchsearch







santiam pass ski patrol
nsp






blogaboutfaqsauthors
eventsshoppatternsthemes




twenty twenty-five

				designed with wordpress 









