


welcome to stronghold nation :: kingdoms are at your service

















































site navigation

home
about

community faq
membership benefits
community guidelines
terms and conditions
privacy policy
competitions terms
contribute to us


games

all games

stronghold
stronghold crusader
stronghold 2
civcity rome
stronghold legends
stronghold kingdoms
stronghold 3
stronghold crusader 2
stronghold warlords


walkthroughs
troubleshoot issues


community

community forums
gaming events
52 weeks of stronghold
our team


history

thru the ages
myths, legends & conspiracies
on this day in history
history quiz


gallery

all images
submit image


downloads

all submissions
submit file
download statistics


contact






castle quote

i do love this castle, so much to explore.
herbalist
stronghold warlords



site search



search game articles
search site downloads
search site gallery
search historical articles
search historical myths






game navigation

mission walkthroughs
discussion forums
screenshots & gallery
scenarios & downloads
history through the ages
myths, legends & mysteries
stronghold
stronghold crusader
stronghold 2
civcity rome
stronghold legends
stronghold kingdoms
stronghold 3
stronghold crusader 2
stronghold warlords



newest gallery images

acre fortress 4
acre fortress 3
acre fortress 2
acre fortress 1
stronghold warlords castle













welcome to stronghold nation!
welcome to the #1 website for stronghold.

your website for more gaming quality awaits, sire.



what is stronghold nation?
stronghold nation is the top site for stronghold. need to see why?

just check our wide range of articles, downloads and highly dedicated staff team.



strongholdnation history section
do you have a passion for the past?

lose yourself in a world of history and rediscover the past today with our exclusive historical glossary.



stronghold nation downloads section
our wide variety of user-created content for all stronghold games is freely available to all visitors.

add your own contributions today!



stronghold nation community forums
our forums are both extremely active and convenient.

here you will find discussion threads, technical support as well as off topic chatter in the inn.



get involved with our community
do you have a passion for stronghold and want to get involved with our community?

click here to find out how you can do exactly that!
















stronghold legends poll: have you ever used the stronghold legends editor?





yes



no


current results

did you know?
on this day in history, 18th february 1943, the "white rose" organization is purged today by nazi gestapo and ss forces. the clandestine group, composed of university of munich students and professors, were ardent opponets of adolf hitler. read more »
article of the week: bogatyr
with comparisons to england's king arthur legend, the bogatyr were a type of elite russian knight formed around the 9th century ad by russian grand pr … read more »
latest news
stronghold crusader: definitive edition demo available
posted on 20th jan 2025

	greetings lords and ladies,


	firefly studios has revealed their plans to release stronghold crusader as a definitive edition on july 15th, 2025. 


	an alpha demo is already available on  for grabs if you want to try the current build (access on  steam, 1.6 gb size).


	much like stronghold 1, this "re-release" aims to provide an experience close to that of the original game, with redone graphics and added content on top. shc:de promises to add the following:



		4 new ai characters
	

		8 new bedouin mercenary units
	

		4 sands of time skirmish trails
	

		a cooperative skirmish trail to battle alone or with a friend against the computer in a series of missions.
	


	in the demo, you can select from two preset skirmish missions with limited tech. there is also a high score list if you want to track your progress.


	it is strictly underlined that contents are liable to change in a later version, and the demo does not represent the final product.

[fixed] failed to initialize the engine' error (windows 11)
posted on 27th dec 2024

	since the 24h2 update rollout for windows 11, the vision engine games (sh3, shc2, shw) have a tendency to throw the error message in the title upon startup. the windows update has been reported to hinder many games from functioning properly, and firefly has also confirmed that they are working on a possible fix.


january 13, 2025 update:


	firefly studios has rolled out an official patch for all three games, resolving the issue. simply update your desired game through steam's built-in updater to receive the changes. you can then re-enable full screen mode from the in-game options.


	the workaround detailed originally should not be needed anymore. should the update not resolve the issues, please contact firefly's official support with the error.


	in case of further questions or need for assistance, please directly message us!


	 




copyright © 2013 - 2025 stronghold nation.
unauthorised copying of any kind is strictly prohibited.
all rights, including images, downloads and articles are reserved.





translate page




















site login



username

password



remember me


not registered yet?
sign in faster





newest articles

village estates
game ranks
stronghold legends ai lords
tent camps
optimal building placements
greetings and easter eggs
advanced invisible units
erasing inside buildings



newest downloads

the tower of ice v4
[mrt]team 3vs1 (big castle)
[mrt] 2 worlds war
[mrt]3vs1 hard badle
[mrt] let's=go 'to war'
[mrt]wolf land
[mrt] the doom =2v2=
[mrt]circule badle feald 2v2
[mrt]-arena badle'2vs2'
[mrt]line badle 2v2 dyfense






terms and conditions - privacy policy
copyright © 2013 stronghold nation. all rights reserved.




