





united salad

































1.800.452.2481
☰ menu

about
products
foodservice
facilities
food safety
employment
resources
contact
 











order












fresh from the home front
from our door to yours









duck delivery now part of united salad
as of october 1, duck delivery is part of united salad









join the united salad family
we provide the best delivery of the top products









80 years...
and growing









united we serve
from our people to yours









relationships grown here











united salad is your source for fresh produce and a wide field of other grocery and foodservice products—delivered fast. family-owned (80 years & growing), we promise you first-class service, quality selection, and friendly pricing. we serve the west coast from seattle to redding, ca, with everything in between (portland, or). that’s us.
 
join the united salad family!
place an order   order now
become a customer  join







family run
for generations
the spada family has run this business from day one, starting with a flatbed truck and bathtub nearly 80 years ago. serving customers is in our blood, an ingredient in our dna. learn more about our history.
 






from us to you.
we source and deliver fresh produce and a full line of grocery products to customers all over the pacific northwest. beyond providing the best in conventional and organic produce, we offer a vast selection of custom-cut fruits and vegetables as well as grocery, dairy, floral, and dry goods.

grocery, dairy, and dry line products for your daily needs.
fresh cut-to-order fruits and vegetables.
full meal replacement options and usda ready to eat products.
state-of-the-art refrigerated trucks and warehouses.
full merchandiser support teams to help fill your needs.
customer support staff available 7 days a week.
haccp, organic certified (oregon tilth) and sqf certified.

read more








25
local farms


80+
routes daily


400
employees


120
trucks






who we serve
our customers include leading national grocery chains, independent grocery stores, restaurants, schools, and other institutions. every customer we serve is unique. we’re flexible and can adjust to your particular needs—with easy ordering, robust systems, and rigorous safety procedures that set us apart.
fresh from the world
united salad co. is one of the largest produce distribution companies in the pacific northwest. our expansive state-of-the-art refrigerated warehouses receive fresh produce seven days a week from local farmers as well as growers from all over the globe.
safety assured
once received, every item is closely inspected (usda inspector on site) to ensure it meets our sqf standards, the highest food safety certification in our industry. with our high volume, our inventory gets constant turns to ensure the finest quality for our customers – with superior appearance and garden fresh taste.
learn more about our safety program. read more



locations
from our locations in portland, sumner and bend we serve a wide region:

oregon
washington
idaho
alaska

it would be an honor to serve you!
fresh, fast, and friendly to our environment





▼ instagram feed












do you remember spring? it’s just around the cor






grape import levels have increased, with outstandi






united salad co. is proud to be a participant at t






right now is a great time for local organic bunchi






organic donut peaches are available. also called s



 











it's all about our customers
“”
some of the best produce i've found. it makes for a near farm-to-table experience at home
–john, local portland home chef











▼ news




newsletter 12.17.24

star fruit. the exotic taste of the tropics has la...






newsletter 12.10.24

hami melons. nothing says delicious like a fresh t...






newsletter 11.19.24

brussels sprouts. thanksgiving is almost here, and...






order












about
products
foodservice
facilities
food safety
employment
resources
contact
 
 

 

 

 



united salad co, 8448 ne 33rd dr, portland, or 97211   |   1.800.452.2481

© 2025 united salad co. | web design by pipe & tabor, llc






about
products
foodservice
facilities
food safety
employment
resources
contact
 

1.800.452.2481
order


x close









