










baja adventure travel: #1 baja ecolodge all-incl. 6-day packages























































click to call!
bajaspiriteco@gmail.com















home
about
tour

whale shark ecotours
gray whale ecotours


ecolodge
reviews
baja blogs
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 

















life-changing ecotour adventures whale watching ecolodge vacations in baja california


formerly known as baja airventures
same great company, tours & owners
just with a new name!

explore

now booking our " best of baja whales, dolphins & sea lions tour: feb. - april '25


db+









as featured in:












experience the nature & beauty of
baja adventure travel



xmas & new year trips still open. call today






happy guests served




years in business since 1989




tripadvisor 5 year hall of fame award




protected national preserves and unesco world heritage site









choose your bucket-list vacation from our seasonal baja adventure travel:





august-november




baja whale shark ecotours
our 6-day all-inclusive baja adventure travel whale shark snorkeling bucket list experience with whale sharks, sea lions, and dolphins. wake up on a remote beach in your own ecolodge in bahia de las animas and eat fresh food caught and prepared by amazing local staff on this one-of-a-kind trip.




learn more



february-april




"best of baja" gray whale ecotours
the only baja adventure travel tour to explore both the pacific with up-close gray whale encounters, and enjoy the pristine sea of cortez at our pristine boat in ecolodge location. an all-inclusive week of adventure and relaxation, and memories that last a lifetime.




learn more



nov – jan, may-june




private ecolodge vacations
book your own private baja ecolodge stay for couples, families, travelers, special events and retreats. enjoy this untouched boat-in location, turquoise ocean, fresh caught and cooked meals, and attentive local staff in bahia de las animas. xmas & new year trips still open – call today




learn more

























db+


our mission at baja spirit ecoutours is to combine soft baja adventure travel with excellent service, experienced naturalist and safety.














about us:

founded in 1989 by kevin warren as “baja airventures,” now called baja spirit ecotours (same top-ranked great company and owners). since then, with the help of his wife, carolina – baja spirit has gone on to bring thousands of guests to one of the most untouched and beautiful destinations in the world – only a scenic 6.5-hour drive along the sea of cortez from san diego, california.
for 3 decades, we’ve been driven by the fulfillment of bringing people to this unique, boat-in-only location on the sea of cortez. we’re known for our small group baja adventure travel and ecotourism tours with experienced baja naturalists and field biologists where strangers become friends, with a high percentage of returning guests, and word-of-mouth referrals. 
in addition to our commitment to help preserve the wilderness here and cultivating a deeper appreciation and respect for nature, we are proud to bring opportunity to our incredible and loyal mexican staff and support the local economy.

read our story









our award winning, all-inclusive ecolodge
in bahía de las animas









• our location features 8 beachside yurts and a central lodge, on a pristine beach in the sea of cortez.
• only boat-in ecolodge in all of baja
• incredibly abundant and diverse region where the desert meets the sea, said to “rival the galapagos”
• located in a unesco world heritage site
• on the isla de golfo de california marine preserve
• in the valle de los cirios desert preserve (largest biosphere preserve in latin america)
• official dark-sky site location (amazing stargazing)
• only a 6.5 hour scenic drive from san diego along the incredible sea of cortez  ( included in our all-inclusive ecotour trip packages)
• experienced baja naturalists and field biologists
 

learn more









4.9 stars on tripadvisor, 180+ ratings


#1 specialty lodging in baja mexico!








las anmas ecolodge is a great remote location, like being on a desert island. food was excellent, yurts were very comfortable, and the scenery was incredible. we kayaked, snorkeled with sea lions, hiked the beautiful surrounding area and generally had a good time.
jim & kathy
★★★★★










there is nothing in this world like snorkeling with these magnificent behemoths…
they (whale sharks) are gentle creatures… a once-in-a-lifetime encounter will happen (or many more, in our case).
matt 
★★★★★







my daughter and i had a great trip last month with baja spirit. we saw almost too many gray whales to count in the first two days of the trip. and las animas was remote and beautiful, lots of good food and conversation. best trip ever! can’t wait to travel with baja spirit again to swim with the whale sharks!
janet
★★★★★






more reviews







call kevin now to answer your questions or to make reservations







1-619-421-2235











hear about great baja adventure travel news & deals  
don't miss out on exclusive deals each year. be the first to hear about new baja adventure travel ecotour dates, availability, and stay up to date with baja spirit!





thanks for signing up! please check your inbox for a confirmation email now.



name



email





sign up











db+





 







 © 2008-2023; copyright by baja airventures. all rights reserved.| brand development by wayfinders media 








hover over a message to pin it
keep
ankit singh (xwf)
10:02 am


































