


    


home - the gingerbread mansion



















































400 berding street, ferndale, ca 95536 • ph 707-786-4000innkeeper@thegingerbreadmansion.com








guestrooms

view guestrooms
guestroom (ada)
amenities & services
check rates
rooms comparison


food & wine

afternoon tea and wine


specials

terms & conditions
packages & discounts


celebrations

weddings
birthdays & anniversaries
tea room


ferndale

about redwoods
around town
location & directions


check rates

best available rates
gift certificates


history
hotel policies
photo gallery




















 





























































































































gingerbread mansion video
 






the ring house, more recently known as the gingerbread mansion bed and breakfast inn, is one of california’s most photographed and published historic homes.
-oldhouses.com








most photographed inn
in california








specials



 go to specials page







xperience the warmth of our renowned hospitality in the romantic setting of the high victorian era. a four diamond inn, the gingerbread mansion is nestled in the heart of the historic town of ferndale, between breathtaking northern california redwoods & the lost coast beaches. here, travelers are enveloped in a unique mix of nature’s charm, and luxurious accommodations.
retreat from the everyday to relax in our beautifully and uniquely appointed rooms. revel in the enchantment of afternoon tea, our delightful amenities, and gourmet breakfasts. celebrate and create beautiful memories in the beautiful setting of the gingerbread mansion.










experience a fine tradition

why choose gingerbread mansion?

11 luxurious suites

with private bathrooms, enclosed shower, some with claw foot tubs

best values

fresh homemade breakfast, afternoon tea with wine, and appetizers included in room rate

tea room

with delectable menu available for any special occasion

quality

the only 4 diamond bed and breakfast in the county











our sister sites





lost coast ranch



now open to the public for the first time in its long history, the magnificent lost coast ranch, a truly unique and spectacular property, is the perfect destination for your wedding, wedding reception, honeymoon, family reunion, corporate retreat or any number of filming requirements.










awards & reviews








to see more of our guest testimonials

 go to reviews page



 













branding, site-design, & photography by valeriuscreative.com



gingerbread mansion copyright © 2023 all rights reserved web design by ait inc.



 





the owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. this site uses the wp ada compliance check plugin to enhance accessibility.













