


charlie's cq room









 
k5mbx pages 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 


 
see what i have for auction on e-bay!

xyl pages
 
 

 

 
 
 
see what i have for auction on e-bay!

 



  
k5mbx - 1961
formerly w5sgt, w0lni, & k5mbx
 
about me: hello and welcome to my homepage. i'm charlie hugg and i live in abilene, texas. abilene is located almost exactly in the middle of texas. i was born and raised in amarillo, texas. i have been a radio amateur since 1961. my first call sign was k5mbx, which changed to w0lni when i moved to mexico, missouri for a short while. when i moved back to texas i became w5sgt. i have since got my original call sign back.
my elmer in amateur radio was a fellow i met in the 6th grade by the name of docc miles jonsson. he sparked my interest in amateur radio, first as a short wave listener. he had a hallicrafters s-38 e and helped me to find my first short wave receiver, a hallicrafters s-38 c. he got his general class license in 1960, and then gave me my novice test in january 1961. i got my general class in the summer of 1961. i was an active amateur radio operator through jr. high and high school, but became somewhat inactive during my college days. 
in high school, i worked part time at a couple of radio stations in amarillo, kcho and kvii-fm, as an announcer. when i graduated from high school i went to vocational school for about a year studying electronics. in late 1966 i moved to mexico,. missouri to work full time as an announcer at kxeo/kwwr-fm. i stayed there about a year and returned to amarillo to attend college. in 1976 i obtained a graduate degree in psychology from abilene christian university and started my career at abilene state school. in 1978 i got back into amateur radio, and have been active ever since. i passed the advance test in 1982 and finally got my extra class license about seven years ago. i have earned my dxcc with over 280 countries confirmed, wac, was, etc. my tenten # is 1367. 
in 1972 i married a wonderful woman. her name is sandi, and she has been a great companion to me for over 40 years and she has supported me in my hobby. in fact she became a ham in july of 2000. her call is k5hug. she is the computer expert in our family and is responsible for developing this webpage. we have one child, a daughter, andrea who lives in florida. 
while working at abilene state supported living center, i served as a staff psychologist, assistant chief of psychological services, director of quality assurance and director of human resource services. in 1998 i retired and have been enjoying the great hobby of amateur radio more than ever. i spend most of my time collecting, restoring, and operating vintage american-made amateur radio equipment. i am also active in volunteer work with the abilene state supported living center. 
gear that i am most interested in include: collins, hallicrafters, national, rme, hammarlund, johnson viking, central electronics, signal one, heathkit, drake, world radio laboraties (wrl) and others dating from the 1920s to the 1980s.
charlie, k5mbx
sandi, k5hug
(325) 677-3675
k5mbx@hug-a-bug.com




 

 






























