




  





	corps of cadets association






























 donate
 become a member
 log in
 contact us


 







homeaboutabout our associationboard of directorscca staffhollingsworth 1876 societycharity ratingsannual reportcorporate informationformer cadet directorygivingbecome a membermember levels & benefitsrenew membershipsponsor a membershipmatching giftsgive in honor/in memorygive for a special purposeone-time donationhollingsworth 1876 society partnershipspublicationsannual reportparent handbookpresident's quarterly updatesthe ross reviewread the guidonread the guidon - quad editionexcerpts from the guidonprograms & eventsour programsboot danceboot loan programcorps hall of honorrally to the guidonssenior dining outwhistle jockswomen's 50th celebrationnewscalendarphotosvideoshistorical archiveslest we forgetthe corpstexas a&m campus mapcorps of cadets website2023-2024 state of the corpsflag and general officersfightin' texas aggie bandfish drill teamparsons mounted cavalryross volunteersrudder's rangersaffiliatesrelated linksparsons mounted cavalry associationross volunteer associationtexas aggie band associationcoursescorps values trailerwe the people trailercourse homeshopcca online storecca quad storebecome a member























promote. preserve. perpetuate.


















join the cca

                                support a national treasure
                            









who we are

                                the largest source of private funding for corps programs and events.
                            









programs & events

                                50+ cca sponsored cadet programs
                            









corporate sponsors

                                thank you to our sponsors.
                            











newsclass of '25 senior dining outeach year, in the spring semester, senior dining out (sdo) marks the end of an era. the seniors wear their uniforms for one of the last times and join in the celebration of four successful years in the corps of cadets. ol’ ags reminisce with each other and share stories of ol’ army days with the cadets of today. the ceremony for the evening is a blend of aggie traditions and military protocol. the evening culminates with the presentation of cadet awards and the handing out of sdo challenge coins. the event is attended by senior cadets, distinguished visitors, and cca members (reveille & above).more informationnewssave the date for rally to the guidonsthe 17th annual rally to the guidons will be november 22, 2025 (a&m vs samford). rally your buddies and make plans to join us!
registration will open in the summer. 
 newswomen in the corps - celebrating 50 yearsjanuary 31 - february 2
thank you for joining us as we celebrate those who were first to forge the way through those who continue the tradition today.  who was there?pictures from the weekendnewswe the peoplebeing a member of the texas a&m corps of cadets demands development as a good citizen, and a key element of good citizenship is familiarity with the united states constitution. narrated by former white house chief of staff andrew h. card, jr., this course is designed to provide a broad overview of the context, structure, and effect of this important document. take the course yourself and recommend it to a friend.start the course

















experience the pulse of the corps through our publications

                                through our three quarterly publications, supporters can stay up-to-date with both the corps and the cca. whether you're a parent, a former cadet, an ol' ag, 
                                or someone who simply believes in our mission, through reading inspirational speeches, stories highlighting cadets, programs, and those who give back along 
                                with updates from our president and ceo, you will gain an understanding of why the texas a&m corps of cadets is a national treasure. find out how to stay 
                                connected to the quad with each publication below. 
                            

the guidon magazine
the ross review
president's quarterly update











thank you to our corporate sponsors

                            if you are interested in becoming a corporate sponsor of the cca, please contact our office at 
                            contact@corpsofcadets.org or 979-221-1998.
                        












back to top






1134 finfeather road
bryan, tx 77803-3823
contact@corpsofcadets.org
979-221-1998



                        the texas aggie corps of cadets association is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
                    

copyright ©  corps of cadets association







aboutabout our associationboard of directorscca staffhollingsworth 1876 societycharity ratingsannual reportcorporate informationformer cadet directorygivingbecome a membermember levels & benefitsrenew membershipsponsor a membershipmatching giftsgive in honor/in memorygive for a special purposeone-time donationhollingsworth 1876 society partnershipspublicationsannual reportparent handbookpresident's quarterly updatesthe ross reviewread the guidonread the guidon - quad editionexcerpts from the guidonprograms & eventsour programsboot danceboot loan programcorps hall of honorrally to the guidonssenior dining outwhistle jockswomen's 50th celebrationnewscalendarphotosvideoshistorical archiveslest we forgetthe corpstexas a&m campus mapcorps of cadets website2023-2024 state of the corpsflag and general officersfightin' texas aggie bandfish drill teamparsons mounted cavalryross volunteersrudder's rangersaffiliatesrelated linksparsons mounted cavalry associationross volunteer associationtexas aggie band associationcoursescorps values trailerwe the people trailercourse homeshopcca online storecca quad storecontact uscontact ustwitterfacebookinstagramyoutubeflickr




