




misty valley inn – olympic national park bed & breakfast in forks



































 









homeroomsthe dutch/lighthouse suitesthe irish suitethe french suitethe english suitethe rialto suitethe areahomeroomsthe dutch/lighthouse suitesthe irish suitethe french suitethe english suitethe rialto suitethe areaofferingsbreakfastpackagesgift certificatesaboutgallerydirectionspoliciescontacthomeroomsthe dutch / lighthouse suitesthe irish suitethe french suitethe english suitethe rialto suitethe areaofferingsbreakfastpackagesgift shopgift certificatescomphy sheetsaboutgallerydirectionspoliciescontactbook nowhomeroomsthe dutch / lighthouse suitesthe irish suitethe french suitethe english suitethe rialto suitethe areaofferingsbreakfastpackagesgift shopgift certificatescomphy sheetsaboutgallerydirectionspoliciescontactbook nowbook now

a forks, washington bed & breakfastmisty valley innbook nowmisty valley inn your home while visiting the olympic peninsula  nestled on a ridge in the rain forest, the misty valley inn is a bed & breakfast set in a modern 6000 square foot stone and cedar home. a magnificent view of the sol duc meadows, tree-lined river, an occasional elusive elk or maybe even a bull elk await guests. modern furniture and wall art are set off by the hand rubbed natural woods, rock work and unusual lighting. our roomsview our roomsbreakfastview our menugetting heredirections

local activities explore the areamisty valley inn is a distinctive lodging option located close to olympic national park, lake crescent, sol duc hot springs, the hoh rain forest, the pacific ocean (rialto beach and lapush) and forks, washington, the home of the “twilight” book series. olympic national park forks is the perfect place for experiencing the natural wonders of the olympic peninsula’s west endflyfishingwashington’s olympic peninsula also offers superb fly fishing for large native steelhead, salmon, sea run cutthroat and dolly varden. the coastvisit rialto, ruby, lapush, and kalaloch beaches on the pacific coast. view the area




location3.4mifrom town28mifrom olympic national park14.6mifrom the coast




what our guests say:




the misty valley inn is without a doubt the best b&b we have ever stayed at. tim and tricia are the perfect hosts, they are attentive, warm, kind and extremely helpful. the entire inn is meticulously clean, the bedding is amazing, towels are of the highest quality and our room, the dutch suite, was spectacular. the views from the balcony are breathtaking. breakfast is a three course feast! the pancakes are incredible, the moroccan omelet is awesome, the baked goods are amazing. frankly, i’m not sure why we ever left. finally, the surrounding area, including the hoh rain forest, ruby beach and the tree of life are spectacular. i can’t find enough words of praise for this magnificent place. misty valley inn, we will be back!george rimalowerdelightful stay. tricia and mvi team accommodated a short notice 2-night stay for me and my husband. the check-in process was very easy, paid over the phone and received texts with check-in information.breakfast with dorinda was sublime. choose your own breakfast from a menu and it will be waiting for you when you wake up. coffee, orange juice, cinnamon rolls, berry compotes, with healthy servings of biscuits and gravy (option 1), bacon and eggs with toast (option 2), and eggs and sausage. they have gluten free and vegan options too.my favorite things were the bed (english suite has a cozy king bed) and the luxurious robes w the en-suite bathroom. the electric fireplace made for a perfect warm night in.the treats of cupcakes, lemon bars and brownies were a pleasant surprise in the afternoon after hiking and we enjoyed them immensely! loved watching the wildlife at the dining table too.about 25 minutes to rialto beach, 5 minutes to forks, 20 minutes to mora campground.it is a charming bnb with the special touches that make these places fun to return to. the best lodging in forks! note that the home is just north of town, but a 5 mins drive to town.melody smith


misty valley inn, inc. 194894 highway 101po box 1817forks, wa 98331360-374-9389mistyinn@olynet.comcopyright © 2021 misty valley inn, inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | accessibility statement














