




 



mosdal scale systems | feed & scale systems


























































 mosdal scale systems, inc.
toll free 866-667-3259 | email us

 









mosdal scale systems, inc.



about us

mosdal scale systems, inc.
contact us
about us


products

smart cart
auger cart
mixer cart
multi-feed system
rock shaft for sheep, pig & calves
rock shaft for cattle
custom manufacturing


gallery

gallery
blog











 








ingenuity
		




quality
		




flexibility
		










custom dimensions
		




add a scale
		




add a feed auger
		


 


 






 ingenuity & flexibility

your friends at mosdal scale systems have been building custom engineered equipment to simplify your livestock weighing and feed handling challenges since 1976. we have the knowledge and skills to help you take your organization to the next level.  flexible production techniques allow our feed carts, auger carts and scales to be optimized for use in your facilities. whether you have narrow aisles, small doorways, low ceilings, tight corners, slatted floors or rough terrain, we build to your needs.at mosdal scale systems, we continually create new and innovative solutions for your unique challenges. check out our powerful filter-less weigh-back vacuum cleaner to help you easily account for any unconsumed feed without the maintenance hassle of cleaning clogged filters. or consider our low-deck, dual-purpose rockshaft scales for cattle, pigs, or sheep that enclose all electronic components in a single, easily removable hanging scale (nema 4x/ip66-rated stainless steel enclosure). these scales can weigh your animals in a squeeze chute/cage or they can weigh your round-bales, feed buckets, calves, or anything else you can hang in a sling or on a hook from a front-end loader or barn rafter.
quality


 our products are durable and reliable. with origins in farming and ranching, we at mosdal scale systems know and appreciate an animal’s ability to damage equipment, so we always over-design our products. we’re committed to building equipment that exceeds your expectations. if it says “mosdal” on the side, you can rest assured that it’s built tough enough to take a lot of abuse for many years to come. many of feed carts are still used today after nearly 30 years in service.
service

as a small company we can make an extra effort to get to know our customers and their needs. by listening to our customers, we are continually able to adapt our products to fit their changing needs. contact us with your unique challenges today. if you haven’t found a solution, then you simply haven’t contacted us yet. we are always willing to create custom built equipment for our customers.






get your quote today
contact us today to receive your quote. 

contact us!

















copyright © 2014 mosdal scale systems, inc.

scroll to top






googlef316f213a471c294.html













