

bela-lugosi




		<$blogrsdurl$>
		
		















bela-lugosi
a site dedicated to the memory of actor bela lugosi, easily the most prominent vampire of all time.





			  [home]  [europe]  [usa]  [films]  [links]bela lugosi1882-1956bela lugosi is known and loved for his portrayal of dracula. his stage names include olt arisztid and arisztid olt, though he was born in october of 1882, in what was then hungry, as be'la ferenc dezso blasko. he started performing in movies in 1917. he immigrated to the united states in the early 1920s, where his real fame began. he became a u.s. citizen during the depths of the depression in 1931.his life, though, was far from perfect. it included four marriages, three of which failed, bouts of poverty (or at least financial difficulties), and a drug addiction severe enough to require hospitalization. his film work toward the end of his life was of dubious quality, including plan 9 from outer space (1959), which was directed by ed wood and is often hailed as the worst motion picture ever made.his death in august of 1956 was attributed to a heart attack, but morphine addiction most likely played an important part in his demise. he was buried in vampire costume at his request.he is remembered today not for his later works, but for his portrayal of dracula. he has been immortalized in many ways, including the bauhaus song "bela lugosi's dead" (note that this is often misspelled as lagosi instead of lugosi).please visit our links:bela lugosi in europea brief review of bela's life as a youth and young man before he came to america.bela lugosi in the united statesa short summary of lugosi's life in the states, both sordid and spectacular.bela lugosi filmographya long list of films in which bela lugosi has appeared.bela lugosi linkslinks to some other sites that have good bela contentand please make sure to visit our sponsor: the vampire's daughter






this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.





please visit my sponsors

the vampire's daughter an ongoing story about a girl that is taken in by the vampire that killed her mother






cool vampire links a site full of reviewed vampire links.





free vampire stories this is a site where you can read vampire stories and submit your vampire stories for publishing.






















click here to learn how to drive free traffic to your site!







 

vampire  vampire the vampire's daughter the vampire's daughter daughter daughter blood  blood lust lust blood lust blood lust children of the night children of the  night dark dark dark shaddows dark shaddows novel novel story story bella lagosi  bella lagosi vanpire vanpire child of darkness child of darkness vampire bat  vampire bat masquerade masquerade night night count dracula count dracula the  dark prince the dark prince embrace embrace sire sire midnight midnight blood  sucker blood sucker vamp vamp vampire vampire the vampire's daughter the  vampire's daughter daughter daughter blood blood lust lust blood lust blood lust children of the night children of the night dark dark dark shaddows dark shaddows novel novel story story bella lagosi bella lagosi vanpire vanpire child of darkness child of darkness vampire bat vampire bat masquerade masquerade night night count dracula count dracula the dark prince the dark prince embrace embrace sire sire midnight midnight blood sucker blood sucker vamp vamp vampire vampire the vampire's daughter the vampire's daughter daughter daughter blood blood lust lust blood lust blood lust children of the night children of the night dark dark dark shaddows dark shaddows novel novel story story bella lagosi bella lagosi vanpire vanpire child of darkness child of darkness vampire bat vampire bat masquerade masquerade night night count dracula the dark prince embrace count dracula the dark prince embrace sire sire midnight midnight blood sucker blood sucker bella lagosi dracula photos heroin junkie track marks photos wayne cashman articles bella lagosi dracula photos heroin junkie track marks photos wayne cashman articles vamp vamp update bela-lugosi






