 






secretary of finance










    














skip to main content






 



secretary of finance
stephen e. cummings























 menu




home

about usagency informationkey documents

master reports list
joint money committee presentations
misc. presentations
pptra
jmc archives








secretary of finance



                secretary of finance
           







what we do













the secretary of finance provides guidance to the four key agencies within the finance secretariat. these agencies handle all the financial transactions of the commonwealth — from collecting taxes to paying bills and distributing aid to localities.
their responsibilities include:

forecasting and collecting revenues
managing the commonwealth’s cash and investments
selling bonds
overseeing internal audits
making strategic financial plans
preparing and executing the commonwealth’s budget.

view secretary of finance organizational chart








































 secretary of finance


about usagency informationkey documents



site resources

website feedback
web privacy policy
foia
accessibility
site map
translation disclaimer



stay connected

                  secretary of financestephen e. cummingsp.o. box 1475richmond, va 23218804-786-2211email the secretariat










translation disclaimer




what is google translate?

                    google translate is a third-party service provided by google that performs all translations directly and dynamically. by detecting patterns in documents that have already been translated by human translators, google
                    translate can make intelligent guesses as to what an appropriate translation should be. this process of seeking patterns in large amounts of text is called “statistical machine translation”. since the translations are
                    generated by machines, not all translation will be perfect. the more human-translated documents that google translate can analyze in a specific language, the better the translation quality will be. this is why
                    translation accuracy will vary across languages.
                
disclaimer

                    the virginia information technologies agency (vita) website is providing the “google translate” option to assist you in reading the website in languages other than english. for these translations, reasonable efforts have
                    been made to provide an accurate translation, however, no automated translation is perfect nor is it intended to replace human translators. these translations are provided as a service to users of the vita website, and
                    are provided "as is." no warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, is made as to the accuracy, reliability, or correctness of any of these translations made from english into any other language. some content
                    (such as images, videos, flash, etc.) may not be accurately translated due to the limitations of the translation software.
                

                    any discrepancies or differences created in translating this content from english into another language are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance, enforcement, or any other purpose. if any questions arise
                    related to the accuracy of the information contained in these translations, please refer to the english version of the website.
                

                    if you have any questions about google translate, please visit the 
                    
                        google translate website
                    
                    .
                

                    if you have any issues with google translate, please visit 
                    
                        http://translate.google.com/support/
                    
                    .
                



close


















