
















truegrid homepage








a mesh generator and pre-processor for fea and cfd analysis




the popular truegrid® at home
                policy in response to the covid-19 pandemic has been extended
		indefinitely. if you or your company owns a valid
		license of truegrid® and it is under
		maintenance, you can request a 90 day free license so that you
		can continue with your work at home at no extra cost. to receive
		this temporary license, email us at info@truegrid.com. ask for
		the covid-19 temporary license and include your company name.




check out the new demonstration videos








product information
    
licensing
export
import
availability
faq's


product features
    
projection method
multi-block structure
parametric & scripting
transitions & assemblies
geometry library
a quality mesh
automation
pre-processing


services
    
tech support
training
training videos
consulting


demonstrations
  
truegrid gallery
customer comments
trial license


publications
  
validation and verification
world trade center
finite element analysis
crash worthiness
shape optimization and parametric modeling
hydrodynamics
electrodynamics
fluids and structures
computational fluid dynamics
monte carlo methods
biomechanical






if javascript is disabled view site map for navigation links.








truegrid® version 4.0.0 linux (made using kernel 2.6.18-92) and windows now available
a newer linux version (made using red hat enperprise 7.5) will be available soon. view the release notes for the full list of features and changes.






truegrid® trial license
try truegrid®'s fully functional trial license risk free for 60 days. find out how.












large-eddy simulation of flow through a novel vascular access device for hemodialysis access
by  aleksandr obabko, argonne national laboratory, eduard tsyrulnykov, kenvelo llc, robert rainsberger,
		xyz scientic applications, alvaro v. torreira, hassan nagib, illinois institute of technology, anil agarwal,
		ohio state university, paul f. fischer, university of illinois at urbana-champaign.
		generated using truegrid® and simulated using nek5000.
                see abstract and presentation view graphs.
		click on picture to see mjep movie.







light unibody composite structures
the combination of the homogeneous essentially unidirectional composite developed by steven tsai at stanford and the unique lattice structure designed in  truegrid® forms a composite structure that is 1/4 the weight of aluminum. the new book "composite laminates: theory and practice of analysis, design and layup" by s. w. tsai and associates contains the details of this proprietary method.







pre-processor to more than 30 analysis codes
truegrid® is compatible with today's most popular simulation codes including abaqus, ansys, ls-dyna and nastran.  in addition to generating the mesh for these simulation codes, truegrid® has pre-processing applications as well.  truegrid® generates control parameters, options, loads, contact surfaces, and conditions.  element type, section, and material properties can also be specified.







3d hex and 2d quad meshes
with truegrid®, users have complete control over the design of their mesh.  all meshes are composed of block structured hex or quad grids.  truegrid® has an integrated library of element shapes which include 3d hex, prism, pyramid, and tet bricks; 2d quad and triangular shells; 1d beams; and special elements such as springs, dampers and point masses.  3d, 2d, and 1d elements can be linear or quadratic.







structure-fluid interface
truegrid®'s block structured approach and projection method allows users to create a mesh for either fluids or structures.  in addition, this technique makes it easy to build a structure that matches the faces of a fluid, forming a perfect interface between fluids and structures.  this method allows truegrid® to embed one mesh inside another.







features for assemblies
truegrid®'s assembly features allow users to build complex models.  the block boundary feature ensures exact interface between parts.  transitioning between dissimilar parts is automatic and guarantees the same block boundary precision.  parts are easily replicated to form complex assemblies from simple components.  the include feature can be envoked to re-use template parts. 







adapts to different types of geometry
the truegrid® projection method conforms the mesh to the shape of the geometry.  this geometry can come from many sources including iges, stl or polygon data files, as well as other non-standard forms of geometry such as biological data, survey data or digital laser-scanned data. with truegrid®'s smart geometry features the geometry does not have to be perfect; gaps and overlaps are automatically cleaned-up.  import your own geometry or access truegrid®'s vast geometry library.







parametric capabilities
truegrid® can be used both interactively and with a scripting file. the scripting language allows models to be continually redefined as the understanding of the problem evolves.  parameters, algebraic formulas, conditional statements, looping constructs, array processing, and user defined functions are all part of the scripting language.  combined with the include feature, the scripting language becomes a programming language in geometry and mesh generation.







customer support
your truegrid® license comes with a complete support package.  users have access to extensive documentation including a two volume user's manual with over 1,000 colored diagrams and a comprehensive examples manual.  you have direct access to expert truegrid® users who are ready to help you with your question or problem.  bug reports are  appreciated and promptly addressed - experts will help you work around or have it fixed within days of the report.








home | 
	contact | 
	about xyz | 
	site map | 
	trade mark |
busniess accounting |
	

copyright © xyz scientific applications, inc. 2021 all rights reserved
2255 morello ave. suite 220, pleasant hill, ca 94523  phone:(925)349-6318  fax:(925)826-5745  e-mail:info@truegrid.com







