



	baypay


























+1 (415) 723-1688
mon - fri 10:00 ~ 19:00
























                                                    home

about
apis

                                                    contact
login

                                                    language


english


正體中文


简体中文


日本語


한국어

























manage your assetson the blockchain with  baypay's pay-as-you-go saas apis. contact us
















the complete toolkit for blockchain businessbaypay’s meticulously designed apis and unmatched functionality help you create the best possible product for your users.  












tokenwhether it's creating loyalty programs, vouchers for retail stores, rewards for e-commerce stores, or authentic cards for luxury goods. you can expand your business by tokenized products or services on the blockchain.











walletwe believe that wallet is a problem rooted in user experience, rather than privacy or protection. we obsessively seek out a balance between the need for centralized management and the freedom of the decentralized ownership. since we've eliminated needless complexity and extraneous details like private keys or gas fee, you can get up and running with our wallet api in just a few minutes.











cashierthe cashier is an endpoint to accept assets on the blockchain in exchange products or services in retails. baypay provides the apis to show the value of the assets, verify the results of the transaction, cash out the assets, and deposit that money into merchants' bank accounts.  



















mint your token  increase revenue whether you’re looking to reward members for their purchasing, give free vouchers or coupons to new customers, set up gift certificates for marketplace, or simply sell tickets, do it all with a fully integrated, global platform that can support online and in-person transactions.contact us















help your usersspend your tokensintegrate your business with our apis, enable each of your user with a secured wallet without worry about private key protection nor gas fee tipping.contact us










 227+
erc20 support







 6+
chains support





 52+
erc721 support
















cash out everywhereshops can accept your tokens as a payment tool, then baypay will help shops cash your tokens. not only do you not need to sign a contract with the store, but also reduce your cooperation costs.











retailsstores、shops











merchantmarket place、 restaurant











onlinee-commerce、app














reasonable pricing model$99 you can mint a standard erc20 token.1 cent per month for each wallet hosted in our services.2% for each token cash out.


contact usor call  +1(415)723-1688
















                                        contact us

+1 (415) 723-1688
help@baypay.com






                                        our services
                                    

apis






                                        quick link
                                    

privacy policy
terms of use











                                        singapore


                                    














                                        copyright ©
                                        all rights reserved | powered by baypay® 
 
                                        



                                        copyright ©
                                        all rights reserved | this template is made with by colorlib



















交易成功

×



                            ...
                        

close









































×





approve
reject








