






























    gifts, framing, repair | wilmington, nc | fidler’s gallery
  














                  

expert in framing, clocks and clock repairs since 1978 call us today: (910) 762-2001
 info@fidlersgallery.com304 nutt st., the cotton exchange, wilmington, nc 28403     




  

join our vip club for special offers


  

call us today: (910) 763-0338


   please call to schedule your clock repair. do not bring your clocks by until you have a scheduled appointment.






        home



  picture framing



  gift shop



  wrigley's clocks and watch repair



  coupons



  contact us











    
 





          conveniently located in
downtown wilmington parking available - ask us to validate your ticket


      









      conveniently located in
downtown wilmington parking available - ask us to validate your ticket please call to schedule your clock repair. do not bring your clocks by until you have a scheduled appointment.



      









      fidler’s gallery, picture framing, wrigley’s clocks and watch repair! 



   we are a one-stop-shop for all of your gift-giving, picture framing, 
and clock repair needs. get your wedding picture framed at fidler’s gallery and framing, repair that antique grandfather's clock at wrigley's clocks, or find the perfect, unique present for that special someone in our huge gift shop. from wall art to statues, shop our large inventory of home decor and gifts and be sure to check back frequently because we are constantly updating our inventory! we are a staple of downtown wilmington, n.c., handling various framing requirements and clock and watch concerns. serving all of wilmington and surrounding areas, we cater to the demands of art and time.our aim is customer satisfaction, and we ensure the same by offering competitive prices and quality service. contact us now to see how we can help you.we provide framing, painting, clock repairs and related services. we have an annual frame sale and sell clocks of all major brands. you can visit our display gallery that sprawls over 4,000 square feet and take advantage of our products and services. if you can’t come to us, do not worry; we will come to you. we make house calls, and we can repair your clocks in no time. we also offer an in-home picture hanging service.our aim is customer satisfaction, and we ensure the same by offering competitive prices and quality service. contact us now to see how we can help you.


    


  


  







      experienced clock repair fidler's gallery and framing and wrigley's clocks is the result of a merger of two family owned and  operated businesses. fidler's gallery and framing has been in business since 1978 but was bought by wrigley's clocks' owners garry hayward and family in 1993. wrigley's clocks has been in business since 1982. the company originally started out in new jersey and later moved to wilmington, n.c.at fidler's gallery and framing and wrigley's clocks, we are extremely dedicated to the services we provide. by merging the two businesses, we now have the opportunity to provide customers with a wide range of products and services. in addition to clock repairs and customized framing, we offer in-home picture hanging and more.
  







   call us today!
910-762-2001






         browse our website     home



  picture framing



  gift shop



  wrigley's clocks and watch repair



  coupons



  contact us






 contact information phone:
(910) 762-2001e-mail:
info@fidlersgallery.comaddress: 
304 nutt st., the cotton exchange, wilmington, nc 28403  hours of operation:    mon - sat
 10:00 am 
- 4:30 pm


 sunday
closed



    




  

join our vip club for special offers


 visit our location  

  











   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy




















































































































  
  share by:


















