








station pizza – de l'authenticité à partager

































































 


aller au contenu		












notre carte
nos restaurants
nos valeurs
actualités
devenir franchisé
contactez-nous
 


 



















menu de navigation

 

 













menu de navigation					






notre carte
nos restaurants
nos valeurs
actualités
devenir franchisé
contactez-nous
 


 


















 
















je commande en ligne ! 




choisis ton restaurant !
besançon
décines
monplaisir lumière
saint-etienne
saint-fons
vaise
vernaison

lyon gerland



 









































station pizza, de l'authenticité à partager 















l'avalanche 









la bb king 









la provençale 
















1.  ciboulette, 2. sauce gruyère, 3. pommes de terre, 4. jambon, 5. oignon rouge, 6. comté, 7. mozzarella, 8. crème fraîche, 9. pâte à pizza 











1. cheddar, 2. potatoes, 3. viande hachée, 4.mozzarella, 5. sauce barbecue, 6. pâte à pizza 











ciboulette, 2. huile d’olive, 3. tomates fraiches, 4. fromage de chèvre, 5. mozzarella, 6. sauce tomate, 7. pâte à pizza 

















 











 











 





































 

 précédent


 suivant














 







































0


années














créé en 1986, avec plus de 30 années d’expériences station pizza se place comme la franchise du savoir faire de la pizza.  













0


restaurants














avec 9 restaurants, principalement dans la région lyonnaise, station pizza à su s’inscrire dans le paysage culinaire comme une marque référence de la pizza.  




















0


pizzas 














c’est le nombre de recette différentes de pizzas que nous vous proposons ! il y’en pour tous les gouts !  























retrouve-nous sur les réseaux !






abonne-toi à notre newsletter pour ne rater aucune info !

remarque : javascript est requis pour ce contenu.









liste des aliments allergènes majeurs :
céréales contenant du gluten, crustacés, oeufs, poissons, arachides, soja, lait, fruits à coque, céleri, moutarde,graines de sésame, anhydride sulfureux et sulfites, lupin et mollusques.

mentions légales
plan du site
politiques de données personnelles
conditions générales de vente

pour votre santé, mangez au moins cinq fruits et légumes par jour www.mangerbouger.fr




paiement 100% sécurisé !







 

 










copyright © 2022 | all rights reserved - réalisé par sagem-networks
 

 






station pizza utilise des cookies 🍪 pour une meilleure expérience. en poursuivant votre navigation, vous acceptez leur utilisation.

personnalisertout acceptermanage consent




fermer






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

toujours activé




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookieduréedescription__cfduid1 monththe cookie is used by cdn services like cloudflare to identify individual clients behind a shared ip address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. it does not correspond to any user id in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics1 yearthis cookies is set by gdpr cookie consent wordpress plugin. the cookie is used to remember the user consent for the cookies under the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary1 yearthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance1 yearthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance". 






functional							


functional





functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







performance							


performance





performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







analytics							


analytics





analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







advertisement							


advertisement





advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookieduréedescription_fbp3 monthsthis cookie is set by facebook to deliver advertisement when they are on facebook or a digital platform powered by facebook advertising after visiting this website.fr3 monthsthe cookie is set by facebook to show relevant advertisments to the users and measure and improve the advertisements. the cookie also tracks the behavior of the user across the web on sites that have facebook pixel or facebook social plugin. 






others							


others





other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookieduréedescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-functional1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others1 yearno description 












enregistrer & appliquer


propulsé par 
























































