









home - jem top



















































































































call us! 847-359-7660          

 






truck & suv accessories 



toggle menu

products

cargo slides, drawers & storage
fiberglass caps
commercial caps
exterior covers
bed protection
racks
running boards & tubes
accessories
stock & used caps


installation
gallery
about us
contact us
 












truck caps, covers & accessories custom fit to you 
							 


are you ready for the unexpected? 
							 


ridgelander
go anywhere, do anything
 
							 


professional needs,
professional products 
							 


sleek and durable 
							 


ready for an adventure? 
							 





 









home 


































 


 














welcome to jem top
family owned for over 40 years
since 1978, jem top has specialized in products and installation services for pickup trucks, vans and suv’s. we believe in only one philosophy that you “treat your customer the way you would want to be treated.” whether you use your vehicle for fun, business or you have a full fleet our expert staff can help you determine the proper products for your needs.


learn more 


























 
certified
professional
installation
warranty
backed
products
 




 
from start to finish
we've got you covered!
  showroom & sale
visit our showroom where you can touch and feel each product. we walk you through each step, so you’re satisfied with your purchase.installation & customization
our certified and professional installers ensure your product works they way you need it. ask about customization options!customer service & warranty
your satisfaction is our number one goal, so we only sell products we would buy ourselves! we back each product we sell 100%. 


 












 








visit our showroom
see and feel our products
each truck is different, and each customer’s needs are unique. why trust the internet to know what’s best for you, instead come visit our lake zurich showroom where you can see and feel the exact product you will walk away with. each product in our showroom is top-quality and backed by warranty. our experienced and professional team is standing by to fit your truck for exactly what you need.


learn more 








 












amber our “lemon spotted dalmatian”
has been promoted to receptionist.
stop by to say hello.















vivian is still working on her certification to drive the forklift.
i don’t know if she will pass.
has a hard time reaching the pedals.












 


 










 


certified & professional installation
jem top’s certified installers will complete every job to your satisfaction. we not only install new but will also service and repair as well. our installers take pride in their work from basic installs to custom requests and guarantee your product is installed correctly and ready for use before you leave our garage.


learn more 













 


it’s our lifestyle
we don’t just sell it, we live it
our experience comes from over 40 years of business, and also from using the products ourselves. whether your end-goal is camping, hunting, fishing, professional or something else – we only sell products we trust will get you where you’re trying to be.


 




 
 


 













project gallery
each project is different and we approach each one with our customer’s specific requirements in mind. give us a call or stop into our showroom  to discuss how jem top can customize our products and services to fit your lifestyle. 






















































































see more 








 


 




















 1340 ensell rd, lake zurich, il 60047
info@jemtop.com
hours: m–f: 9:30 – 5:00
sat: 9:30–1:00, sun: closed
(847) 359-7660

 

 

 







 


                                name                                                            







 


                                email                                * 







 


                                message                                * 







 

 

 

send


 











 












copyright © 2025 jem top. all rights reserved. 





 

















































request a quote


 


                                name                                                            







 


                                email                                * 







 


                                vehicle                                * 







 


                                product                                * 







 


                                additional info                                                            







 

 

 

send


 

















×


 


                                name                                                            







 


                                email                                * 







 


                                message                                * 







 

send


 












