



paara - home page







































home
new ham welcome 
about us
blogs
calendar
events - current
events - past
field day
for sale
fun stuff
meetings
members/badges
nets
newsletter
officers
photos
			 

			resources
			 

			sigs
			 

			sponsors


  
 
visitors







 
						7 feb 2025
						club meeting:
						 
from rookie to innovator: experimenting with (slot) antennas on a budget
						ben eadie, ve6sfx
aka ham radio rookie on youtube
						and host of vfcomms.com
						 


meeting info

						click here





homebrew night will take place during our
			march 7th meeting; so start building now!
homebrew registration
in an effort to streamline the sign ups please click on this link 
			or scan the qr code below.
			complete the form and then submit it.

			we are only accepting 10 participants and each participant will have 7 minutes to talk about their homebrew project.  remember, this is a show and tell not a full presentation.


			we're looking forward to seeing what you made!
			rob, kc6tyd
			paara, vp



welcome!


welcome to the palo alto amateur radio association (paara), the friendliest club around.  established in 1937, paara is a premier general interest club located in the san francisco bay area.  whether you are passionate about dx, contesting, eme, ares, mars, microwave, digital modes, or any other aspect of amateur radio, youll find like-minded members here.

			to get a feel for our club, i encourage you to explore the different sections of our website.  notably, we have back issues of our newsletter, paaragraphs, dating to 1971. whether you're a new ham, an experienced old-timer, a visitor from out of the area, or are curious about amateur radio and how to get involved, we invite you to join us for our monthly meetings.  these gatherings provide an excellent opportunity to connect with other passionate hams, hear an interesting presentation, and learn more about amateur radio in the bay area.

			i hope to see you soon!

			bob ridenour, kn6ygn
			president









please sign:





















 



			 
			
			 

 





copyright © 2019-2022  hosted by qth.com   webmaster: ka6q







