

 mnemotrix systems, inc. 







  mnem 


  otrix systems, inc.
masters of complexity








  intelli 


 gent information technology & strategic computing 


 gis 


   & geophysical support services


   









about us



intelligence amplifiers & agents 



gis & geophysical support services 



mnemotrix israel, ltd. 



crasl.org 



placing disruptive technologies



request form



home


  











 mnemotrix systems, inc.  
is an information mining, aggregation, and predictive analytics services company.   
we provide 
intelligence amplifiers,
or machine augmented intelligence,
designed to support human 
sensemaking, to retrofit existing data fusion systems,
in a remarkably different way. trained analysts and researchers can 
obtain new knowledge and extract hidden connections from the massive 
amounts of information from which they must produce useful analyses.

we build and host custom intelligent software agents which at the core are driven by 
sismatm (savant intelligence servo mechanical automaton/agent) focusing mainly on applications in science, technology, economic forecasting, business, and world literature, hosting these custom applications in a shared multi-media secure environment, providing middleware solutions in a variety of platforms. 

we also on a case-by-case custom basis, mine and fuse content-rich textual materials that contain photos, maps, and diagrams into geographical information system (gis) interfaces, providing a multiplicity of data resources for all kinds of
contingency studies, strategic planning and development, mapping, and spatial 
analysis.  we call this smart geodata-referencing.


we have merged intelligence amplification and artificial intelligence 
methodology with dynamic spatial analysis and mapping, opening the door to
an entirely new approach to critical analysis and planning.

at the forefront of mission critical intelligent
information technology and strategic computing applications
since 1986, we create and maintain upstream detection research environments 
which support experts who must remain in the decision-making 
loop, a complex forecasting and problem-solving capability.
mnemotrix 
(that's with a silent 'm'), means "mind facilitation agent". tell us what we can do for you.







mnemotrix systems, inc. 1511 s. texas ave. #140 college station, tx 77840 usa 
e-mail: info@mnemotrix.com







all concepts and descriptions on this website are intellectual properties developed by mnemotrix systems, inc. copyright © 1986-2019 mnemotrix systems, inc. all international rights reserved.






