





cosmetic dentistry dental fear and anxiety management dentist glasgow 



























login

 















 








 0141 564 1900









×


dr mike gow


anxiety management anxiety management► 

anxiety management ◄

services


dental technology


first appointment 


testimonials




berkeley clinic 


contact


video gallery





 














 
did you know that over 40% of uk adults are scared of the dentist?
contact mike today and see how he can help.						 learn more

 






 
we have formed a highly experienced and qualified team to take the best care of you.
contact mike today and find out how he can help you.						 learn more

 






 
best treatment of nervous patients, the private dentistry awards 2013
contact mike today and see how he can help.						 learn more

 





 











hello and welcome to what fear? website.
my name is mike (gdc 76039) and i am a dedicated dentist with a special interest in dental anxiety, sedation and hypnosis. i have spent many years training in as many disciplines as possible related to managing dental anxiety and take every opportunity possible to share what i have learned. i regularly attend international conferences in hypnosis, sedation, pain and anxiety management. this allows me to keep up to date with the latest developments and also present my own work.
so what can i do for you? i have developed this website for everyone looking for help in managing their own dental fears and phobias. i have been working with patients from all over the world including uk, ireland and australia who had various issues such as being so scared of the dental environment that they haven’t been to the dentist for a number of years or even extracting their own teeth. the exact fear and phobia is unique to each patient and it is important to get the right help in order to overcome it.
i have used hypnosis for over 12 years having trained with the british society of medical & dental hypnosis in 2001 and i have used conscious sedation in practice for 10 years since studying with the society for the advancement of anaesthesiology in dentistry (saad) in 2003. i routinely introduce and use new techniques and technology and believe that this is an essential part of working with nervous patients. i have written papers on the topic of the use of technology in helping nervous patients. examples of technology that i have introduced at the berkeley clinic include the ‘dental wand sta’, air-abrasion, and cerec omnicam. i was the first uk dentists to introduce the ‘dental button’ and ‘b-calm, systems for nervous patients.
if you would like to find out more about the techniques i use and to see if it is suitable for you get in contact by emailing me mike@berkeleyclinic.com or give the clinic a call and book a consultation on 0141 564 1900.
 

 





berkeley house5 newton terraceglasgowg3 7pjunited kingdom
copyright 2013 company name
 
 



kommand.me website builder  






cookie policy by continuing to browse our site, you are consenting to the use of cookies. please click the policy link to learn more about cookies. ok














