




home of geological sciences c.s.u.f. - geological sciences | csuf



























  this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.

 
 


skip navigation



 
		 
	



california state university, fullerton

 


 
 


site menu
 
 
 






college of natural sciences and mathematicsgeological sciences





main navigation
		 degrees 
		
		 student info 
		
		 people 
		
		 research 
		
		 events & news 
		
		 contact us 
		
		 forms 
		
		 alumni 
		
		 giving 

		 

  							
		









	
		 
	









 



for registration issues and permits for geology courses,
please e-mail mary carlin  - macarlin@fullerton.edu






research reveals so. cal floods during little ice age






read article about geology student's research





geologist goes home to study turkey earthquake






sinan akciz in turkey





martian meteorite studiedby future geologist


 read article about geology student's research.




jackass lakes plutonstudied near yosemite


 ancient volcanoes and jackass lakes pluton.




paleontologists discovernew species of giant turtle


 read about new turtle species.




 seminars and events


 jump to events and seminars page.






































































for registration issues and permits for geology courses,
please e-mail mary carlin  - macarlin@fullerton.edu


please support the department of geological sciences crowdfunding effort to enhance and endow our scholarships.click give button to donate. thank you for your support!






welcome from the department chair



welcome to the department of geological sciences at c.s.u.f!! i invite you to explore these pages to learn about our department, including our student-centered courses and the incredible research our students and faculty are doing locally, regionally, and around the world. 
what programs do we offer? well, we offer two undergraduate degrees – b.s. in geology and b.a. in earth science, an m.s. in geology, and a minor in geology. nearly all of our courses include high-impact field and/or lab learning environments with ample opportunity for original student research. both our b.s. and m.s. in geology require an intensive thesis. our b.a. in earth science is designed to offer maximum flexibility to enable students to choose a set of courses that align with their academic and career goals. as our well-established alumni could attest, c.s.u.f. geology graduates continue to be highly sought-after by both employers and grad schools.
that’s some of the dirt! adam woods, chair

department of geological sciences mission statement
the department of geological sciences is an inclusive education and research community of active mentors and role models. we provide an interdisciplinary, student-centered classroom, field, and laboratory experience that emphasizes critical thinking and communication to create scientifically informed global citizens.


























this site is maintained by 
						geological sciences.
 last published 11/1/24
to report problems or comments with this site, please contact 
						mwilken@fullerton.edu. 
					© california state university, fullerton. all rights reserved.


web accessibility

			csuf is committed to ensuring equal accessibility to our users.  let us know about any accessibility problems you encounter using this website.
			we'll do our best to improve things and get you the information you need.
		

resources:
download adobe acrobat reader

adobe reader

download word viewer, or download excel viewer, or download powerpoint viewer

microsoft viewers


report an ati issue


accessible @ csuf




version_4.8.18




			this page uses javascript to help render elements, if you have problems please enable javascript.
		

			this page uses accordion styles which rely on javascript.  you do not have javascript enabled, some functions will be disabled.
		


