


 







home | trillium measurement and control

















































































































 trillium@calflow.com
 +1-800-246-9920
 markham – calgary – lloydminster – saint john



























 



contact us



solutions

custody transfer
excise canada
flow computer programming
brodie compact prover
terminal automation
biotech


products

flow measurement
flow computer & register
gas flow calibrators
level measurement
pressure control
valves & regulators


authorized partners

brooks instrument
brodie international
daniel measurement and control
mesa labs
newson gale
varec


services

instrumentation repair
measurement canada inspections
meter proving
water draw calibrations


calibrations

gas flow calibrations
liquid flow calibrations
water meter calibration


about
 







 

 search


search


 close this search box.








































contact info

+1-800-246-9920
trillium@calflow.com


contact us











































  custody transfer

                                                metering systems                                        

                                            designed to provide accurate, repeatable,  and dependable measurements for the oil & gas industry.                                        


custody transfer















  iso/iec 17025

                                                calibrations                                        

                                            provide accurate and reliable iso 17025 testing and calibration services to meet all your flow measurement needs.                                        


iso/iec 17025















  homecoming

                                                brodie compact prover                                        

                                            trillium continues to provide global support for the brodie compact prover as an authorized service and sales partner.                                        


small volume provers















  offshore 

                                                measurement solutions                                        

                                            trillium offers water draw calibration and measurement services to the global offshore industry.                                        


learn more















  measurement

                                                for bioprocessing                                         

                                            the brooks sla series biotech option is specifically designed to provide precise process gas control that is essential for today's biopharmaceutical manufacturers.                                        


biotech solutions
















































trillium measurement and control for over three decades, trillium measurement and control has been a leading provider of process control and measurement solutions across canada. our products and services are trusted by a wide range of industries, including oil & gas, nuclear, mining, pharmaceutical & life sciences, food & beverage, hydrogen, and chemical productions.



with strategically located sales and service centers in ontario, alberta, and new brunswick, we offer comprehensive on-site calibration and measurement services on both local and international levels.



learn more





























our services
















 


            




							custody transfer systems						


						turnkey instrumentation and measurement systems, specializing in gasoline, diesel, propane, and butane truck loading systems.					













 




							inspection services						


						as a registered asp, we are knowledgeable in the weights and measures act and are committed to ensuring your system meets all requirements.					













                                    




							instrumentation service and repair						


						service and repair of a wide range of instrumentation equipment, including valves, turbines, positive displacement meters, provers, thermal mass, and more.					

















                     




							water draw calibrations						


						offering precise calibration and expert support for your critical proving equipment.					













 




							meter proving 						


						operate a wide range of small volume provers to meet the proving needs of today’s oil & gas industry.					













                         




							iso/iec 17025 flow calibrations						


						trillium measurement and control’s calibration laboratories are committed to providing high quality reliable and traceable flow calibrations.					






















brands












 
 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 
























trillium measurement and control












				our team of dedicated professionals brings decades of real-world measurement and instrumentation experience to our customers. as we celebrate over 30 years in business, we continue to offer the high-quality products and customer service that our company was founded on.						























application fuel cell technology
brooks instrument offers coriolis mass flow meters and controllers that provide accurate and consistent liquid flow measurement and control for various applications such as solar cell manufacturing and deposition of metal coatings on medical devices. these tools are also compatible with direct liquid injection vaporizers.












 























application spotlight
mass flow controllers
fuel cell test stands demand precise gas flow measurement and control for consistent and reliable performance. brooks instrument's thermal mass flow meters and controllers offer high-accuracy measurement and control for a range of applications, including fuel cell test stands.











learn more











 























application spotlight
surge relief
daniel® series 700 nitrogen-loaded control valves are engineered to instantaneously respond to pipeline surges and pressure to protect personnel and mitigate equipment damage.











request a quote











 















 















certificates, accreditations and memberships








 

 

























  







 


twitter
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 











  











markham








 



 
 (905) 305-7790





 
trillium@calflow.com




 
2800 john street, unit 12 markham, on l3r 0e2











  











calgary












 
403-835-2799





 
trillium@calflow.com




 
285145 wrangler way rocky view, ab t1x 0k3











  











saint john












 
(709) 853-3285





 
 trillium@calflow.com




 
saint john, new brunswick











 







copyright © 2023 trillium measurement and control - all rights reserved.






 











request a quote













name(required) name(required) email(required)

phone(required)postal code(required) preferred method of communicationpreferred method of communicationemailphonerequest details(required)
  














































































































