





massage therapy | oregon school of massage | 800-844-3420
























































 

























contact
class schedule
 



 


menu 





admissions

admissions
massage training previews
tuition and fees
payment options
application
graduate massage employment
640-hour massage certificate program overview
professionals from other states


students

class schedule
course descriptions
student handbook
student services

massage learning resources
registration information
student handbook
siderius scholarship


job opportunities in massage
massage licensing information
transcripts and forms


professionals

class schedule
ce email
ce descriptions
massage events


public

get a massage
take a class
room rentals
eye surgery equipment rentals
submit your job/event opportunities


contact

contact us
store & product info
special events
massage equipment rentals


about

about osm
faculty and staff
testimonials
jobs


 




 




 




home
 
excellence in education through quality touch.
we offer massage therapy courses for aspiring massage therapists, licensed professionals and the general public. we believe what a therapist communicates through their touch, combined with knowledge of the body and presence, can make the difference between a basic massage and a truly healing experience. explore our website to discover how we incorporate this philosophy to train well-rounded massage therapists.
get program brochure

regular hours
portland office and clinic appointments – 503.244.3420
tue-fri 10am-4:30pm – store hours
tue-fri 9am-5pm – office hours
salem office and clinic appointments – 503.585.8912
tue-thu 9am-5pm
 
winter 2025 schedule available
class schedule page
 
visit the covid policies page
updated 6.13.23


 
ready to start your massage career? consider attending the monthly training preview, the next is wednesday, november 6th at 6pm via zoomcontact admissions at admissions@oregonschoolofmassage.com 


 



 "i totally credit my success (at wellness clinic) to your excellent curriculum and knowledgeable instructors." l.m. (2007 graduate) "since beginning courses...i have come to appreciate another factor about osm. it has a special atmosphere of inclusiveness and acceptance." cg (2008 graduate) "all the instructors and staff are genuinely caring, compassionate and understanding, and all of my classmates are so down to earth and non-judgmental." ng (2010 graduate) "you guys did a great job preparing me for this career path...thank you for being so supportive, kind and patient with me...it’s been a long and wonderful road." - em (2013 osm graduate) 






recent osm blog postsinstructor spotlight: bonnie lee, lmt & ace-certified personal trainerdecember 17th, 2024at just five years old, bonnie lee discovered the joy of helping others feel better through touch. “i would massage my dad by walking on him, rubbing his feet, and helping him feel better after a hard[...]instructor spotlight - kirstin feldman, lmtnovember 21st, 2024kirstin feldman, lmt, is an osm alumna, drawn to a career in massage therapy by “the solace and healing it gives, in addition to the physical benefits”. she says she finds joy in “bringing peace, comf[...]instructor spotlight: marian wolfe dixonseptember 24th, 2024marian wolfe dixon, lmt (or #3902), has two master of arts degrees in health education and psychology, in addition to a bodywork practice called massage for medically complex people. her most utilized[...]upcoming classes and events
view class schedule 





massage training previews

the best way to learn more about a career in massage therapy and the massage training program at oregon school of massage is to attend one of our training previews. there is no cost to attend. please join us for an online zoom preview presentation.


 

wednesday, january 8th at 6pm
wednesday, february 5th at 6pm


 
register for preview "...i look forward to hiring more osm grads in the future!"
"i feel that the osm grads that i've interviewed showed an exceptional level of preparedness, professionalism, and confidence through the interview process and i look forward to hiring more osm grads in the future!" - dr. abby heppner, d.c.
  









oregon school of massagepagesquick menu
contact us
transcripts and forms
osm moodle site
resubscribe page
campus cafe
the latestinstructor spotlight: bonnie lee, lmt & ace-certified personal trainerat just five years old, bonnie lee discovered the joy of helping […]morephotos courtesy of osm and abmp.com 


resubscribe





















