






helping underground church






















the foundation

home
our mission
projects

spiritual program
education of seminarians and religious program
social and apostolic program
preservation of the legacy of his eminence, the late ignatius cardinal kung
information dissemination program


board members
commmemorating the 20th anniversary 30th anniversary homily
scholarship program


cardinal kung

his life

biography
citation from sacred heart university


writings

stations of the cross
a call to fidelity
a meditation on the crucifixion
homily to chinese catholics
homily at the cardinal's titular church of st. sixtus
speech upon receiving the key to the city of stamford


interview
other articles on cardinal kung

ignatius: the life of ignatius cardinal kung pin-mei by by msgr. stephen m digiovanni
church militant: bishop kung and catholic resistance in communist shanghai by paul p mariani
archbishop tang's homily
cardinal shan's homily
the legion of mary remembering their bishop


the funeral

highlights
funeral booklet
condolences from his holiness pope john paul ii
cardinal stafford's homily
cardinal shan's homily
joseph kung's speech
new york times article
philadelphia inquirer article
wall street journal article


photo gallery


articles

press releases

2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994


newsletters


guidelines from the vatican

vatican urges charitable but clear contact with chinese
china 8-point guideline by cardinal tomko
directives on some of the problems of the church in china
clarification of china 1988 guidelines


open letter to vatican
papal letter to china

papal letter to the catholic church in china 2007 (english)
papal letter to the catholic church in china 2007 (traditional chinese)
papal letter to the catholic church in china 2007 (simplified chinese)
notes on the papal letter 2007 (english)
notes on the papal letter 2007 (traditional chinese)
notes on the papal letter 2007 (simplified chinese)
compendium of the papal letter to the church in china 2009 (english)
compendium of the papal letter to the church in china 2009 (english and chinese)



collected testimonies
other articles
bishop joseph fan zhongliang

funeral mass video
biography (chinese)




catholic religion in china

did you know that...
catholic church in china
underground handicapped orphanage


prayer cards

holy father's prayer intentions
prayer for the opening of the cause of canonization
prayer for the intercession
of ignatius cardinal kung pin-mei
stations of the cross by cardinal kung
a prayer on the crucifixion of jesus by cardinal kung
prayer for china by cardinal kung
prayer for china by cardinal kung (coat of arms) 
prayer for priests by cardinal kung
prayer to our lady of sheshan
our lady of china
tu es petrus
prayer to the guardian angels of aborted babies
our lady of guadalupe



donations

we need your help
e-donate
donation from amazon
forms and procedures

donation form
mass request form
perpetual rosary for china form
prayer sponsor enrollment form






contact us





 












guided tour
our mission

forms and procedures


search site













entire site
press release
newsletter



search













 



 

newsletter

past newsletters

 

important links


 
















2025 a defender of faith scholarship

  [read more...]
last day for accepting applications : january 12, 2025 est














newsletter
  christmas 2024

  [see more]














  urgent call for prayers

click this link to join his eminence cardinal burke’s novena….


[read more...]

******



  monthly reflection written by his eminence

[read more...]

******



  raymond cardinal l. burke's homily

votive mass of our lady help of christians
pontifical mass according to the usus antiquior of the roman rite
for the intention of the church in china
basilica of saint john the evangelist
stamford, connecticut
25 july 2023


[read more...]

******



  solemn pontifical mass in honor of our lady of she-shan
archived video

 [watch now...]














2024 cardinal kung a defender of faith scholarship

the scholarship committee is pleased to have received a great number of applications from exceptional young catholic scholars.  they have shown years of activities in helping the church, spreading faith with their talents and using their catholic knowledge to speak, defend and train others on the catholic faith.  we are also grateful to their advisors, teachers, pastors and leaders in youth ministry who have accompanied and nurtured these catholic youth for many years.  

every applicant may request by email at cardinalkungfdn@gmail.com a free copy of cardinal kung’s biography.

we congratulate the following winners.


first place - $2,000   
molly marie marion - mother of divine grace school,  hawthorn woods, il



honorable mention - $200 
cecilia calvino - homeschool, tempa, fl
colette jalsevac - john paul the great montessori academy  front royal,va
hannah morals - notre dame high school chattanooga, tn
christina simons - mother of divine grace school omaha, ne













"please stay with us with your prayers 
  until holy mary saves us at her own time." 

we invite you to join friends of cardinal kung
   to pray for the opening of the cause.


  [see more]













2024 scholarships - cardinal kung a defender of the faith 


 application closes on january 14, 2024, 11:59 pm eastern time
 [read more...] 


**********  
2023 scholarships winners
 faustina wodzinski - $2,000 
 teagan byrne - $1,000 















obituary
joseph m.c. kung, president emeritus and founder 
passed away on february 14, 2023, 
one month shy of his 91st birthday.
[read more...]
























 a quick introduction to the life of cardinal kung
a15 minute quick talk, a program of st. agnes church, st. paul, mn, 
by fr. joseph koterski, s. j. 












homily at the pontifical requiem mass
 to commemorate the 20th anniversary of 
 ignatius cardinal kung pin-.mei












"if we renouce our faith, we will disappear and  there will not be a resurrection. if we are faithful, we will still disappear, but there will be a resurrection."
bishop ignatius kung pinmei - 1954









"it is fire that tests gold; tribulation that proves saints; 
      trials endured for christ's sake being virtue to a summit of perfection, 
      where like the apostles, innocent of all malice, 
      it endures wrongdoing while forgiving the malefactors..."
     paul vi - october 7, 1974 - bishop kung's twenty-fifth episcopal anniversary while he was serving his life sentence in jail



"i felt that the whole church could not but honor a man who has given witness by 
      word and deed, through long suffering and trials, to what constitutes the essence of life in the church:  
        participation in the divine life through the apostolic faith and evangelical love. "
     john paul ii, july 1, 1991 vatican



"in your decades of fidelity to the church, you have followed the example of christ the good shepherd, 
      and even in the face of great suffering, have not ceased to proclaim the truth of the gospel by your words and example. 
      for your faithful witness to christ, the church is deeply grateful."
joseph cardinal ratzinger - july 1999



click here for the guided tour






untitled document


home | mission | did you know...? | catholic religion in china | projects | donations
press releases | newsletters | articles |  forms and procedures | contact us 
please direct any questions or comments regarding this web site to cardinal kung foundation


 



