  home - mmaweb.net hosting serivces       support@mmaweb.net



 toggle navigation   
homeshared hostingserversdomainssupportclient area





quality webhosting
check our plans
from $24.99

our hosting accounts include a range of options with features and pricing to meet every budget.

 

  welcome to mmajsp hosting and servlet hosting accounts with advanced, scalable server technologies like servlets, java server pages (jsp), enterprise javabeans (ejb) and xml are what mma specializes in. the result is a continuous upgrade path that lets small businesses launch websites built on proven technology that can grow as you achieve success without the need to rebuild and redeploy your core applications as your site traffic and need for service grows.get started with our hostingour hosting accounts include a range of options with features and pricing to meet every budget. we also offer a smooth upgrade path that makes it easy to get started now and add additional features as you need them.starter account $24.99 monthunlimited disk spaceunlimited bandwidth1 domain hosted
ordercommerce account $49.99 monthunlimited disk spaceunlimited bandwidth5 domains hosted
orderenterprise account $99.99 monthunlimited disk spaceunlimited bandwidthunlimited domains hosted
order
mma has been providing web site development and hosting services since 1995.client linksclient areasubmit ticketcheck ticketsinvoicessite linkshomeshared hostingserversdomainssupportclient areaotherterms of serviceacceptable use policyprivacy policyabout uscontact us© 2021 - mma web


we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional							

functional
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance							

performance
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics							

analytics
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

advertisement							

advertisement
advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

others							

others
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & accept
  




