   home - robotic parking | automatic parking | automated parking                    about usroyce monteverdikey personnelcontact us




homeproductsrps 1000 fully automatedrps 200 fully automated systemlift & slide semi-automatedemerging technologiessystem componentstechnical specificationsoptionsfeaturessuperior service and maintenancefastest vehicle processing speedreliabilitydesign flexibilityrevolutionary fire safetybenefitsfeeding the bottom lineincreased usable spacereduced risk to users and carsgreen parkingmodernized materialsprojectsnew palace of justice, kuwaital jahra court complex, kuwait, 2314 spacesemirates financial towers (eft), dubai, uae – 1200 spacesibn battuta gate, dubai, uae — 765 spaceshoboken, new jersey – 314 spacesarchitects/developersfirst impressions matterpallets and liabilitycalculate the cost savingssample layoutsrange of vehiclesspecificationswhite papercontinuing education coursesresourcesvideosbrochures, presentations & case studiestestimonialsfrequently asked questions
the pioneer in automatic parking since 1994 — always aheadnew palace of justice, kuwaitin progressnumber of spaces: 2433entry / exit terminals: 18automated level 2 ev charging stations: 100throughput: 720 cars / hour
learn moreal jahra court, kuwaitworld’s largest automatic parking systemnumber of spaces: 2314footprint: 328 ft x 168 ftheight: 115ft (rps)levels: 11entry / exit terminals: 12throughput: 425 cars/houraverage single retrieval: 177 seconds
learn moreibn battuta gate, dubainumber of spaces: 765type of garage: rps 1000footprint: 276 ft x 98 ftheight: 57 ftlevels: 7entry / exit terminals: 8throughput: 250 cars / hour
learn moreemirates financial towers, dubaitype of garage: rps 1000footprint: 320 ft x 120 ftheight: 72 ft.levels: 9entry / exit terminals: 9
learn morehoboken, new jerseynumber of spaces: 314footprint: 100 ft x 100 ftheight: 56 ftlevels: 7average response time (exit): 145 secondsaverage occupancy: 99.5%up time: 99.9 % in a 24/7 operation during a 4 year period and more than 1,000,000 parking transactions
learn morefeaturesrethinking how we use landrobotic parking systems changes the dynamic of land use.commercial and residential development won’t succeed if people are dissatisfied with the parking.but adding land for parking means losing land that could be allocated to commercial use and green space.robotic parking systems is the solution.click to watch: more:fastest vehicle processing speedour patented “lift and run” technology moves on all three axes simultaneously, making robotic systems the industry leader in automotive throughput.moremobile & touchless user interfaceinitiate the parking and retrieval process through an nfc, fob, or mobile app. users keep their keys in this touchless process, creating a premium valet experience.moreelectric vehicle charging stationsall robotic parking systems can be equipped with ev charging stations as required by the architect and developer. additional stations can be added at a later date.moreaccommodates a wide range of vehiclesheavyweight or low profile, robotic parking systems’ patented pallet technology allows us to accomodate and effectively move vehicles the competition does not.morefirst and last impressions countwith a robotic parking system the arrival and departure plaza can be easily blended into the overall architectural theme of the development.morefounded in 1994, us-based robotic parking systems, inc. pioneered the development of the high-capacity, scalable automated parking garage, opening a new vista in the parking industry.a robotic parking system reduces the space needed for cars by 50% or more, creating more space for design and development, and in the environment, room for more green spaces. while automated parking has been in development since the early 20th century, the patented and scalable robotics that robotic parking systems’ brought to the industry allowed the benefits of automated parking to be applied to projects requiring hundreds and even thousands of parking spaces.the management team of robotic parking systems incorporates more than 70 years of cumulative competence in the development, the construction and the operation of automated transport systems. strategic partnerships with notable high-tech automation firms ensure that robotic parking systems remains at the forefront of one of the most exciting fields in the 21st century construction industry by continuing to develop state-of-the-art electronic management and control systems.all robotic parking systems’ machinery is manufactured at the company’s headquarters in clearwater, florida, usa. the company has the only full-scale manufacturing facility in north america dedicated to designing and building custom automated parking garages. we are not an oem or distributor. we manufacture our machinery from raw steel to finished product using off-the-shelf components primarily from us distributors.quality control is maintained using our 114-car research and testing garage located within our 100,000 sq. ft. production plant. this facility allows us to test and certify every machine before it’s shipped to the customer’s job site.patentsrobotic parking systems’ high-speed, efficient automated parking technology is patented in the united states and in countries around the world. additional patents are pending. recent patents include high speed fire containment technology that makes our parking garages the safest in the world, and pallet cleaning technology that cleans up snow, ice and debris from pallets between uses–critical for winter environments.us patents patent number us 12,180,740 b2dec. 31, 2024automated parking garage featuring modular design, a control system that can move several items independently and concurrently, storage space that comprises an electric vehicle charging station, a pallet cleaning system, and other features.patent number us 6,851,921 b2feb. 8, 2005automated parking garage with multi-floor building including system of storage racks. includes the pallet stacking station, a pallet shuttle, technology for stacking the unloaded pallets, and a transport system for transporting the loaded pallet.patent number us 6,662,077 b2december 9, 2003architecture for presenting and managing information in an automated parking and storage facility, with interactive interface to access, monitor, and control the parking and storage facility locally and remotely, and more.patent number us 6,502,011 b2dec 31, 2002method and apparatus for presenting and managing information in an automated parking structure using graphical user interface.patent number 5,669,753sep.23, 1997modular automated parking system that simultaneously parks and retrieves multiple vehicles, with pallets transporting automobiles by self-propelled carrier and lifting device. insertion and retrieval of multiple vehicles occurs simultaneously.   “the hoboken municipal parking garage that opened its robotically controlled doors last year displays a stunning agility. it lifts and carries cars about on computer-controlled steel pallets as if they were delicate ballerinas, moving with precision and speed inside a structure that is remarkable compact…'[a]mazingly proficient use of space… “it may provide one of the solutions to the most important conflict in urban design: where do you put all the cars in environments where car volume is high and space is at a premium?”the new york times“when you return— no guesswork about wher eyou parked it, no strange nicks, dents, or scratches… and no parking attendant to tip.”abc news“”i would rather go without food than without this garage.”
ellen harris on cnn“one of the top ten parking garages in the world.”bmw magazine“one of the best inventions of the 20th century.”“i am extremely pleased with the quality and professionalism of robotic parking system’s work, as well as the attention to detail.”consortio international, dubai“great company in every aspect — professional, with great attention to safety and quality. we highly recommend them for any automatic car park.”m.a. kharafi and sons, kuwait“robotic parking is changing the dynamics of land use.”equity group investmentscontact uswe welcome your comments, questions or suggestions.12812 60th street n. clearwater, fl 33760 united states+1 727 539 7275+1 727 967 6881+1 727 271 0566sales@roboticparking.comfollowfollowfollow
contact us leave a messagefooter contact us






first name
*


last name
*


primary phone
*


secondary phone



email address
*


message
*
we do not sell or share the data you send to us.
captcha

submit


if you are human, leave this field blank.				
δprivacycareers
© 1994-2025 robotic parking systems, inc. all rights reserved.followfollowfollow                         

