



topline genuine daisy chain test components for smt process development and machine evaluation. ccga column grid array, bga, csp, wlp, ewlp, qfn, qfp, tqfp, lqfp, plcc, soic, ssop, tsop, tssop, qsop, flip chip, teg, top line . solder columns for soc system on chip and quantum computers, hetrogeneous 2.5d processors

























































 


cavity qfn
 
 
pcb jumpers
 
 
bonding wire
 
 
pcb vibration pid damper









contact






 








topline manufactures daisy chain test components, zero ohm pcb jumpers and engineering evaluation  kits for experimentation. we make vibration dampers to extend the life of pcb assemblies and ccga column grid array to reduce stress caused by extreme thermal cte mismatch. road map solder columns for quantum computers
topline assists engineers and researchers in essential fields of defense and aerospace to solve problems, explore a hunch and obtain knowledge. our mission is to deliver solutions that enable our customers to do things better - advancing the frontiers of all that is possible. we participate in a community with global interdependencies.  each day we are energized by helping others and improving our world.
 
 






dummy & kits catalog

gerber data  •  net list
what is column grid array?
what is jedec tray?
what is daisy chain?
what is dummy component?
hts tariff code 8542.90.0000
export eccn ear99
naics  334413 

view all products


bga  •  wlp-csp  •  ewlp


ccga  •  solder column


non-collapsible solder ball


qfp  •  tqfp  •  lqfp  •  qfn


cerquad  •  j-lead clcc


sot23 jumper • sot schematic


solder practice pcb boards


jedec tray  •  color tray clip


2" waffle pack  •  4" waffle pack


test si die  •    wafers    •   flip chip


thermal die heaters   •   dummy die 


patents & trademarks


trade shows  •  
what's new?

select by: pin count • pitch • size


w4p1 tape •  
scc black & white chip •  
more chips


01005 size  (0.4 x 0.2mm)  •  melf  •  sq.melf


embedded resistor  •  wide terminal chips



soic  •  
tssop  •  
ssop  •  
vssop  •  
tsop


flat pack  •  lcc  •  plcc  •  soj  •  cpga


dip  •  cerdip  •  axial  •  radial  •  terminals


sot  •  sod  •  dpak  •  to  •  do  •  smd


open  (air) cavity qfn  •  about daisy chain


bonding wire & ribbon


spacers  •  sot jumper  •  zero ohm jumpers


pcb vibration damping   •   ic sockets & connectors


catalogs: 
full  •  
smt nomenclature  •  
kits


fpga issues and concerns - call to action





 














topline corporation
    95 highway 22 w
    milledgeville, ga 31061, usa

    email: sales@topline.tv

toll free usa/canada (800) 776-9888

    tel: 1-478-451-5000
call to order.

©2024 topline. all rights reserved.














