




   urban libraries council    skip navigation
join
member hub
search
close





about us
our work
events
innovations
resources
newsroom
blogback to navigationexclusive member offering: mindstone ai skills training from ebscolearningthe urban libraries council (ulc) is thrilled to partner with ebsco to offer members a groundbreaking learning series on ai fluency through the mindstone ai skills training program. taking place each tuesday in march, this online training program equips participants with the skills to seamlessly adopt and integrate ai tools into their daily workflows, enhancing productivity and innovation in the workplace.
learn more & register
webinar: libraries, artificial intelligence and civic engagementjoin ulc members for a powerful one-hour webinar on wednesday, february 26 at 1 pm et, showcasing real-world examples of ai in action. learn how palo alto city library, queens public library, and the university at albany’s center for technology in government (ctg ualbany) are using ai to enhance discovery, improve access, and empower communities.
register now
register now for the 2025 ulc ceo roundtableregistration is now live for the third annual ceo roundtable, a transformative event exclusively for ulc directors and ceos. join us in toronto on june 1-3, 2025, for an immersive experience designed to elevate your leadership, expand your network, and redefine how libraries drive social impact in their communities. space is limited!
register now
creating a culture of belonging webinar seriesin this multi-part webinar series from ulc, experts in the library field will share their insights and progress on the journey to creating a culture of belonging. participants will explore topics such as understanding library history, building diverse teams, and fostering an environment where all employees feel valued and respected.
learn more & register
announcing safe routes to librarieslibraries are more than buildings—they’re gateways to learning, opportunity, and connection. yet, for too many, physical and transportation barriers make accessing these vital spaces difficult and even unsafe. ulc’s safe routes to libraries initiative addresses this challenge head-on, ensuring everyone has safe, equitable access to the transformative resources libraries provide.
learn more
ulc releases 2024 library insights report with latest library data & trendsulc is proud to share the latest urban library data and trends in patron engagement in the 2024 library insights report. informed by data collected in the second-annual library insights survey, the report offers a data-informed view of post-pandemic performance for urban public libraries across the u.s. and canada. responses from 115 ulc member libraries, representing nearly 2,300 locations and serving over 87.5 million people, shaped this year's findings.
access the report
"a guide to engaging elected officials and cultivating library advocates in government" urban libraries council’s newest toolkit is crafted to help library professionals build strong relationships with elected officials, demonstrating firsthand the vital role libraries play in literacy, information access, and lifelong learning. it provides step-by-step guidance to plan impactful visits, including customizable outreach templates and a detailed checklist to ensure a memorable experience for visiting officials.
access on the ulc member hub
leadership brief: effective strategies and models for urban libraries addressing homelessnessulc's newest leadership brief is a compilation of best practices designed to help libraries better serve those experiencing homelessness in their communities. informed by library leaders across the u.s. and canada, the report recommends that community partnerships, staff development, and intentional physical design, can better support both unhoused patrons and the library staff who serve them.
read now
announcing the 2024 innovations award winners!for 15 years, the urban libraries council has proudly highlighted and honored our library members through the innovations initiative. we are so excited to announce the 2024 innovations awards top innovators and honorable mentions!
see the winning projects
ulc members featured in new report on ai and librariesulc and the university at albany’s center for technology in government (ctg ualbany) are partnering to examine how libraries can empower communities to better understand artificial intelligence and ensure its ethical design and application. the first report from this three-year research project is now available online, along with an interactive map.
learn more
ulc's policy and legislative prioritiesthrough engagement with lawmakers in congress and u.s. federal agencies, ulc is advocating for several key policy positions that center the critical role that public libraries play in urban communities. ulc’s advocacy strategy seeks to garner more support and funding for policies that strengthen and advance the essential role of public libraries.
learn more
 for over 50 years, the urban libraries council has served as an outcomes-driven research and innovations network of more than 180 leading north american public libraries.
learn moreimpact storiesdiscover how ulc member libraries invigorate and inspire public libraries on our blog.
learn morenewsroomfind out the latest news and updates on the vital issues facing ulc members.
learn moreinnovationsget inspired by cutting-edge work that addresses key issues among the ulc membership.
learn moreedge 360new benchmarks for anti-racism, digital equity, economic opportunity and education.
learn morestrategic prioritiessupport the urban library leadercenter the transformative role of public librariesdrive advocacy for urban librariesthe voice of public librariesulc provides a forum for library leaders to share best practices and innovative ideas that inspire programs that support 21st century learning, a strong economy and an active democracy.
learn more about ulc 
interested in membership?find out how ulc membership empowers hundreds of leading library systems across north america.
view membership benefits search

contact usemail: info@urbanlibraries.orgphone: 202-750-8650

1333 h street nw, suite 1000 west, washington, dc 20005 
subscribe to newsletter follow us
 linkedin
 twitter
 instagram
 facebook
privacy policy
©2025 urban libraries council    