










pinhole camera made of dreams and passions-zero image






















    pinhole cameras made of dreams and passions
  		


 
 



 
the long-awaited quick quick plate is now available! click the image to see more details.
 

 
 



 
 
  
 










	   collectible handmade wooden pinhole camera
      

menu


company
        		
about
feedback
press
contact



product
            	
zero 135
zero 2000
zero 69
zero 612
zero 618
zero 45
zero 810
accessories
engraving


order/price
        		
price list
dealer


support
            	
tips & tools
q & a
link


gallery
        
photos
cameras
wppd


news




pinhole camera made of dreams and passion...

back to basic, back to nature







  pinhole cameras with  environmentally friendly wax-oil finish and far more affordable price. range from 35mm to 8x10 format with our unique design of "add-on" accessories including our newly designed 52mm filter adapter. you can have more freedom to configure your personal style pinhole camera and buy the only  necessary stuff you need.



the art of romance








			zero image camera, established since 1999, the handmade wooden pinhole camera with its antique design, is an objet d'art ideal for private collections, and makes a perfect gift to celebrate the new millennium.  our camera's revolutionary design helps you take pictures with special effects, and connects you to the boundless creative and artistic world of photography. 

			our cameras range from 35mm format to 8x10 format, in order to satisfy our customers differing requirements.
        




click on images to show hide details. 



			all 
          our cameras are made of selected high-quality teak wood (for making yacht) and are precious machined.









for the traditional series with lacquer finishing, more than 20 layers of coating are applied by hand to each camera, to insure maximum protection of the wood.
        

        to advoid internal reflection, all internal area of the camera are hand-painted with 5-10 layers of (special formula by ourself) matt black paints with silk like appearance.

no brush stoke reflects our highest demand and the superior craftmenship of every of our staff.









some of the  solid brass  parts are cnc-made, and with a coating  applied  to prevent them from oxidizing. we use baked paint instead of spray lacquer for more wear resistance. 
        









the mechanism and the structure of the camera make it work like an ordinary camera, but it is capable of taking extraordinary pictures!
        









we  use 0.001" brass shim to make the pinhole conform to a more accurate  film stop number and create sharper images.
        all pinholes are by traditional photo etching and cleaned with special treatment. the result is far better than some cheap laser cut pinhole by low-end laser cutting machine and without the proper cleaning up process after the lacer cut.









every camera has its serial number etched on a beautiful brass plate, complete with a signed certificate of authenticity for its original design.
        









each camera is sent in a beautiful gift box and accompanied with an instruction manual, including detailed illustrations drawn by our camera designer.
        








from 2010, we provide hand  engraving service, you can have any name engraved on the name plate of the camera by our camera designer.
        this make your zero camera more special and unique. great gift for your forever lover, families and your best friend.








in the past 23 years, we have shipped our cameras to almost every corner of the world, including  usa, canada, france, germany, the uk, spain, italy, netherlands, belgium, switzerland, norway, new zealand, finland, greece, south korea, south africa, japan, taiwan, singapore, russia, thailand, the philippines,  slovenia, iraq, macau, australia, austria, argentina, hungary, croatia, poland, portugal, india, brasil, iceland, , mexico .... we have received very positive feedback from our customers. we will continue to develop additional specially designed pinhole cameras, with more coming soon. 



enjoy pinhole photography, and don't neglect to add one of our special cameras to your collection.



don't miss our gallery which contains more than five hundred images by our customers from all over the world! 












we have never authorized any of our previous customers from slovenia , taiwan or a uk woodworker located in japan to use any of our design, methology or to manufacturer/modify our cameras or any parts or accoessories especially our well-known multiformat design, pinhole shim holder, adhesive felt for prevent light leak and filter holder in any variation.


don't be fool by expensive imitations of our cameras and accessories.

please don't encourage the design thief to steal other's deisgn!





please support original design! 



    this website, and its component parts, are the property of the zero image co., and are protected by the copyright laws of hong kong and under international law. the website, any images or designs may not be copied, duplicated, stored or otherwise reproduced, in whole or in part for any commercial uage without the express written consent of the zero image company.
    
    
    





















company
product
order/price
support
gallery
news


		all web content copyrighted â©1999-2021, zero image co. 
     
		web page was build at nov. 15, 1999, last updated 
  august 24, 2024

		web design: zernike au
        













