












personal trainer charleston, mt. pleasant, meredith nelson, primetime fitness











































			 
			menu




home
services
videos
contact
 




home
services
videos
contact
 








getting fit for lifewith personal trainer meredith nelson







meredith nelson
meet your personal trainer
meredith nelson has a varied and extensive history in the fitness industry. starting in the 1980’s and carrying 30 extra pounds, meredith gradually developed a love of all things active – especially running, weight-lifting, yoga, and cycling. but she doesn’t stop there – golfing, hiking, adventure sports, stair-climb races, and drinking fine wine (that’s an activity, right?!) all bring her joy. back in the day, you might have caught meredith teaching step or hi-lo (of course, sporting a leotard and hi-tops – but with any luck all photographs have been destroyed!). these days, you’ll find her swimming, biking, or running; weight-lifting; spending time on her yoga mat; or playing golf during her downtime.  however, she also gets her thrills putting others through a grueling indoor cycling class, weight-training workout, or boot camp. ask her about weight loss and she’ll talk for hours – after all, she’s been there and lives it every day.











bringing fitness to the mainstream was her goal when meredith opened primetime fitness in 2000. with a masters degree in rehabilitation counseling, meredith’s original goal was to incorporate fitness into the lives of those with disabilities. she has continued to provide a haven for anyone, regardless of age or ability, to pursue their fitness goals. after 15 years of offering the residents of sullivan’s island a place to go for all their fitness needs, primetime fitness relocated to mt. pleasant.  four years later, the building was no longer available; meredith seized an opportunity to become director of personal training at gold’s gym of mt. pleasant. in 2020, with the arrival of the covid-19 coronavirus, meredith rolled with the punches once again and began offering personal training and small group coaching services out of her home, and added virtual training to her repertoire.
summer of 2022 found meredith and her husband mark relocating to beaufort, sc.  she continues to offer virtual training to her charleston clients, but is also expanding her in-person services to the dataw island community center fitness facility.  you can find her there offering personal training and small group fitness to golfers and racquet sports fans, as well as providing coaching services to runners in the community and virtually as a coach for without limits endurance coaching.


 no effort, no results. 




certified through afaa in group fitness, ace as a personal trainer and medical exercise specialist, titleist performance institute as a level 3 golf fitness instructor, katherine roberts’ yoga for golfers, an ryt-200 yoga instructor, and a level 1 rrca running coach, meredith is well qualified to help you achieve your fitness goals. knowing the importance of diet in any fitness program, meredith also obtained a certificate as a fitness nutrition specialist. she can put her experience and knowledge to work in helping you address your exercise and nutrition needs, and put it all together into an effective regimen. just remember, meredith says… “no effort, no results.” if you’re willing to put in the effort, and do it consistently, meredith can help you achieve results!

















i worked out with meredith for years before she (sadly) moved away. she is creative, fun, and great at correcting your form. she can adapt to injuries you might have. she will incorporate things you like (yoga) and can work with all types of exercise equipment from machines to bands to trx to free weights to your body weight. no two workouts are the same, which means you do not get bored and you want to keep coming back!

— marie louise r, mt. pleasant







meredith first sought to truly understand my fitness goals and then observed my current weight-training routine.  she then helped me organize a workout plan that gave me better results, in the same amount of time.  now i have a more balanced routine that is producing better results, in the same amount of time, with the same amount of effort. she always had my work within my comfort level and has helped me develop a more balanced program that maximizes the results.

— rudy v, beaufort/st. helena







i found my happy place at home with meredith and primetime fitness.  i started virtual training with meredith at the beginning of covid and now virtual training is part of my weekly routine.  what a joy to get a great workout and not have to leave the house! thanks, meredith!

— mark p, mt. pleasant







i’ve been taking meredith’s classes for a few short months and also doing some training sessions with her, and it has already made me stronger.  i love that she offers lower-impact options (for this 58-year-old) and also motivates all of us during class!

— marie f, beaufort/st. helena







i was recently diagnosed as a type 2 diabetic.  i had worked out with meredith once before, but at the time, i just wasn’t dedicated to a routine.  as soon as i was diagnosed, i shot her a quick email, and she immediately responded. we met and discussed diet and exercise; she was a wealth of information. i started working out with her and figuring out what routine spoke best to me. she helped me set up a peloton bike and monitored my form. hey, if this 65-year-old woman can get in shape, anyone can. i’m 15 pounds down and on the right track. thanks, meredith!

— becky t, beaufort/st. helena
















2025 ©primetime fitness, llc. all rights reserved
(843) 442.6314 | meredith@primetimefit.net




 















