






canspice.org








































skip to content



























									canspice.org								























new west progressives: claiming victory for stuff they voted against 




brad cavanagh 


january 29, 2025january 29, 2025 


 local, new westminster, politics 




july 8, 2024. new westminster mayor patrick johnstone submits a motion to have staff update the city’s travel policies to make travel by members of council more transparent, requiring them to write a summary of their travels, include the expenses incurred, describe their learnings, amongst other things. the motion passes, but councillors daniel fontaine and paul minhas, both of the new west progressives, oppose it.
january 27, 2025. new westminster city staff return a report to council describing proposed changes to the council travel and expense policy to make travel by members of council more transparent, requiring them to write a summary of their travels, include the expenses incurred, describe their learnings, amongst other things. the motion passes, and this time councillors daniel fontaine and paul minhas vote in favour, but the motion would have passed regardless of how they voted.
january 29, 2025: new west progressives claim success, saying “thanks to your nwp representatives on council, we’ve made some real ‘progress’!!”
also january 29, 2025: i write a blog post pointing out how patrick johnstone brought forward the initial motion that got the ball rolling, how daniel fontaine and paul minhas of the new westminster progressives voted against the motion, how city staff did the work between july 2024 and january 2025, and how in january 2025 daniel fontaine and paul minhas of the new westminster progressives took credit for it despite doing nothing but vote at the last possible step.


facebook screenshot from the new westminster progressives claiming victory for work they played no part in other than voting in favour at the very end

daniel fontaine “i made this” meme



daniel fontaine new west progressives nwp patrick johnstone paul minhas 




letter: compassion, empathy needed to help new west’s homeless population 




brad cavanagh 


january 26, 2025january 26, 2025 


 local, new westminster, politics 




i had this letter published in the new westminster record, and i post it here because i own my words:
re: should the city of new westminster commit to ending homelessness? (dec. 12, 2024)
it was incredibly disheartening watching the council workshop where council discussed the interim housing needs report on dec. 9.
shockingly, coun. paul minhas asked if the police have programs to slow “so-called transients” from moving to new westminster.
it is absolutely appalling that a city councillor would even think that police should be in the business of deciding who gets to move to our city.
we live in a society where people are free to live where they like, not in some police state where only the select few are allowed.
i ask mr. minhas: what did you mean when you asked if the police have programs that would “address this issue”? how do you see the police addressing the issue of homelessness?
and then, coun. daniel fontaine votes down the housing needs report because it doesn’t list the number of units it would take to end homelessness.
let’s be honest here, the number of units doesn’t matter to mr. fontaine because he would vote against them anyhow.
after all, he’s already voted against provincially funded projects that would help our unhoused neighbours get off the streets and into beds or homes. he says he wants to end homelessness, yet his actions suggest otherwise.
luckily, the adults in the room voted in favour of endorsing the interim housing needs report.
thank you to mayor patrick johnstone, coun. ruby campbell, coun. jaimie mcevoy, and especially coun. tasha henderson for showing compassion and empathy, and understanding what our city needs to move forward to help everyone find housing in new westminster.


daniel fontaine homelessness new west progressives paul minhas 




daniel fontaine’s bad math 




brad cavanagh 


october 28, 2024october 28, 2024 


 facepalms, local, new westminster, politics 




earlier today (october 28, 2024) new westminster city council debated a rezoning application coming for downtown new westminster. during the debate, councillor daniel fontaine stated the development would bring “four world trade centers onto that site” as a visualization of what sort of development would be coming.
the development in question (88 tenth street — columbia square) would bring up to 3 million square feet of residential units. it also includes 122,000 square feet of retail. additionally, there would be at least 42,000 square feet of commercial office space, plus some daycare and potentially a school. let’s say 3,250,000 square feet of development, just to round things off.
during the meeting councillor fontaine didn’t clarify which world trade center he was talking about, the most famous being the complex in new york city that was tragically destroyed by terrorists in 2001. vancouver has a world trade centre building near canada place, perhaps he meant that one?
but he clarified in a facebook video after the meeting, stating very clearly he was referring to new york’s world trade center.

daniel fontaine and paul minhas incorrectly stating that the 88 tenth street redevelopment in new westminster is the “equivalent to basically four world trade centers from new york”.
daniel fontaine and paul minhas incorrectly stating that the 88 tenth street redevelopment in new westminster is the “equivalent to basically four world trade centers from new york”.

here’s the problem: his math is completely wrong.
if you assume that by “world trade center” he means either 1 wtc or 2 wtc (these are the “twin towers” that were struck by airplanes in 2001), then he’s wrong. each tower had a square footage of 4,759,040 square feet. four “world trade centers” would then be over 19,000,000 square feet, nearly six times the size of the 88 tenth street redevelopment.
if 88 tenth street were really “four world trade centers” then it would have to be six times larger than it actually is. it’s not even one world trade center, let alone four.
or maybe he was referring to the entire world trade center complex of seven buildings? problem: seven buildings are way bigger than one building, and their total square footage was 13,400,000 square feet, so four of those would be a whopping 53,600,000 square feet, well over sixteen times bigger than 88 tenth street.
either way, “four world trade centers” is wildly incorrect.
daniel fontaine needs to remove his video and say he was wildly incorrect with his “four world trade centers” statement before it catches on as some sort of warped “truth”.



daniel fontaine housing 




daniel fontaine’s “undemocratic” stunt 




brad cavanagh 


september 6, 2024september 26, 2024 


 local, new westminster 




on wednesday, september 4, 2024, a special council meeting popped up on the city of new westminster’s calendar. it would be held on thursday, september 5, and had one item for discussion: “2025 budget: tax rate proposal”. other than that, there was no information about what the meeting was going to be about.
the timing for the meeting was strange, as on september 2 the city of new westminster had just closed an online survey about the 2025 budget. two days is nowhere near enough time to collate feedback and make any sort of informed discussion or decision about the 2025 budget. the 2024 budget’s preparation cycle had council workshops happening in the fall, which is where they look at the public feedback, the various proposals from staff, and work out what the budget will look like when they vote on it in february.
when the meeting happened, ruby campbell and tasha henderson questioned the agenda, asking for more information about what the meeting was going to be discussing, because all they had was the “2025 budget: tax rate proposal”. apparently a motion was emailed to them at 4:02pm (note that the meeting was scheduled to start at 4pm), but this motion has not been made public on the city’s website, so it is still unclear what they were going to be discussing. (update: the motion now appears on the minutes for the meeting.)
during the discussion about approving the agenda, it came out that paul minhas and daniel fontaine called the special council meeting, which they’re allowed to do under the legislation that dictates how city councils in bc operate. at no point during the discussion about approving the agenda did either fontaine or minhas provide any sort of clarifications about what the agenda was going to be and what they wanted to discuss during the meeting.
the motion to approve the agenda was defeated, and the meeting was subsequently adjourned.
shortly after that fontaine took to facebook to complain that his “legal right to debate” was denied (it wasn’t, the meeting he called was still held), and that it was “completely undemocratic” (which is a weird way to say “they voted to not approve the agenda in a clear and open vote”). he then posted what he says is the “motion that was not permitted for debate”, a motion that has yet to appear on the city of new westminster’s website or in any official document. (update: the motion now appears on the minutes for the meeting.)
this is one of the cheapest political stunts fontaine has pulled in his time as an elected official. he very easily could have presented this motion on august 26 so they could debate it at the september 9 regular council meeting. this would have given council, staff, and the public ample time to digest his motion and collect any sort of supporting information they may need to discuss and debate it properly. instead he called a special council meeting (which is his right, and his right to do so was in no way infringed) with only a year and four words to go off of (“2025 budget: tax rate proposal”), said absolutely nothing while the rest of council was trying to figure out what was actually going to be discussed, and then after the rest of council votes in favour of not discussing something incredibly vague, he ran off to facebook to “issue a statement”.
politicians like daniel fontaine are why people get fed up with politics. his stunt does absolutely nothing to serve the residents of new westminster. why didn’t he present a notice of motion for this like he’s done in the past? why did he keep the motion secret up until the very last minute? how do the residents of new westminster benefit from this?
let’s discuss property tax rates, sure. are they too high? are they too low? sure, let’s have that discussion. but we have to be informed about what we’re discussing. “2025 budget: tax rate proposal” is not something anybody can have an informed discussion and debate about. the entire budgeting process is designed to provide as much information as possible, which is why it takes about eight months, from community engagement starting in june to the final approval of the budget in late february / early march.
calling a special meeting to discuss “2025 budget: tax rate proposal” with no other information is the completely wrong way of doing this. it has zero information to go off of, nobody can prepare anything to discuss because it’s so vague. daniel fontaine has been through two budget cycles now, he knows very well how the process works, he knows exactly when this sort of discussion happens (it happens during the council workshops — which are open to the public! — between october and january). and yet he decides to drop this in. why?
all this does is get daniel fontaine’s name in the news again, stirs up outrage among his supporters, and makes everybody else roll their eyes. this is the latest — and lowest — in a sad string of stunts. if fontaine really wants to make a name for himself, he should quit with the self-aggrandizing stunts that only serve the interests of daniel fontaine and start acting in the interests of the people of new westminster.


daniel fontaine paul minhas 




what dee beattie should have said 




brad cavanagh 


june 17, 2023june 17, 2023 


 new westminster, politics, school board 




after being outed as being behind a years-long campaign of harassment against new westminster parents, teachers, other school trustees, and a wide range of other people in the community, new west school trustee dee beattie sent out an apology for being caught.
here’s what she should have said:

i apologize fully and without reservation for what i did. i apologize for the harm i have done, and will be undergoing a period of self-reflection, therapy, and other assistance so that i never act in this way again. i will be offering my resignation to the new westminster board of school trustees and withdrawing my membership from community first effective immediately.

instead she made excuses related to “chronic pain and mental health issues”. guess what, people live with chronic pain and aren’t dickbags. people live with mental health issues and don’t set up fake accounts and run them for years in a campaign of harassment. using those as excuses show that she personally doesn’t apologize for her behaviour, instead pushing them off to medical conditions as if they aren’t actually her.
i hope dee beattie gets the help she needs. i also hope that during this healing process she comes to the realization that her behaviour was caused by her, not by her mental illness or chronic pain. triggered by chronic pain or mental illness, perhaps, but ultimately those are a part of who she is, and her behaviour is the chief problem, not the chronic pain or mental illness.


community first dee beattie 



posts pagination
page 1
page 2
…
page 42







search

new west progressives: claiming victory for stuff they voted againstjanuary 29, 2025
letter: compassion, empathy needed to help new west’s homeless populationjanuary 26, 2025
daniel fontaine’s bad mathoctober 28, 2024
daniel fontaine’s “undemocratic” stuntseptember 6, 2024
what dee beattie should have saidjune 17, 2023












copyright info  this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial-sharealike 4.0 international license.
 



search

 




twitter
instagram
last.fm
 





proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
							theme: indreams by gleedthemes.com.												








 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website















































