















university | villanova university


























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x

menu



visit / apply / give










about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









events

















x

search vu




































ignite change. go nova. ®













the only augustinian catholic university in the nation, villanova values a personalized experience where teachers and students are partners in learning and scholarly inquiry. from undergraduate to doctoral students, villanovans are intellectually inspired, morally grounded, globally minded. villanova attracts and forges world changers—people who ignite positive change everywhere life takes them. 













schools & colleges





			college of liberal arts and sciences
		





			college of engineering
		





			villanova school of business
		





			m. louise fitzpatrick college of nursing
		





			charles widger school of law
		





			college of professional studies
		














explore our programs




bachelor's
60+ bachelor's programs in the liberal arts, business, engineering, nursing and the sciences
more




master's
40+ master's programs across disciplines, including 5-year bachelor's/master's programs
more




doctoral
distinctive doctoral programs in the fields of engineering, nursing, philosophy and theology
more




law
jd and joint degrees offered in coordination with other schools and departments
more




online
degree and certificate programs offered online, in-person or hybrid  depending on individual learning needs
more




certificate
a wide variety of undergraduate, post-baccalaureate and graduate certificates, as well as non-credit professional programs
more














at a glance



6,700
full-time undergraduate students


3,100
graduate and law
 students


153
fulbright student award recipients since 2018


95.3%
successfully 
secured opportunities


135,000
alumni 
 worldwide



12
miles 
 outside philadelphia













academics






villanova university is a closely connected academic community with renowned faculty, rich resources and a personalized, supportive learning environment.
villanova provides exceptional opportunities for a wide range of academic experiences, including hands-on research, interdisciplinary collaboration and experiential learning.













faculty & research













understanding the impact of hurricanes on florida’s coast

 






faculty celebrated for distinguished scholarship and research 

 






exploring the intricate nature of speech and language perception

 






opening doors to interdisciplinary research

 






fulbright students make global impact

 






spurring the conversation on poverty and sustainability

 


























villanova experience














virtual visit










service and social justice










alumni network










student life










study abroad










mission & ministry










career success







 
 



























villanova news
















read the fall 2024 edition of villanova magazine online
the digital edition of the fall 2024 villanova magazine is now available. the cover story features faculty, alumni and current students of the department of humanities speaking about the curriculum and the lifelong fruits of asking the great questions here at villanova for more than 20 years. also, in this issue, the launch of espiritus nova: the campaign for villanova university; and villanova experts explain “what’s the big deal about microplastics?”










share  


more  >

























villanova law is redefining the lawyer-entrepreneur relationship
through curriculum, hands-on experience and programming, the john f. scarpa center for entrepreneurship and law, clinic for law and entrepreneurship and intellectual property clinic help students discover where law meets business.










share  


more  >

























nursing students are learning how to recognize and reduce weight bias when treating patients
faculty and staff at the m. louise fitzpatrick college of nursing and the macdonald center for nutrition education and research (mcner) have been taking a proactive approach to reduce the harm of weight bias through research and curricular enhancements.










share  


more  >

























eigenbrodt lab adding fuel to algae’s bioenergy potential
bryan eigenbrodt, phd, associate professor of chemistry and biochemistry in the college of liberal arts and sciences, and his team of student researchers are exploring ways to maximize algae’s potential as a mass-produced biofuel. the findings could play a pivotal role in shaping the future of renewable energy.










share  


more  >













		  visit media room  













villanova athletics



villanova student-athletes are powerfully connected to a tradition of excellence—both academic and athletic. they strive and triumph as much in the classroom as they do in competition.
and for student-athletes and fans alike, villanova athletics is a special way to experience the bond of the nova nation.












							    
							        
							        
							            98% ncaa graduation success rate
							        
							    
							    
 
 



							    
							        
							        
							            average gpa of 3.0 or greater for 39 consecutive semesters
							        
							    
							    
 
 



							    
							        
							        
							            school with the most representatives on the big east all-academic team (2021-22)
							        
							    
							    
 
 



							    
							        
							        
							            recognized by forbes as top college that dominates academically and athletically
							        
							    
							    
 
 










		  visit athletics  













villanova's campus



villanova university is located on a 260-acre campus, 12 miles/19 kilometers west of philadelphia. three campus rail stops provide quick access to philadelphia. villanova also is conveniently close to new york and washington, d.c.






		  maps and directions  

















connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













