









homepage - hal-3 seawolf








































































 
 










homeaboutaircraftaircraftflight purpose codesflight purpose codes decodedthe gunshipsmarkingslist of aircraftpartial list of aircraft serial numbersseawolf 321seawolf 324seawolves downscott kraska’s seawolf restorationsealord historyair and space magazine articlecongress honors hal-3detachmentshistorymail callmemorabiliascramble the seawolves!seawolf memorialwar storiesassociationabout the associationassociation newscontact seawolf associationmembershipseawolf reunionseawolf association education assistance fund scholarship program guidelinesupdate my informationmerchandiseonline storepurple heart canesroh plaque order formseawolf pendantseawolf ringresourcesarticlescombat aircrew wingseaws insigniaenlisted combat roll of honorforumhow to get your medalslinkspicture collectionspicture collections – part 1picture collections – part 2picture collections – part 3picture collections – part 4referencesspeechesva assistance and benefitsvideos




menu  



helatkltron-3 seawolvesus navy helicopter attack (light) squadron three seawolves, vietnam 1966-1972
 
2025 minnesota reunion hotel registration is now open! click here for more info!
 
please use this link to access the original forum: click for original forum
rick racich (web coordinator)
president’s message


naval aviation museum seawolf display effort
as you all know, and as discussed at our reunion business meeting, ed dyer has been working to make certain that the seawolf display at the naval aviation museum in pensacola, florida, is the very best presentation that it can be. other than buying the b model, our mission is to get the museum to tell our story as best as it can be told in a museum setting.  i am hoping they can also provide references to let people know of other sources of information on our squadron.  i believe this our best shot for people to learn about us.  this museum is a top draw in florida and very well known museum.  our display is at the very entrance to hangar bay one so it will be well seen.
 
click here to download a copy of the document provided at the okc reunion in september. it outlines specific materials requested by the museum in support of the hal-3 display.
any items that you might provide to the museum are greatly appreciated. in addition, please note that images you may have posted on this website will be shared with the museum only with your permission to do so.
 
the simplest way to be sure that what you may have on this website has your permission to share with the museum, is to send an email offering your permission for use.
 
do not fall for facebook merchandise scams!!!!our online ship's store is open for business!
in light of the ongoing issues with facebook scams offering seawolf merchandise, it's important to note that official seawolf merchandise can only be purchased through our ship's store. it's also important that we all understand that this is a primary source of revenue with which the association provides scholarships and more.
please continue to patronize our store and support our organization. remember... upon viewing your cart, and at checkout, you'll continue to need to print out your order and send that printout, with your check for the full purchase amount to:
seawolf associationc/o: mike dobson 2054 370th st , harcourt, iowa 50544
*if you have any questions regarding your order, email mike directly at : ninelives@gci.net
aircrafthistorywar storiespicture collectionsdetachmentsseawolf associationmemorabiliavideoskilled in actionseawolf association forumshop merchandisethe seawolf association is looking for any personnel who were attached to ha(l)-3, hc-1, or fasu binh thuy. if you were, or know anyone who was, please contact us at (858) 524-9917. we do not have access to the official navy records as they remain classified in the national archives due to the covert nature of many of the operations, therefore, the only way we can locate fellow seawolves is with your help.
on 3 january 1997, the bureau of naval personnel authorized, retroactively, the awarding of the combat aircrew insignia to combat aircrewmen who served in ha(l)-3. with this approval, we need to locate our doorgunners so they can be awarded these devices and accompanying certificate. to request the insignia, fill out and send in the attached affidavit.





© 2025  seawolf association. all rights reserved.contact webadmin  |  site by think different designs.

homeaboutaircraftaircraftflight purpose codesflight purpose codes decodedthe gunshipsmarkingslist of aircraftpartial list of aircraft serial numbersseawolf 321seawolf 324seawolves downscott kraska’s seawolf restorationsealord historyair and space magazine articlecongress honors hal-3detachmentshistorymail callmemorabiliascramble the seawolves!seawolf memorialwar storiesassociationabout the associationassociation newscontact seawolf associationmembershipseawolf reunionseawolf association education assistance fund scholarship program guidelinesupdate my informationmerchandiseonline storepurple heart canesroh plaque order formseawolf pendantseawolf ringresourcesarticlescombat aircrew wingseaws insigniaenlisted combat roll of honorforumhow to get your medalslinkspicture collectionspicture collections – part 1picture collections – part 2picture collections – part 3picture collections – part 4referencesspeechesva assistance and benefitsvideossearchsubmitclearyour items
 

 
 




































































