









krusinski construction company | commercial construction















































                        630.573.7700
                    




                        info@krusinski.com
                    




















menu 




services


pre-construction


bim


sustainable construction


design-build


general contracting


construction management


project closeout




our work


about kcc


our team


our core values


history


national reach


awards


news + insights




kccares


careers


contact


















 
watch the k50 story









known. experienced. trusted.

                krusinski construction company is a leader in providing comprehensive
                construction services. we say, “we don’t choose projects. we choose people.”
                because we strongly believe in building lasting relationships with our clients
                based on trust and delivering exceptional work with integrity throughout the
                entire design and construction process.
                
                watch the video to the right to hear from a few of the people we’re proud to
                call clients.                
            
learn more about us











tackling complex projects nationwide

                we take pride in working alongside great people from across the nation and in a variety of industries. since 1973, our willingness to take on any project, no matter how complex or challenging it may be, has led to years of building experience in: multi-family and senior living, healthcare, r&d laboratory mission critical, industrial and manufacturing, food & beverage, higher education and training centers, hospitality and retail, mission critical, recreational and religious, and corporate office and interiors.
            







avidor glenview









school health corporation









ferrara candy company









shirley ryan abilitylab - burr ridge








our project portfolio 








we build for you
our team delivers creative solutions to complex projects. we work closely with each client throughout the entire design and construction process. this enables us to identify issues early and assist owners in making informed and cost-effective business decisions.






quality
is never compromised





involvement
builds trust





technology
creates a better experience





safety
saves lives, time & money





check out our building skills 











we build careers


                    imagine working at a place that’s full of trust, passion, energy, and all around great people who will help you succeed. that’s krusinski construction company. we provide great benefits, training and professional development opportunities, and an outstanding work culture.
                
work with us 












have any questions? 
please get in touch! 



 









                                            name                                                            *










                                            email                                                            *






















sign up for the latest news from krusinski construction: 





 








name*
 






email*
 





















quick links


our work


services


about kcc


kccares


careers


contact


sitemap




proud partners


 





contact us



                                2107 swift drive,
                                oak brook, il 60523
                            



                                info@krusinski.com
                            



                                630.573.7700
                            























© 2025 krusinski construction company. all rights reserved.


privacy policy | terms & conditions






















