



















































































sgec | stanford geriatric education center | stanford medicine













skip to content


stanford medicine


stanford geriatric education center




site nav


menu









sgec





stanford medicine
explore stanford medicine


health care 




find a doctor
adult-care doctor
pediatrician or pediatric specialist
obstetrician
clinics & services
adult care
pediatric care
obstetrics
clinical trials



locations
stanford health care
stanford children's health
emergency department
dial 911 in the event of a medical emergency




explore health care
learn how we are healing patients through science & compassion 


 back




research 



basic science departments
clinical science departments
institutes
research centers
see full directory
research resources
research administration
academic profiles
clinical trials
funding opportunities
see all
professional training
postdoctoral scholars
clinical research fellows



research news

neuroscientist michelle monje awarded macarthur 'genius grant' 




explore research
learn how we are fueling innovation 


 back




education 



md program
pa programs
phd programs
masters programs
continuing medical education
postdoctoral scholars
residencies & fellowships
high school & undergraduate programs
see all
education resources
academic profiles
school administration
basic science departments
clinical science departments
alumni services
faculty resources
diversity programs
lane library
student resources



education news

alice l. walton school of medicine and stanford medicine host ai conference on community health 




explore education 
learn how we empower tomorrow's leaders 


 back




give 




support stanford medicine



support teaching, research, and patient care.  
ways to give
why giving matters
make a gift online



support children's health




support lucile packard children's hospital stanford and child and maternal health 
ways to give
how your gift helps
make an online gift


 back




about 



about us
news
contacts
maps & directions
leadership
vision
diversity
global health
community engagement
events
how you can help


stanford school of medicine
stanford health care
stanford children's health

 back




site search

 close menu






 close menu










































































































































































			
	    welcome to sgec
	    
	      


a national resource center in ethnogeriatrics



stanford geriatric education center (sgec) is a nationally recognized leader in the field of ethnogeriatrics, or health care for elders from diverse populations. since sgec was funded by the bureau of the health professions (bhpr) in the health resources and services administration (hrsa) in 1987, hundreds of resources have been developed, and over 1600 trainings have been conducted with over 32,000 faculty and health care providers from a variety of disciplines, including medicine, nursing, social work, psychology, occupational therapy, pastoral counseling, and related fields.

we are currently building a world-class series of 10 online courses covering primary care for culturally diverse populations.















ethnicity and the dementias


edited by gwen yeo, linda a. gerdner and dolores gallagher-thompson










this 3rd edition of ethnicity and the dementias includes the latest background, assessment, and ethnic-specific guidelines for working with culturally diverse elders with dementia and their family caregivers in the united states. featuring contributions from leading clinicians and researchers, this text examines specific issues in dementia care in eleven ethnic/racial groups and the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender population in the context of working with family. recommended assessment of various types of dementia is followed by specific recommendations for assessing and caring for individuals for each cultural group. as an update to the first two editions, this third edition continues to be the only comprehensive resource on ethnicity and dementia. the book is ideal for practitioners, researchers, and policy makers in search of the most current ethnogeriatric findings and is widely used in gerontology course.




purchase a copy of “ethnicity and the dementias" here.













moving to a different beat with taichi & qigong:
nusha askari, phd
























register for sgec's new online courses!






stanford gec faculty and affiliates are developing a comprehensive 10-course series on dementia and diversity in primary care. two are already available for immediate free registration. each course is cme accredited by stanford university school of medicine.

register for “dementia & diversity in primary care" here.

 register for “dementia and diversity in primary care: latino populations" here.
additional courses in the series, including those focusing on specific groups, such as african americans and lgbt, will be coming on line in 2016.
































			
	    individualized music
	    
	      


in persons with adrd



sgec has worked with linda gerdner, phd, to create an instructional video of her decades-long research into music as a non-pharmacological treatment of agitation in dementia care.
watch the video
individualized music in persons with adrd [flier in pdf]
individualized music quick reference guide [pdf]
evidence-based guidelines [pdf]
ethnicity is an inherent criterion for assessment of individualized music for persons with alzheimer’s disease [pdf]
















			
	    video: the treatment of dementia
	    
	      


in hmong americans



linda a. gerdner phd, rn, faan
stanford geriatric education center
ghia xiong, psy.d
 vang leng mouanoutoua, ph.d
fresno center for new americans-living well program
fresno, ca

hmong americans have become a growing segment of the united states of america. let’s learn more about the thousands of hmong people who have settled here. 
watch the video

new book:
demystifying hmong shamanism: practice and use
review
facebook launch page
buy now














	    
	    collaborative opportunities
	    
    




sgec welcomes the opportunity to work collaboratively with community agencies that provide health or mental health care to ethnically diverse older adults to develop training programs in ethnogeriatrics for health care providers. training can be provided on site or delivered through technologies of various kinds. to discuss these opportunities please contact stanfordgec@stanford.edu.
sgec also welcomes the opportunity to collaborate with community and four-year colleges and universities to develop tailored, technology-based faculty development programs incorporating ethnogeriatric information. institutions serving diverse student bodies with limited access to geriatric education centers (gecs) in their region are particularly invited to contact sgec at stanfordgec@stanford.edu.
sgec works with community and academic partners to develop and implement research on topics in ethnogeriatrics, for example, improving diabetes self-care in minority elders. the opportunity to discuss ideas for collaborative research and program evaluation, and options to secure funding to support these efforts is welcome. please contact dr. gallagher-thompson dolorest@stanford.edu.
 
















watch the 21st annual updates on dementia conference
click here

























google+




share




























gsa 2015
aging is a lifelong process.


listen to three presentations



















hmong story cloths: stitching a history
october 7, 2016 - january 15, 2017
the san jose museum of quilts and textiles is pleased to present the exhibition hmong story cloths: stitching a history.
download the event brochure here.













18th annual updates on dementia
watch the entire conference on video here













2016 international conference on shamanism 

september 3-4, 2016

sgec's dr linda gerdner will be a keynote speaker at the 2016 international conference on shamanism on labor day weekend, sept. 3-4. her topic will be “demystifying hmong shamanism: practice and use by hmong americans across the lifespan”

click here to register or for more information.













2016 stanford gec 160-hour faculty development program in ethnogeriatrics

melen mcbride, rn phd; nancy hikoyeda, drph; marita grudzen, mhs; kala mehta, dsc, mph; marian tzuang, msw; gwen yeo, phd



 download brochure 


















2015 lgbt & caregiving for persons with alzheimer's


watch the entire conference




















geriatric emergency preparedness
2015 sgec webinars


read more














sgec is now offering 
skills training!





























sgec

 21st annual updates on dementia conference20th annual updates on dementia conference19th annual updates on dementia conference18th annual updates on dementia conference17th annual updates on dementia conference16th annual updates on dementia15th annual updates on dementia consortium members  mission & goals dementia and caregiving depression diabetes sgec  behavioral activation series emergency preparedness sgec webinars sgec nephrology conferences cultural and spiritual diversity in end of life care books & publications by sgec and affiliates health literacy ethnogeriatric competencies educational programs research sgec staff & partners contact info & maps support sgec





















 find people


 visit stanford


 search clinical trials


 give a gift







©2025 stanford university



privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility



see us on facebook




see us on x (twitter)











stanford university


stanford school of medicine


stanford health care


stanford children's health


stanford health care tri-valley


stanford medicine partners










