



untitled document








gary wollin: professional motivational keynote speaker trainer
























high-content entertaining keynote speaker


          
















this 
              is a short video of me addressing 800 members of the treasury management 
              association of new york at the hilton hotel. 




 



              to start the video, click on the movie above.



your audience learns while they are entertained.
a motivational speaker and professional sales trainer, who combines the practical knowledge gained during more than 45 years of commission sales, with humor, high energy and magic.
a sales and customer service expert, gary presents content-rich, customized talks for your audience, along with dozens of real-life stories, proven to yield immediate bottom line results. 
gary's programs 
        get rave reviews from meeting 
        planners and attendees.

"although 
          we had determined to hire you for both events because you were so easy 
          to work with, the great response you received from our first group of 
          supervisors sealed the deal for the second talk. i'm sure you put a 
          great deal of time into learning about toyota, our business and our 
          people in order to customize your talks for us."
ken pilone, national 
          sales manager
          toyota motor sales, u.s.a., inc.

gary's 
        programs return to top
sales 
        - the m.a.g.i.c. formula

        this focused presentation by a master salesman is specifically designed 
        to give practical selling strategies and techniques to sales professionals 
        and then motivate them to use these tools to close more sales. motivation, 
        action, goals, improvement and commitment.
financial 
        product sales (top 10 list)
        a humorous look at the foibles and folly of the retail customer and the 
        things they say and do which cause them to harm themselves. gary demonstrates 
        proven techniques designed to show producers how to quickly and effectively 
        answer the most common objections in a win/win manner and then to close 
        the sale. 
customer 
        service 
        satisfied customers shop anywhere. loyal customers return over and over 
        again, and recommend you to their friends. exceptional customer service 
        is not an extra cost of doing business. it is an investment in your own 
        future success.
peak 
        performance (the m. a. g. i. c. formula of success)
        this motivational talk focuses on boosting performance, while lowering 
        stress, by utilizing the threads of success woven through the lives of 
        winners: motivation, action, goals, improvement 
        and commitment.
how 
        to lo$e money in the stock market
        blending high content with tongue-in-cheek humor, this talk is designed 
        to teach while it entertains. gary takes a hard but amusing look at some 
        of the biggest blunders investors should avoid in order to make more money.
change 
        - growth without stress
        unfolding the map of the road he took when he was fired from a job 35 
        years ago, gary demonstrates his simple yet powerful 5 step process turning 
        change into growth, without stress.






 
home | talks 
          | about gary | testimonials
guarantee | contact 
          | money report  


copyright 
        © gary wollininfo@garywollin.com 
        










