





heartland quilt network | an organization for quilt guilds, quilt professionals, and quilt shops in the heartland area, which includes kansas, missouri, nebraska, iowa, oklahoma, and arkansas.





































































homeaboutjoin hqneventsquilt showslectures/workshopsguild meetingsquilt community eventssupporting sponsor eventsquilt guildscontact usmembers loginmembers only 



hqn members' annual meeting -- march 29, 2025 in lenexa, kansaswelcome to hqndoes your quilt guild need help finding speakers and/or instructors? do you have a program or trunk show to share with other quilters?  are you a quilting instructor and looking for new opportunities?  do you have a quilt related business or organization and want to connect with quilt guilds and quilting professionals?

the heartland quilt network (hqn) was established in 1999 with the purpose to connect quilt guilds, quilt professionals, quilt shops, quilt museums, and other quilt related businesses.  hqn works continually to share information from our members on their lectures, programs, workshops, quilt shows and events to assist in promoting the popular and enduring art of quilt making.


hqn began as a midwest organization, stretching across arkansas, kansas, missouri, nebraska and oklahoma, but through our growth has expanded across the country. 

check out the "events" page for the activity of our members: guild meetings; lectures/workshops; quilt community events; quilt shows; and supporting sponsor events.



heartland quilt network (hqn) has over a hundred members across five midwestern states. member categories are:

guilds:  quilting guilds and/or organizations that promote the art of quilting through meetings, workshops, and networking with one another;

professionals:  speakers and instructors who promote quilting through programs and workshops; and
supporting sponsors:  quilt shops, museums, and other businesses that sell products to quilters, provide classes, and promote the art of quilting.
keep up with hqn member activities under "events!"



 
 12apr 2025

sunflower quilters’ guild – humboldt – quilt show

iola, ks


  
 03may 2025

sunflower piecemakers quilt guild – lansing – quilt show

sunflower piecemakers, lansing, ks


  
 12jun 2025

2025 kansas city regional quilt festival

overland park convention center, overland park, ks


  
 15aug 2025

pryor patchers quilt guild quilt show

mayes county event center - pryor, ok


  
 12sep 2025

twilight stitchers quilt show

first united methodist church, blue springs, mo


  
 24oct 2025

lee’s summit quilters’ guild – quilt show 2025

woods chapel methodist church - lee's summit, mo


 



        no event found!    
view all eventshqn memberssend your guild meetings, programs, and quilt show information to hqnwebmaven@gmail.com.




homeaboutjoin hqneventsquilt guildscontact usmembers loginhomeaboutjoin hqnquilt showslectures/workshopsguild meetingsquilt guildscontact usmembers only

homeaboutjoin hqneventsbackquilt showslectures/workshopsguild meetingsquilt community eventssupporting sponsor eventsquilt guildscontact usmembers loginbackmembers onlysearchsubmitclear
 
 
































































