




  




online registration software & class registration apps
































sales
 866.333.2338


support
 877.rs.help.5





home
products
pricing
support
about





 






simple, intuitive web-based apps for online registration, equipment inventory and rental management solutions as well as league and employee scheduling.
get out of the office and back to your customers.




im
imtrack
league scheduling





ct
classtrack
class registration





gt
geartrack
equipment rental





rt
reftrack
employee scheduling




 
 



who we are...
at recreational solutions we like to think of ourselves as "athletic geeks."  the owners met working together in the campus recreation industry, and continue their involvement with the industry both through managing the company and outside involvement in athletics.  an emphasis on establishing relationships with clientele allows for continued feedback and maintaining a pulse of the industry.
what we do...
for 12 years the “geeks” at recreational solutions have had the goal to provide affordable solutions that enhance productivity and efficiency while providing excellent technical support.  over a 100 institutions, including nirsa national tournaments, have trusted recreational solutions (or the geeks) to help manage their programs with one or more of our "track" family products. learn more about our league scheduling and employee scheduling software, equipment rental software and class registration software, then get started on your free 30-day trial on any plan! 


what we offer...

imtrack online
classtrack online
geartrack online
reftrack online

what they say...



since we instituted classtrack, we have grown 25% larger with four registration cycles per year and it is all managed and run by volunteers.  this would not have been possible without classtrack.
dr. arlen baumhoefner, ph. d.yeah, st. paul, mn.


imtrack is easy to learn, to use, to teach, and to master.
matthew boyerlsu university recreation


what impressed me the most about geartrack was how quickly our student staff was able to learn, navigate, and utilize this web based software.
linda rosenkranzdirector, outdoor recreation programvanderbilt university


i like that reftrack syncs all the scheduled games that is needed for officials with imtrack.
tom soria, rcrspassistant director of intramuralsuniversity of miami






news



june
7


official facebook page
we reached 25 likes and now have an official facebook page!  check us out at http://www.facebook.com/recreationalsolutions/! 




apr
18


we have a winner!!
congratulations to nick demarchi, winner of the ipad touch giveaway!  thanks to everyone that filled out the survey.  we appreciate the feedback.




apr
12


we are at nirsa!
come by booth 518 for more information on our products!  we look forward to seeing all our customers!




apr
7


follow us on twitter
follow us @rec_solutions on twitter to get immediate notifications for updates and other important news.




mar
24


new site launch
check out the new site design. check out our new pay per use model for our "track" family of products.






our customers...















 
 



products


imtrack


classtrack


geartrack


reftrack




features


league scheduling


online team registration


league participation management


league tournaments


league web portal


league management


online class registration


class scheduling


class participation management


instructors management


equipment management


equipment rental software


equipment reservations


equipment check out


equipment maintenance


bike rental software


computer rental software


referee scheduling


tool rental software


referee scheduling


employee portal




recsolutions


about us


news


careers


contact us




community





facebook


linkedin




useful websites


real math standards











          copyright © cfm enterprises 2013. all rights reserved.
        


 
















