



	madagascar black pepper | old stone market







































 




items in your cart: 0
current subtotal: $0.00
  









home | about us | contact us | questions | my account | view cart / checkout

























black peppercorns

dry rubs
herbs & spices
himalayan salt lamps
pepper mills
salt mills
sea salts
specials



shipping special!
flat rate shipping of $17.50 on all orders up to $100.
flat rate shipping of $15 on orders $101 to $149.99.
flat rate shipping of $10 on orders $150 and above.
site map privacy policy recipes shipping questions
































karen's children book








 


















follow us on facebook
welcome to a unique shopping experience created by karen jean vaucher, a 30 year veteran of the restaurant business in the toughest market in the world - new york city!
our specialty: black pepper from madagascar 
when i first received a kilo of this very special peppercorn as a gift from a business associate i loved it right off the bat. being a foodie my whole life i immediately filled all my peppermills at home with this extraordinary product. what i didn't expect was the reaction i had from guests in my home. as they ground the pepper i observed surprise, curiosity and pure pleasure as first the aroma and then the taste entered into their senses. "what kind of pepper is this? it smells and tastes so good" was the usual response. at this point i realized i had to inquire about importing this product. after extensive research i discovered that the pepper from madagascar is the finest, most aromatic pepper in the world.
madagascar pepper is loved by the french who prized the country of madagascar as one of its colonies for many generations. thus, the french purchase about 98% of the madagascar harvest each year. the remaining peppercorns stay in the region of africa. spices, such as black pepper, only grow in very specific parts of the world where the climate is right. it takes a significant amount of rainfall, on a daily basis, along with intense heat and humidity to grow a superior product. as a product of their environment, the peppercorns of madagascar are the best in the world. each grain is hand picked from the clusters on the branches harvested each year. this is a mind boggling concept when you think about the size of an individual peppercorn. my research confirmed that no one in the u.s. was importing pepper from madagascar, so i have a unique product. if you try these peppercorns, i guarantee you will be hooked from the get go.
as featured in food & wine top picks for life changing tools: check out our selection of atlas pepper mills.
i am now carrying a variety of sea salts from around the world, as well as other gourmet products and gadgets from the mediterranean region of france and italy. see our exciting 5 new infused sea salts. after a twenty year career as a french bistro owner (bistro du nord, le bilboquet, bar du theatre) in new york city, i now operate old stone market out of harper, tx, where i have become known as a chef's resource.  make your salt even better with our salt mills!try our special collection dry rubs and add pizzazz to your cooking, our best sellers are quebec steak seasoning and herbes de provence. you will be sure to wow your guests and family with this selection of dry rubs, perfect for grilling and roasting chicken or steaks.










































copyright © 2004-2020 old stone market. all rights reserved.harper, tx830 864-5060cellular 631 377-0878about us | contact us | questions | site map | privacy policy | recipes | resources & links




























