



























prolight + sound - the global entertainment technology show






skip





back


close navigation



home






about prolight + sound

product segment, concept, partners





about prolight + sound




product groups




reasons to participate




partners & supporters




advisory board




prolight + sound worldwide




sustainability at messe frankfurt









exhibitor & products
exhibitor search prolight + sound 2025




themes & events

event programme, conferences





themes & events




event calendar 2025




audio & studio






audio & studio




musiconex









theatre & light




sustainability & green




campus & career




camera & broadcast




knowledge hub




awards






awards




sinus nominees




opus nominees









videos 2024




keynotes 2024









planning & preparations

information for exhibitors and visitors





planning & preparations




information for visitors




information for exhibitors






information for exhibitors




pr & marketing




exhibitor checklist









intention to exhibit




sponsoring




guided tours




exhibition grounds




arrival & stay




exhibitor information a - z




your lecture









exhibitor services

services for your stand





exhibitor services




ordering services




stand construction and equipment






stand construction and equipment




stand engineering




stand services and personnel




service packages




messe frankfurt wifi




standapproval









advertising






advertising




indoor advertising




outdoor advertising




online advertising




advertising in the publications




download logos and advertising material




pr & marketing









catering




logistics and traffic management






logistics and traffic management




logistic services




traffic management









messe frankfurt against copying




media package manager (mpm)




safety and hygiene concept









press

press information about prolight + sound





press




press releases




press material




download logos and advertising material










tickets & registration


opening times


contact


worldwide


social media














close search

search




overall search 

content

exhibitors & products 

event calendar










overall search 
content
exhibitors & products 
event calendar





search














close


                    share
                




facebook





x





linkedin





xing





whatsapp





recommend page by email





copy to clipboard






















menu


search















en




                    de (de) - deutsch
                



                    en (gb) - english
                














get your free ticket and join in the celebrations!
simply answer our question about the year in which prolight + sound was held for the first time and get a free ticket to the big anniversary event.



                    be there!
                
































8. – 11. april 2025
frankfurt am main





            tickets & register
        









celebrate with us!
celebrate 30 years of prolight + sound in frankfurt with us. be inspired by the entire range of products and topics from the event technology industry in one place. we look forward to welcoming you from 8 to 11 april.




the prolight + sound top themes 2025







progreen: impulses for a more sustainable event industry
the future of the event sector is green. under the top theme ‘progreen’, we are highlighting the latest trends and developments that are driving the eco-friendly orientation and design of the event industry.







multitech: flexible and smart
efficiency, flexibility and sustainability are at the heart of modern event technology. our top theme ‘multitech’ is dedicated to innovative, versatile technologies and concepts and their influence on the event industry.







futurescapes: worlds of experience between immersion and ai
welcome to ‘futurescapes’ – your gateway to the fascinating possibilities that arise when immersive technologies and artificial intelligence redefine the boundaries of entertainment experiences.






pls community nights – three unforgettable evenings in frankfurt







highlight: 30th anniversary of pls – celebration
experience three special nights full of music, entertainment and good company. at selected locations throughout frankfurt, we offer you the perfect opportunity to let the day at the fair come to a relaxed close. look forward to rousing live acts, djs and a varied musical programme. enjoy delicious drinks and snacks, make new contacts or simply party with us.


        the prolight + sound community nights. be there!
    















musiconex 
experience a new exhibition format: it transforms music into an interactive experience through live performances, production, marketing, gaming and lifestyle.

learn more



















                your ticket
            

                be there at prolight + sound
            



buy a ticket















                the contactor
            

                exhibitors, products, contacts
            



exhibitor search















                events
            

                the programme of the fair 
            



programme & events















            prolight + sound 2025 keynotes
        



previous


next





























        tuesday (8 april)
    






main stage:

dr uve samuels, ceo and founder of the exponential innovation institute: ‘ai: the stage is yours’
yasi hofer (guitarist, for helene fischer, among others), anouk wipprecht (fashion tech designer) and linnea ljungmark (md entrepreneur, ‘women in lighting’ ambassador): ‘women in technical professions or women power’
guy bigwood, ceo of the global destinations sustainability movement: ‘strategies for sustainable events’

theatre stage:

dave weatherhead, president of tait technologies uk ltd.: ‘a new paradigm for show control’
stefan czernik, project manager light technology / research & development light at adam hall: ‘p6: cameo's solution for theatre lighting's future’
frank schlögel, head of engineering projects and installation service, and sales manager michael berteit (igus gmbh): ‘next generation cable routing’










         wednesday (9 april)
    






main stage:


sven ortel, professor of practice at arizona state university: ‘entertaining change’
christo squier, composer, creative director & installation artist and chris ball, designer and creative technologist: ‘immersive physics: translating cosmic mysteries into artistic expression’
dr. rer. pol. michael neubauer, m.a. audiovisual authors alliance: ‘the future of film and tv production in germany’
patrick woodroffe, founding partner / principal designer woodroffe bassett design, ‘the politics of failure’ 


theatre stage:

james pemblington, project manager at tait technologies: ‘considerations for venues investing in a house stage – maximise your roi’
anke schierenbeck, team leader at visiontwo: ‘no more lamps in storage? what to do? led refurbishment in theatres’
anouk wipprecht, fashion tech designer: ‘multitech & robotics’










        thursday (10 april)
    






main stage:

yasi hofer, guitarist for helene fischer, among others: ‘guitarist as a show effect?’
vickie claiborne, lighting and digital media designer: ‘empowering creativity in the age of advanced technology’
claire o´neill, ceo & co founder ‘agf a greener future’, topic: tba 

theatre stage:

sven ortel, professor of practice at arizona state university: ‘hiding media in plain sight’
briony berning, business development engineer at ayrton lighting: ‘engineering excellence: ayrton's impact on theatrical lighting’
experts from conductix-wampfler gmbh: ‘spectrum of energy and data transmission in event technology’










        friday (11 april)
    






main stage:

timon löhr, lawyer and expert in event law: an overview of legal challenges and best practices for security concepts for major events.

theatre stage:

samuel sloboda, ceo of the srs group: ‘signal and power distribution at fixed installations and theatres
karla lopez, lighting designer and creative director at women in lighting (wil): ’the art of lighting design’














        all lectures and speakers
    






new: the prolight + sound whatsapp newsletter







we are on whatsapp now!
subscribe to our prolight + sound whatsapp newsletter and receive important updates, exclusive offers and exciting news directly on your smartphone.
simply scan the qr code and be part of the community.






we invite you to prolight + sound!







with the hosted buyer programme, you can enjoy an all-inclusive package that covers travel and hotel costs! decision-makers, purchasesr and event technicians enjoy special benefits.


        learn more
    







follow us!







let's stay in touch. we invite you to subscribe to our social media channels and tag us in your posts, or use our official hashtag #pls30years 
let`s get social:
hashtag: #pls30years 
whatsapp newsletter: prolight-sound.com/whatsapp-registration
facebook: facebook.com/prolightsoundfrankfurt
linkedin: linkedin.com/showcase/prolight-sound
instagram: instagram.com/pls_frankfurt
youtube: youtube.com/user/plsfrankfurt
pinterest: pinterest.com/prolightsound










best of prolight + sound 2024









save the date







put the new date of prolight + sound 2025 in your calendar right away!


        prolight + sound: 8. – 11. april 2025
    










subscribe to the newsletter







don't miss any news. stay up to date and subscribe to the prolight + sound newsletter.


        subscribe to the newsletter
    



























prolight + sound blog
industry and exhibitor news, interviews as well as information about prolight + sound.


















videos
videos from and about prolight + sound.



















click here to register as an exhibitor.



secure your ticket now! or redeem your voucher here.



current press releases, photos - discover our service for journalists.












stay up to date

        subscribe to our newsletter
    




follow us on




facebook




instagram




pinterest




youtube




linkedin




blog









if you need more help, let us know


















































contact



how to get to prolight + sound


















































































































































































































plan your arrival










previous


next






























        imprint
    



        privacy policy
    



        gtc
    


© messe frankfurt exhibition gmbh

















