




 

 
 








st. joseph hospital - eureka | providence









 

































englishespañol







languages


english


español











skip to main content
 




















provide your location


we'll use your location to find clinics, hospitals and doctors closest to you.







zip code or city






















mychart    






pay my bill    






careers    










 









 
                                    my account
                                
 













 
 
 













 



















popular searches





quick links

























find a doctor    






locations    







services    












cancer    




heart & vascular    




neurosciences    




orthopedics    




primary care    






pediatrics    




maternity    




urgent care    




view all    









get care    












see a doctor    




same day care    




get care virtually    




download providence app    




schedule with mychart     









billing support    












online bill pay    




help paying your bill    




get a price estimate    








pay my bill    






mychart    






careers    

























popular searches





quick links











 

 



 




                                        community notice
                                            
our commitment to safe, high-quality care for pregnant patients















 






                                st. joseph hospital eureka
                            






st. joseph hospital eureka


about us




medical staff services
physicians information
recognition
volunteer opportunities






our departments






ambulatory surgical services
cancer program
childbirth center
diagnostic imaging services
emergency department






endoscopic services
heart institute
neurosurgery
orthopedics and sports medicine
view all








patients and visitors




advance care planning
insurance and health plans
medical records






classes and events


contact us


residency & fellowship programs


more


















 







 











            providence st. joseph hospital eureka
        




















            4.8
                  |  1,772 ratings        







2700 dolbeer st, eureka, ca 95501



            7311.6 miles away
        




            707-445-8121
        




        707-445-8121

    







            providence st. joseph hospital eureka
        




















            4.8
                  |  1,772 ratings        














707-445-8121




2700 dolbeer st, eureka, ca 95501



            7311.6 miles away
        



 



 













                            overview
                        

                            patients and visitors information
                        

                            ways to give
                        






                                    overview
                                    








st. joseph hospital has been serving the health care needs of humboldt county since 1920. comprised of two campuses, st. joseph hospital, eureka and the general hospital campus are located within a quarter mile of each other in eureka. we offer comprehensive health services and are growing to meet the needs of our community.
learn more about us 









                                    patients and visitors information
                                    








if you are planning on visiting someone at st joseph hospital, eureka, then we are here to help ensure that your visit is as smooth and easy as possible. we have provided this website as a helpful tool in providing you with the information that you need when planning a visit.
patient and visitor information 









                                    ways to give
                                    








for over 100 years, st. joseph hospital has enjoyed tremendous community support. today, more than ever, st. joseph hospital depends on contributions from our grateful patients and community members. you gifts, no matter the size, make a tremendous difference in the lives of our families, friends and neighbors here on the north coast. 
the foundation dedicates its funds to priority capital needs, core programs, scholarships and new program support. if you have any questions or would like more information about our foundation, please call 707-445-8121.
learn about ways to give 









 







recognition 









u.s. news & world report - north coast best regional hospital in 8 types of care (2024-25)









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in colon cancer surgery (2024-25)









u.s. news & world report - high performing hospital in copd (2024-25)







see all recognition 
 







current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





browse hospital departments 

 











view all departments 
 



our medical groupat the core of each of our medical groups is dedication to personalized, compassionate, comprehensive health care. we strive to meet the needs of the communities we serve, providing care when you need it, where you need it, and with specialized expertise

providence medical group, humboldt
 



providence expresscaresee a health care provider today at a convenient neighborhood clinic or virtually through your smartphone or computer.book now 



patient portalmanage your care with mychartmychart makes it easy to get care and manage your health including checking in for your next appointment. at any time, on any device you can:

message your care team
manage appointments
view test results
renew prescriptions
pay bills

learn more about mychart benefits. sign up now 






news & information from our experts 










                        "physician in triage" program shortens er wait times at st. joseph hospital
                    

                            2/18/2025
                        
the results of the pit program: significantly shorter wait times, more er patients treated in less time and better outcomes for cases where every minute matters.








                        our commitment to high-quality emergency care for pregnant patients
                    

                            2/14/2025
                        
we want to take this opportunity to reassure our community, especially those who are pregnant, that we are committed to your health and safety.








                        providence draws large crowd for annual nurse hiring event
                    

                            5/22/2024
                        
providence hospitals in humboldt county successfully completed their annual nursing hiring event on may 16








                        providence shines light on mental health issues in may
                    

                            5/14/2024
                        
the “light up green” initiative aligns with mental health america’s nationwide campaign in may, encouraging structures to glow in green,







read more news 
 

 

current templateid = {e8280983-a110-4f2a-92f4-13ce71c28ee2}





looking for a different location? 





                        set your location to find care near you. your location:
                    







zip code or city








 











find another location 
 




 






















our mission
as expressions of god's healing love, witnessed through the ministry of jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. 







our values
compassion, dignity, justice, excellence, integrity. learn more about our mission, vision and values. 






contact us 









across providence 

about us 

health equity 

initiatives 

annual report to our communities 

community health needs assessments and improvement plans 

our doctors 

our nurses 









resources 

for caregivers  (our employees) 

careers 

physician & provider careers 

supplier portal 

classes and events 

online bill pay & financial assistance 

get a price estimate 

price transparency 

read our blog 




















connect with us 

 

 

 

 

 







disclaimer 

terms of use & privacy policy 

notice of nondiscrimination and communication assistance 

notice of privacy practices 

patient rights  





©2025 providence. all rights reserved.
 














