









consequently.org — greg restall’s home on the internet.









home


news


writing


presentations


classes


about










                hello! i’m greg restall, and this is my personal website. ¶ i am a professor of philosophy at the university of st andrews, and i like thinking about – and helping other people think about – logic and philosophy and the many different ways they can inform each other. i am known for work on substructural logics, logical pluralism, and, more recently, connections between proof theory and philosophy. ¶ i use this site to post news items and the occasional thought, and to serve as a repository of my writing, presentations and teaching.
            









news



books read: january 2025
31 january 2025

this month’s reading was mostly nonfiction, featuring kevin
hart’s contemplation (the
movements of the
soul),
haruki murakami’s essay collection novelist as
a
vocation,
the harrowing  chasing shadows: the life and death of peter
roebuck
by tim lane and elliot
cartledge,
drew neil’s  practical
vim (i’m
trying to brush up my text editing skills), and finally,  timothy
larsen’s george
macdonald in the age of
miracles.
i rounded off the month enjoying my next two instalments of dan
moren’s galactic cold war series, the short story
showdown and the rollicking
novel the aleph
extraction. that was a fun read on the
flight to australia.





books read: december 2024
1 january 2025

happy new year, everyone!
as 2024 draws to a close, i’ve finished another month of reading, so let’s close
out my log of books read over 2024 with a short description of december’s reading.
first up, i enjoyed reading the second entry in
dan moren’s galactic cold war series:
the bayern agenda.
as with the previous entry,
this was a fun spy thriller, with a cold war science fictional setting.
dan moren has a deft hand as an author, weaving a
plot which balances ratcheting tension and building suspense, while treating
the reader—and his characters—with respect. i will enjoy reading the remaining
entries in the series in the coming months.
my second novel was very different: i re-read george macdonald’s
lilith, a fantasy,
first published in 1895. macdonald was a scottish author (and congregational
minister) who mentored lewis carroll (charles dodgson), and whose work inspired
and influenced other religiously inflected writers of fantasy, such as j. r. r. tolkien,
madeleine l’engle and c. s. lewis. lilith is an odd book: it’s the story of mr vane,
a man whose life centres on his library (and, we later discover, his love of horses), and
who has few significant relationships with other people. his library seems to be haunted
by its former librarian, and soon, mr vane is transported to another world, many adventures
are had, mistakes are made and lessons are learned. (i’m being very general and schematic
here. i’d rather leave it for you to
read to learn the
details for yourself.) what most interested me most in this re-reading was macdonald’s
view of conversion and personal transformation. macdonald was a universalist (one who
believes that god will save everyone in the end), and in lilith, macdonald’s universalism
is on display, telling a tale in which the resolution is not one where the antagonists are
destroyed, but rather, move towards reconciliation.read more…




another semester done
20 december 2024

i’ve completed the moderation of the exam for intermediate
logic, and with that, the final
administrative responsibilities for this semester are complete. now it’s time
to take a short break over christmas and the new year, and then to start
a semester of research leave. i’m looking forward to time set aside to think,
to write, and to talk to colleagues, near and far.
i have some trips lined up, to north america, and to continental europe, in the
months ahead. i’ll post notice of these
here, as the details are ironed down.
in the mean time, i’m looking forward to having that time to think and to
write.

an in-place away notice






congratulations, john!
29 november 2024

my last phd student at the university of melbourne has completed his project, and is now dr john cleary. congratulations, john!
it was so much fun to help supervise your project. i’ve learned a lot about albert lautman, and his account of the development of mathematics and the dialectic of ideas, problems and mathematical progress.read more…




graham priest is in the house
25 november 2024

this week, aaron cotnoir’s instruments of
unity project and i are
hosting a short visit from our friend (and my phd supervisor), professor
graham priest. it’s always enjoyable to spend time
with him, and tomorrow, we’re going to teach a the second-last lecture class
for my intermediate logic cohort together, on the liar
paradox and non-classical logic.
today, he gave a talk on nothing and its paradoxical properties.

 graham priest and the inclosure schema
read more…




podcast recommendation: marooned on mars
25 november 2024

i mentioned yesterday that this month i’ve
enjoyed rereading kim stanley robinson’s mars trilogy. this time around, after completing my
re-read, i’ve enjoyed listening to
marooned on mars, a podcast devoted
to kim stanley robinson’s fiction. the initial conceit of the podcast was that the hosts,
matt hauske and
hilary strang (two humanities academics, based in chicago)
would take a section from the mars trilogy, one episode at a time, and discuss it, drawing out
themes, pointing out connections, and generally, enjoying talking about the work.read more…




books read: september, october, november 2024
24 november 2024

this teaching semester has been
keeping
me
so
busy that i have not kept up with
my monthly reading logs. i’ve had enough time to read, but i haven’t found
the time to keep you, my reader, up with what i’ve been reading. i’ll attempt
to remedy this now, by giving a very brisk run-down of my reading over the last
three months.
this last three months has been dominated by fiction reading, so let me start
with the little pile of non-fiction that i enjoyed. first, for the philosophy,
i enjoyed todd may’s friendship in an
age of
economics,
a nice little work in moral/social psychology on the value of friendship and
its usefulness as giving us insight into value that does not register in our
econometric age. for theology, i enjoyed one longer book,  women and the
gender of
god,
by amy peeler, and two very slim books, why did
jesus have to
die?,
by jane williams and
passions of the
soul, by
jane’s husband, rowan williams.
the little buddhist text on mindul living, the practice of not
thinking,
by ryunosuke koike was a fun read, too. the final non-fiction book from the
last three months was very different to all of the others: daniel p.
friedman and david thrane
christiansen’s fun little dialogue the little
typer was a sweet little introduction to
dependent type theory, which i’ve been thinking
about lately, and i plan to
think about this some more in the coming year.read more…



recent writing


modal logic and contingent existence (genreality and existence 2), article in progress for australasian philosophical review
abstract
pdf

what can we mean? on practices, norms and pluralisms (to appear in the proceedings of the aristotelian society)
                abstract
pdf

generics: inference & accommodation (to appear in mind, language, and social hierarchy: constructing a shared social world, sally haslanger, karen jones, françois schroeter, laura schroeter, editors, oxford university press)
                abstract
pdf

“questions, justification requests, inference, and definition” synthese 204:139 (2024)
                abstract
pdf

“substructural logics,” an entry in the stanford encyclopedia of philosophy, 2024. (substantial revision of the 2000 entry.)
                abstract


finitude, eternity, love, the good, and martin hägglund’s this life
abstract
pdf

introduction to classical logic greg restall, translated by  xu min. huazhong university of science & technology press, 2024.
                abstract



recent presentations


defining rules for quantifiers and identity, programming principles, logic, and verification group, computer science department, university college london; 20 february 2025. coming soon


what can we mean?, winter arché research day 2024; 13 december 2024. 
                

defining quantifiers, topics in free logic, a workshop at the munich center for mathematical philosophy; 16 november 2024. 
                

what can we mean? — on practices, norms and pluralism, the aristotelian society; 28 october 2024. 
                

what do calculators tell us about meaning?, st andrews philsoc; 7 october 2024. 
                

models for identity in three-valued logics, british logic colloquium 2024; 5 september 2024. 
                

what do we mean? semantics, practices and pluralism, arché metaphysics and logic seminar; 3 july 2024. 
                

recent classes



py2010: intermediate logic, the university of st andrews; september 2024.   
                


proof theory, nordic logic summer school 2024; june 2024.   
                


py4612: advanced logic, the university of st andrews; january 2024.   
                


py2010: intermediate logic, the university of st andrews; september 2023.   
                


py4601: paradoxes, the university of st andrews; january 2023.   
                


py1012: reasoning, the university of st andrews; january 2023.   
                


py3100: reading philosophy 1—texts in language, logic, mind, epistemology, metaphysics and science, the university of st andrews; september 2022.   
                









about



i’m greg restall, and this is my personal website. ¶ i am the shelby cullom davis professor of philosophy at the university of st andrews, and the director of the arché philosophical research centre for logic, language, metaphysics and epistemology ¶ i like thinking about – and helping other people think about – logic and philosophy and the many different ways they can inform each other.


subscribe
to receive updates from this site, subscribe to the  rss feed in your feed reader. alternatively, follow me at  @consequently@hcommons.social, where most updates are posted.


contact

 social media: @consequently@scholar.social.
 personal email: greg@consequently.org.
 st andrews profile.
 my office is in edgecliffe, the scores.







this site is powered by netlify, github, hugo, bootstrap, and coffee.   ¶   © 1992–2025 greg restall.






