


working group on environmental justice






 
 
working 
group on environmental justice 
in association with   harvard's  w.e.b.
du bois institute for african and african american research










 
james hoyte and timothy c. weiskel


  program directors
 http://ecojustice.net







 


       
            issues of environmental justice are growing in importance in several 
            areas. on the domestic front it has long been recognized that environmental 
            amenities on the one hand and toxic waste sites on the other are not uniformly 
            distributed in reference to income group, class or ethnic communities. on 
            an international scale as well there are marked and increasing disparities 
            in the world community between those who have access to clean and safe resources 
            and those who do not. disparities of this nature may be the result of historical 
            circumstance, contemporary economic and trade relations or simply inadequate 
            or inappropriate governmental regulation. whatever their source, it is clear 
            that an interdisciplinary approach is needed both to understand and ameliorate 
          these problems. 
      
            with initial support from the university provost's fund for
              interfaculty  collaboration and the university committee on
                environment the interfaculty working group on environmental
                  justice was originally created at harvard as an interdisciplinary and university-wide
            effort to examine issues of environmental justice both within this country
            and around the world.  the law school, the kennedy school, the school of
            public health, the divinity  school, the business school, the school of education
            and various departments within the faculty of arts and sciences all contain
            people and resources devoted to exploring problems of environmental justice
            in one form or another.  our attempt in this university-wide effort was to
            bring together faculty members from these schools and departments to meet
            monthly and share their understandings and perspectives on these matters.
            through these exchanges we felt we could better assess how
            harvard's various departments, faculties and schools might contribute to
            analyzing and resolving some of the problems in this important new area of
            public concern and policy consideration. 
     
            since 2007 the emphasis of the working group has been to convene and present a annual university course in the spring semester through the harvard extension school. this course, entitled, "an introduction to environmental justice" has been conducted on campus at harvard but it has been made available as well as a "distance education" course through the online facilities of the harvard extension school. 






those interested in further information about the working 
                group may contact the
program directors, james 
                hoyte or timothy c. weiskel.















