



slicer dicer volume data visualization software, 3d, 3-d now shipping v5

















 


 



























 










 



























 















 











 







  









now shipping v5.2
try before you buy. 

download our free, 15-day, fully-featured demo of slicer 
dicer.
 








  


 

slicer dicer's new 3votm 
window at right


slicer dicer® by 
pixotec, llc is a software package that allows one to explore 3-d 
(3-dimentional) and 4-d data sets. it works for a wide variety of volumetric 
data applications including medical cat and mri scans, and scientific data from 
many fields including astrophysics, atmospheric science, geology, and 
oceanography. it runs on any reasonably powerful windows-based pc. the price of 
slicer dicer starts at less than $500 usd. 


new 
feature of v5:  
3votm, 
slicer dicer's powerful 3d viewer.  it 
simplifies rotating, zooming, and other manipulations of your data scene.  to 
see a brief tutorial of what 3votm does, click 
on either of the links below:


3vo (low resolution, 600 pixels across)

3vo (high 
  resolution, 900 pixels across)

slicer dicer® is designed for scientists, medical professionals,
engineers, 
and other technologists involved with complex data defined in three or more 
dimensions. use it in the analysis, interpretation and documentation of these 
data on any reasonably powerful pc running microsoft windows.
explore your multidimensional 
volume data visually by "slicing and dicing" to create arbitrary 
orthogonal and oblique slices, rectilinear blocks and cutouts, isosurfaces, and 
projected volumes. generate animation sequences featuring continuous rotation, 
moving slices, blocks, parametric variation (time animation), oblique slice 
rotation, and varying transparency.  use the new 3votm 
viewer to easily rotate, zoom, control lighting and light reflection, and change 
the center of rotation of your data image.










slicer dicer has an easy-to-use 
interface that facilitates rapid analysis.  
your time is spent on understanding your data rather than learning a new 
programming language.
david o'brian writes "slicer dicer is a powerful yet 
easy-to-use tool that should fit well into any scientist's data-analysis 
toolkit." (scientific computing world.)
other write-ups.
you have complete control over the scaling and rotation of your data volume. 
the data-to-color mapping can be interactively rotated and stretched or 
compressed to enhance features of interest. presentation-quality annotations are 
available including a caption, color legend, axes ticks and labels.
and much, much more. see 
features for a complete 
list. or visit our gallery to see examples of slicer 
dicer in action.
will slicer dicer read your data? probably. slicer dicer reads data defined 
on regular grids. (see q6 in our faqs for a discussion 
of grids.) slicer dicer supports most standard formats (netcdf, hdf, bmp, dicom, 
dib, jpg, pict, tiff, and many others, see
input data) and can import user 
data in virtually any ad hoc user-defined format, including ascii text.  


free upgrade to 
v5.2 from v5.1 and 5.0


 

 








features | requirements 
| gallery | user's guide
faqs |
download | 
pricing 
order now | 
upgrade | 
guarantee | our users |
about us
feedback | 
tech support | home


copyright © 1996-2016  
pixotec, llc, all rights reserved.
 
 






