


home :: dedalus books, publishers of literary fiction

























our booksnew titlesdedalus recommendsdedalus foreign rights salesour authors & translatorsdedalus news & blog  author guidelinesfriends of dedalusarts council fiction groupsales and distribution arrangementsdownload cataloguecontact us   

 


publishers of literary fiction since 1983

search 














news

an irish event in london on 28 may 2025 >
dedalus robert irwin event on 21st february 2025 >
an irish take six event in galway on 28 march 2025 at charlie byrne's bookshop >
the irish take six launch in dublin on 25 march 2025 at hodges figgis bookshop >



dedalus is a publisher of literary fiction and began publishing on november 30th 1983. our first list consisted of three first novels, one of which the arabian nightmare by robert irwin has been translated into twenty languages and is now considered a modern classic.
the dedalus list includes contemporary english language fiction, translated european fiction in the decadence from dedalus, dedalus european classics, dedalus europe 1992 -2012, dedalus euro shorts series and dedalus anthologies. dedalus also publishes literary non-fiction in the dark master, city noir and concept book series.
dedalus has invented its own distinctive genre, which we term distorted reality, where the bizarre, the unusual, the grotesque and the surreal meld in a kind of intellectual fiction which is very european.
dedalus has sold rights in the books it has originated into twenty-three languages and twenty-eight different territories, finding a worldwide audience for its authors.
our mission is to be unique: an exciting, innovative and distinctive alternative to commercial publishing, to find new talent and put british publishing at the heart of europe.
dedalus prizes

dedalus has won or been shortlisted for the following prizes:

the saltire best first book prize 1995 for music, in a foreign language by andrew crumey
the european crime & mystery award 2003 for dragon's eye by andy oakes


dedalus had two books on the booker prize long list in 1995:  exquisite corpse by robert irwin and memoirs of a gnostic dwarf by david madsen.
the french translation prize 1992 for christine donougher : book of nights by sylvie germain
the portuguese translation prize 2013 for margaret jull costa: the word tree by teolinda gersao
margaret jull costa was also shortlisted on two other occasions for the portuguese translation prize for the relic in 1995 and in 2010 for the city and the mountains both by eca de queiroz
the german translation prize 1998 for mike mitchell: letters back to ancient china by herbert rosendorfer
mike mitchell was also shortlisted on two other occasions for the german translation prize for the golem by gustav meyrink and stephanie by herbert rosendorfer.
the polish translation prize 2012 for antonia lloyd-jones: saturn by jacek dehnel
the russian translation prize 2006 for oliver ready : prussian bride by yuri buida
the greek translation prize 2006 for david connolly : the dedalus book of greek fantasy edited by david connolly.
the occult book of the year in 1992 for mike mitchell's translation of the angel of the west window by gustav meyrink
pen/book-of-the-month-club translation prize for 2008 for margaret jull costa : the maias by eca de queiroz.
the oxford weidenfeld translation prize for 2008 for margaret jull costa : the maias by eca de queiroz
the oxford weidenfeld translation prize for 2012 for judith landry: new finnish grammar by diego marani.
dedalus has been shortlisted on six occasions for the oxford weidenfeld translation prize:
christine donougher in 1996 for night of  amber and in 2009 for magnus both by sylvie germain.
mike mitchell on four occasions: 1999 for simplicissimus by johann grimmelshausen, 2000 for the other side by alfred kubin, 2008 for the bells of bruges by georges rodenbach and 2013 for the lairds of cromarty by jean-pierre ohl.
magnus by sylvie germain was shortlisted for the american library association notable book awards in 2009.
new finnish grammar by diego marani was shortlisted for the independent foreign fiction award in 2012.
new finnish grammar by diego marani was shortlisted for the best translated book  award in 2012.
new finnish grammar by diego marani was shortlisted for the europe prize  in 2012
world fantasy awards 2012 special award professional to eric lane of dedalus books for publishing in translation.
the last of the vostyachs by diego marani, translated by judith landry was longlisted for the independent foreign fiction award in 2013
mike mitchell was shortlisted in 2014 for french-american foundation translation prize: where tigers are at home by jean-marie blas de robles
the mussolini canal by antonio pennacchi, translated by judith landry longlisted for the impac prize 2015.
read russia prize 2015 for before & during by vladimir sharov, translated by oliver ready.


dedalus funders

dedalus has always acknowledged and been grateful for the institutions that have supported our publishing programme. it would have been impossible to have been an alternative to commercial publishing without this support. our long term relationship with arts council england has been central to what we have managed to achieve.
in addition we would like to acknowledge the support of the following organisations:

the austrian ministry of culture
the blue door foundation
the calouste gulbenkian foundation.
the camoes institute
the danish arts council
the dutch translation fund
the estonian translation fund
the european union
fili in finland
the finnish embassy in london
the french community of belgium
the flemish translation fund
the french ministry of culture
the french ministry of foreign affairs, burgess programme
the fresh leaf charitable foundation
the german ministry of culture(inter nationes)
the lithuanian international cultural centre
the m. b. grabowski fund
the greek ministry of culture
the hellenic foundation
the italian ministry of foreign affairs
the mikhail prokhorov fund
norla
opening the book
pen uk
the polish  institute
the portuguese book institute
the ramon llull institute
the slovak literature centre
the spanish ministry of culture

we would also like to express our thanks to routledge publishers, part of informa plc, for their sponsorship during 2008-2010.



forthcoming titles



the city and the mountains
rrp: £11.99



blue yarn (a personal and social history of knitting)
rrp: £11.99



border lines
rrp: £12.99





 



follow us on  facebook and  twitter. visit us at  vimeo.
© copyright 2025 dedalus. all rights reserved.
website designed by www.amazinginternet.com






