










ellen bard - occupational psychologist, consultant, speaker and writer


































































 


 


 





search for:



 





chartered occupational psychologist, consultant, speaker and writer








≡
home
blog
books

work wellness – self care at work
this is for you – self-care at home


work with me
testimonials
case studies
press













about ellen bard
ellen is an independent assessment and development professional, and puts her 20+ years of management consultancy experience to good use with clients in countries in europe, the middle east, and south east asia.
her book ‘this is for you: a creative toolkit for better self-care‘ is a beautifully illustrated workbook with 101 small experiments to help you flourish in all areas of your life, while her latest book, ‘your work wellness toolkit: mindset tips, journalling and rituals to help you thrive at work‘ comes out in january 2022, with another 100 activities to support you being your best self at work.
to get in touch about working with her, please email her.

as seen





biography
with consultancy experience working with some of the largest ftse 250 and fortune 500 global organisations, ellen applies psychological knowledge and principles to the world of work, to improve the effectiveness of both individuals and organisations.
after her masters degree in 2001 at the university of manchester’s business school, she worked for a small consultancy before joining shl (now gartner), a uk-based talent measurement and management consultancy. there she was based in both london, uk and dublin, ireland, and was part of the uk management team when she left shl in 2012 to become an independent consultant.
since then she has worked extensively across se asia and the middle east (from her base in bangkok, thailand), giving her the opportunity to develop her interest in working across cultures with clients in many sectors, from oil and gas to retail, from financial services to manufacturing. she has worked in more than twenty countries, with clients from more than forty.
her work has included the design and delivery of: executive assessments; large-scale assessment programs; complex exercise design; psychometric products; job analysis and competency design; management development programs; 360 degree feedback facilitation and coaching; and training courses. she is a prince2 trained project manager.
she is an associate fellow of the british psychology society, and registered with the health professions council (hpc) in the uk, and for several years she wrote a popular blog and resources hub to provide evidence-based advice and support to people on dealing with the challenges and demands of today’s working environment. she has published papers and spoken on topics including values in the workplace, engagement, the candidate experience in recruitment, psychometric tools, generation y, and employer branding. she has been featured in several high profile publications – including the huffington post, the guardian, bbc radio 4 and the financial times – as a thought leader in productivity, and the challenges of work-life balance in the modern fast-paced, technology-enabled world.
she specialises in bringing out the best in people, whether with a large corporate client in a training session, assessment, development centre, or in coaching and developmental feedback, or inspiring others through her writing or speaking.
see her case studies and testimonials for more details about her work.















about me





biography

press




about my work




case studies

testimonials






contact me





email me

linkedin












 



copyright © 2014 – 2024 · ellen bard
 | website by further bound

home
 |  blog 
 | privacy policy
 | terms
 | work with me






















