














home | midland fair havens





      skip to main content
    












toggle navigation



menu




main navigation


about us


resources


support us


gingerbread haven


i need help


donate now





































building a future for families










welcome to midland fair havens


whether you're a client, a donor, a volunteer, or simply just interested in getting to know us better, we invite you to navigate our website to learn more about what makes fair havens so special.










our impact from 1998 through 2023






 

prevented homelessness for 10,671 families with 19,501 children






 

provided 218,181 bed nights for women and children






 

4,957 college hours contributing to 59 degrees and 34 certifications













 




who we are
partnering with families in need
midland fair havens equips single mothers and their children for self-sufficient living by addressing their educational, vocational, spiritual, and emotional needs in residential and non-residential settings. 
read more











are you looking for help?


midland fair havens is here to meet you where you are. whether you are facing homelessness, having trouble making ends meet, or needing advice on what to do next, we are your resource.


i need help










 




what we do
helping single mothers and their children overcome barriers
at midland fair havens, we allow single mothers and their children who find themselves in crisis to hit the "pause" button and refocus their future toward safety, happiness, and independence. by guiding them in their pursuit of independence, they learn the basic tools they need to make long-term, quality of life improvements. 
learn more
parenting classes for the community
midland fair havens wants to equip mothers, fathers, grandparents, and family members with tools they need raise great kids and create a balanced and happy family life. anyone raising children may attend these classes to learn more about child development, problem solving, behavior management, and much more! 
parenting classes











get involved


join us on our mission to help change the lives of single mothers and their children for the better.


take action
























visit us
2400 whitmire blvd ste 100
midland, texas 79705            office hours:                              m - th 9:00 am - 5:00 pm        friday by appointment                         
 
 
 
 
 



get in touch


amazon wishlist


join our mailing list 


send us a general message


visit us on facebook




search the site


search
search





© 2024 midland fair havens. all rights reserved.a message agency site










