home › blue ridge bank and trust co. 

homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.

trust login

make a payment

fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentblue ridge bank and trust co. toggle menumenuclose menu

personal


apply online


deposit accounts application

loan account application



products and services


checking

savings

lending

wealth management and trusts

insurance

consumer rates

debit credit cards

order checks

fee schedule

calculators

other services



payment services


make a credit card payment

make a loan payment

ach authorization form





business


business products and services


checking

commercial lending

treasury services

card services





online


online services


personal

business



online security


security statement

protecting identity

scam alerts!





about us


who we are


history

contact us

branch/atm locator

careers

news

policies & disclosures







trust login

make a payment

open searchclose search enter search terms  start site search login to online banking close online bankingclose online banking log into your accountusername forgot passwordenrolltrust loginalert:close alert  blue ridge bank and trust co. 




a checking account 
with no monthly fees?  
yes, please!

free checking*: the no-frills account for everyday spending

*click here to learn more!

  




start earning 
maximum interest 
with my checking!

the checking account to help you reach your goals!

click here for maximum interest!

  





watch your savings grow with a cd from brb!

find the rate and terms that work for you!
go to personal savings options

  enabling people to acquire the financial resources to realize their dreams since 1958!  
auto loans  mortgage loans  investments  
retirement planning    accounts receivables? no problem!

our online cash management system gives you the capability to create an ach-formatted file or allows for the upload of ach-formatted files created within your own software package.
treasury services
  more of the great services we provide
looking for a way to streamline the management of your money? look no further than blue ridge bank and trust's lineup of products and services designed to save you time and money.    my checking and savings    digital banking    debit and credit cards    women-owned business group    wealth management    auto loans    open an account online today!

opening an account at blue ridge bank and trust co. is fast and easy. pick from our many products such as personal checking accounts, savings accounts, cds, and more.
open an account  stay up to date with us.
sign up to receive our monthly email updates and product offers. 
leave me blank for newsletter sign up.

name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form. thank you for signing up! back to the topfacebook linkedin 

privacy policy

security policy

usa patriot act

disclosures

contact us

©  blue ridge bank and trust co. member fdic. equal housing lender created by banno 


