

online-funeral.com { main } online funeral is the leader in video solutions for funeral homes














  

























 



 
			







for funeral homes:



  manage your account





  product details





  how to sign up





  help









for families:



  our services to you





  find your loved one





  virtual tribute    





  online obituary





  broadcasting services





  how to login





  find funeral homes





.



news/information:



  about us





  contact us





  news





  investor relations





  partners





.



login:










to view the funeral services live. please enter the family name and password provided by the deceased family member.
												 




family name







password


















to view the photo album please download the free player


best viewed by ie














  











.











   













online-funeral is the leader in internet solutions 
															for funeral homes and bereaved families  







funerals are most meaningful when they involve the full range of people who loved the deceased. through the power of the internet, online-funeral allows mourners at a distance to participate in the grieving ceremony, even when they cannot attend in person.







    



rick d. husband, commander 



william c. mccool, pilot


michael p. anderson, payload commander


david m. brown, mission specialist 1
 

kalpana chawla, mission specialist 2


laurel blair salton clark, mission specialist 4


ilan ramon, payload specialist 1





 





view demo 









 




create an everlasting tribute and remembrance for your loved one. 























































websites for bereaved families instantly created by funeral homes
 online stored videos  digital photos  testimonials  real time videos




















   



 

powered by: ipro







[home] [news] [about us] [investor relations]



© 2008-2015 by online-funeral.com  please read our disclaimer and privacy notice.




