











center for healthcare education, inc.

















 
 





 (888) 834-8700


programs for personal and professional growth!





















home



                        classes
                        

cpr/bls hcp provider & renewal
pals renewal course
acls renewal course
nrp skills course
acls instructor course
cpr/aed instructor initial course
cpr/aed instructor renewal course
pals instructor course
cpr/aed & first aid instructor renewal course
nsc first aid provider course
cpr/bls hcp & nsc first aid provider course

all classes




                        products
                        

aeds
ambu masks
student course material
instructor course material
other

product categories




                        about
                        

about us
our clients
paying it forward
animal welfare
scripture of the day



blog


news


gallery


contact



                        my account
                        

login






                                0                                unread messages




































































previous



next





















aeds+
high quality cpr = more lives saved
phillips frx aed is equipped with:

voice prompts
intuitive smart pads safe for adults and children
carry case & rescue supplies
cpr compression timer














when you buy an aed from the center, 1% of the sales tax goes to support our riverside city fire, police, museums, parks, libraries, youth programs and other important services.

 shop aeds












welcome to healthcare educationyears ago there was a reporter who went to numerous college campuses and ambushed the president by bursting in to his or her office.  the question?  can you state your mission statement? 
 virtually none of them came even close to articulating what they 
pledged their allegiance to and made hundreds of thousands of dollars a 
year for.
center for healthcare education's principle leaders are required to be able to recite our mission statement anytime, anywhere.
"center for healthcare education inc.'s mission is to 
enthusiastically serve christ through the design and delivery of 
programs, products and services that reflect current medical science and
 inspire quality healthcare."
the center exists to equip people to obtain jobs and once employed, 
to enhance their knowledge, skills, communication and critical thinking.
 our maxim is "programs for personal and professional growth!" the
 ultimate goal: to make a physical, emotional and spiritual difference 
in people's lives (and families) who god has placed in their care.
hold on to instruction, do not let it go; guard it well, for it is your life. proverbs 4:13 more about us































latest news, photos and posts











we are celebrating 35 years as a training center
11/21/2022









three most important qualities of a good class?
11/20/2022









photo gallery 1
11/16/2022












testimonials





















i just finished my acls and pals instructor training with cindy and her team (eileen and cassie) this week and i am just blown away. the training is top notch, current, thorough, and cutting edge... all while adhering to aha guidelines. the skills stations were amazing! i didn't want to leave ;). i'm excited to take what i've learned back to work with me to further enhance what we teach.i love the feedback on the presentations we present. their goal is to make competent instructors that desire to help people learn to save lives through cpr and other advanced courses.the course was well organized with an agenda and breaks.the class was filled with a wide variety of backgrounds which made the whole experience so much better.the facility is clean and very welcoming. hospitality was wonderful.i can't wait to come back and send others to this facility for training and guidance.
-carolyn keller
                                            05/23/2023
























always a great experience and it gets better every time. i go to renew my instructor certification every 2 years and the experience is always great- the knowledge base, the practice and the camaraderie. plus i always look forward to visiting riverside every 2 years.definitely recommend!
-richard ochieng
                                            06/22/2023
























this was a really fun class! i will definitely do my renewal here. the instructor cindy kept the class very interesting and fun, she's funny. loved it!
-felicia washington
                                            11/15/2023








previous



next














links

classes
products
terms & conditions
privacy



 

blog
news
gallery
contact



contact
 (888) 834-8700
 8:00 am to 5:00 pm weekdays
 6690 alessandro blvd. suite ariverside, ca. usa 92506








copyright © 2025 | center for healthcare education, inc. | all rights reserved | cwds











