











































about


members list
data archiving information
articles of governance
resources


services


promote your services
make your voice heard
travel scholarships


blog
contact us


join ifdo
contact the board










 
the ifdo community
dedicated to the sharing and preservation of social science data around the globe.
join us



























promote your servicespromote your services to a global audience by sharing them via our international channels, and discover more from fellow members.
learn more 

















make your voice heardby joining ifdo, you are included in our organization memberships for the research data alliance (rda) and the international science council.
learn more 

















travel the worldifdo is launching a new initiative aimed at providing travel scholarships for members to attend important conferences and meetings.
learn more 

















â†“

















our mission
ifdo was established in the mid-1970s as a response to the research needs of the international social science community.
ifdo shall:

promote and work for open access to digital data.
advocate the preservation of valuable digital resources.
support the development of standards, procedures and tools enhancing data usage.
promote and support the establishment and development of data organizations to further these objectives.


















our members






















































































































































































































































since 1993


















recent news


rda social science interest group meeting in helsinki


ifdo travel scholarship competition


welcome new ifdo members


ifdo 2019 iassist meeting in sydney


ifdo fosters social science research data at rda




















next steps...
are you passionate as passionate about digital preservation and open science as we are? then we want you on our team!





join us
































about
services
blog
contact us




	copyright â© 2024












