










national samoyed rescue






















 make donations with paypal - it's fast, free and secure! national samoyed rescue is a 501(c)3







 $6.00 saturday,click below! 








home
 contact us
adopt/find a rescue
 about nsr
 join nsr
volunteer
faq 
educational resources
shop to help nsr
resources for affiliates
news
memorial
















         the sussie fund and vip
         are helping rescue
       
				read about the sussie fund

 click here to go to vip fibers






         memoralize the samoyeds that 
         have touched our lives
         on each equinox



				click here to visit our memorial pages







upcoming events/calendar





















 please note our new telephone number!






toll free! 1-800-674-9959
spread the word!  1-800-674-9959





 luka's story 








meet our new featured dog! luka - samoyed rescued by samoyed rescue of texas
the known history of luka's world began around christmas 2015.  his age was estimated at 5 years, and judging from his condition, he had been a roaming stray for a very long time. to read his story, click here:  read luka's story



 about national samoyed rescue (nsr) 


 the mission of national samoyed rescue is to act as a service organization providing resources, 
    support, networking, and guidance to assist existing samoyed rescuers and help establish
    new rescue groups in areas lacking coverage. by fostering relations between rescues and 
    regional breed clubs, breeders, and fanciers, nsr seeks to provide a unified single point 
    of reference for the samoyed rescue community. nsr strives to enable the humane, ethical, 
    and effective rescue of 
samoyeds in need across the united states through the substantiation 
    & verification of its affiliated rescues' practices thereby ensuring that shelters, 
    humane societies, and the general public are confident in their local samoyed rescue representatives. 


 our affiliates




 buckeye samoyed rescue

			http://www.buckeyesamoyedrescue.org


harnessed to hope northern breed rescue

				http://www.nbrescue.com


northern california sled dog rescue

				http://www.norsled.org


northern illinois samoyed assistance

			      http://www.nisasamoyedrescue.org


samoyed club of central arizona rescue

			      http://www.azsammyrescue.org


 samoyed rescue of southern california

			http://www.socalsamoyedrescue.org


 samoyed rescue of texas

			http://www.samoyedtexas.org


samoyed rescue of utah

			       http://www.utahsamyrescue.com


 san francisco samoyed rescue

			      http://www.sfsr.org


st. louis samoyed rescue

			       http://www.stlsamrescue.org


tarheel samoyed rescue
contact 
				hjortac@aol.com







 help samoyeds in need by shopping nsr partners!













1
2
3
4
5
6
7
slideshow html code by wowslider.com v9.0





 quick contact  

for general questions by email:
 info@samoyedrescue.org
to contact our affiliates by email:
 nsraffiliates@samoyedrescue.org
to contact the nsr board by email:
 nsrboard@samoyedrescue.org
contact nsr by telephone: 1-877-744-4123

nsr's website: www.samoyedrescue.org

 what you can do to help nsr 




 copyright © 2021 national samoyed rescue | template provided by free css templates 





