





yacht charters | seattle | bc | bellingham | the jamal


































































 














 skip to content








206-605-8484jhannacapt@gmail.com 










  


search for:








homedestinations san juan islandsseattledesolation soundprincess louisa inletpuget soundbritish columbiacanadian gulf islandssunshine coastinside passagevancouver bcvancouver islandvictoria bcalaskathe jamal tour the jamalcrewreviewsgalleryevents & weddingsratesbook now 














home2025-01-14t08:54:10-08:00 
welcome to jamal yacht charters
a 75-foot ocean trawler luxury yacht available for private charter.
relax and enjoy the beauty of the pacific northwest’s numerous islands and inlets dotted with pristine lakes and majestic mountains. check out our amazing destinations!
book now for 2025!welcome to jamal
a 75-foot ocean trawler luxury yacht available for private charter.
relax and enjoy the beauty of the pacific northwest’s numerous islands and inlets dotted with pristine lakes and majestic mountains.
book now for 2025!welcome to jamal
a 75-foot ocean trawler luxury yacht available for private charter.
relax and enjoy the beauty of the pacific northwest’s numerous islands and inlets dotted with pristine lakes and majestic mountains.
book now for 2025!accommodations
9 guests in 4 staterooms, each with ensuite bathroom.

master stateroom on main deck with view windows and king bed.
vip stateroom on lower deck with king bed.
1 twin stateroom on lower deck with two single beds.

1 triple stateroom on lower deck with two single beds and one fold out single bed (not shown in photos).
specifications

length: 75′ (22.86m)

beam: 22′ (6.7m)

draft: 9′

construction: fiberglass

designer: j. hargrave

builder: hatteras

cruising speed: 9.5 knots

maximum speed: 11 knots
fuel: 5800 gallons
water: 750 gallons
 




 



private charter rates
$35,000.00 – $76,500.00




if you plan to cruise to desolation sound or princess louisa inlet, b.c., please plan for a 9 night charter to allow time for u.s. and canadian custom clearance, noad clearance and other contingencies.
four parties less than four, please call for rates!
please select your number of guests and length of trip to show the rate.
 





no. of guests

choose an option1-45678 


length of trip

choose an option6 nights7 nights8 nights9 nights







clear selection 







private charter rates quantity


add to cart






 




						additional information					



						reviews (0)					



additional information


no. of guests
1-4, 5, 6, 7, 8



length of trip
6 nights, 7 nights, 8 nights, 9 nights








			reviews		
there are no reviews yet.




be the first to review “private charter rates” cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a review. 









related products










view cart




		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	

	/

	details

		quick view	











		overnight rates	


$7,000.00 – $10,200.00















view cart




		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	

	/

	details

		quick view	











		short term rates	


$6,000.00 – $10,200.00











rates include: 
yacht, 3 crew (captain – chef – mate), meals, fuel, taxes and non-alcoholic beverages.
rates do not include: 
customary crew gratuity at the charterer’s discretion (15-20% advised), alcoholic beverages (charged at cost), docking, and fishing licenses.
off season discount:
october 15th to april 30th 10% off regular season rates.




book now!dear captain hanna, aka jennifer,
you and your team are about to get underway for a final trip. rather than write a more formal letter, i offer this quick email. besides, my letters usually look more like a prescription for penicillin, given my handwriting.
we had a wonderful time, from your exuberant reception to our sad departure. you and your staff worked so hard to assure our every comfort and pleasure. jamal was flawless, “shipshape”, and so, so comfortable. kristen’s efforts to please us, especially given some of dietary restrictions, was noteworthy and extraordinarily tasteful. she is remarkable. and cloe and zane: always about the yacht assuring that we were without need. and such nice, nice individuals. and we loved the “uniforms”.
and, then there was you. i have been about yachts for 50 years; yes, 50. i have been aboard 10 chartered yachts with captains and crew. i know expertise. you are beyond remarkable. we felt very safe and enjoyed seeing you “in action”. then there was your hospitality. charming. quite charming.
and, yes, we were sad to leave.
all to say, we all had a marvelous time. i speak for everyone, even gordon. and joanne and i look forward to returning, likely with family, (when i able to gain consensus, somewhat like gaining world peace).
thank you. thank you. you and your crew: lovely and handsome, professional, personable, attentive, and sensitive.tom f parker iii md
jennifer
now that i’m back in my hectic and demanding world of lawyer, mediator and ministerial issues, it makes me feel even more thankful for the wonderful time we had with you and your terrific crew. you are all so good at what you do that you create an atmosphere on jamal that anyone can truly enjoy. as i’ve said, god has given you such magnificent gifts to use in god’s service and that is exactly what you do. i thank you for your giving of those gifts to me, my wife and my good friends. i’m looking forward to being blessed with another magnificent experience next year.
may god’s blessings come to you, bailey and kristen.
michael moorhead esq., attorney mediatorgood morning,
we all made it home with flight delays, locked baggage compartments and dead car batteries, but most of all we miss you and the girls! you made our trip the best we have ever experienced and while exchanging e-mails this morning we all want to go back and see you, misty, lena and campbell! words can’t express our gratitude or do justice to the great time we had on the cruise, but as i said when we talked on the bridge, the people of the jamal are absolutely the best we could have ever hoped for……
we can’t wait for you to visit us!
safe travels, we love you all!john w
hi jim,
i can’t begin to tell you how much fun everyone had on the charter. i told jennifer that after seeing some of the photos, you probably wished you were on the charter, too! the weather was incredible, the crew was over the top in service & professional skills and jamal was a real treat. you certainly did a great job on the design. sorry it didn’t work to meet you. it would have been a real pleasure. you must be very proud of jennifer, she is such a professional.
you got a real winner in kari. jennifer & lenore were very pleasantly surprised at how well she performed and how well she fit in with everyone. each day i would think it couldn’t get any better, but it did.i’ll probably plan on this again next year.have a fun time yourself this week.
all the best and thanks again.
dick qualsett
of all the journeys i have taken, this one has to be one of the best! a memorable time spent in the company of old and new friends. jim, you are a great skipper and a most interesting man! we enjoyed your thought provoking questions at dinner and felt better for the laughter many of them provided! sally, you are a wonder! as a chef, you excel but as a person, you are unmated. what a lot we learned from you! we hope you have a wonderful summer of cruising. we will thank of you often and wish we were sharing the moment with you.
thank you so much!
love,
the gleims
jim thanks for the opportunity to cruise with you. there is much to remember and remember i will. from the bears and whales, to the dolphins and eagles, to quiet bays and a pod of orcas, this was simply a great trip. not one day of rain and only about 4 hours of rough seas, how did you do it? it was an added bonus to help you and sally celebrate your birthday.
thanks for letting us play with all the toys and drive the boat around logs.
wishing you a summer of sunshine and smooth seas, and love and laughter as we have known these past 10 days.
thanks,
joe
dear jim, fran & sally,
we have had a most fantastic cruise with a most generous captain. sally in the galley had the most satisfying food of any cruise i have been on. the sea lions and seals were great to watch and the whales put on a fine show, with their fluking and blowing. the scenery was awesome. the sailing was smooth. i will never go on a large cruise ship again. this is the only way to go on a vacation.
mary lkaks, mike & janice oneal
dear jennifer, fran & sally,
this was the best vacation! so relaxing and beautiful! thank you for everything and especially teaching me the “jamaican” wave!
ann (and don) lees
jon, jim, sally, wally, & frani wani,
what a wonderful wonderful holiday and an adventure beyond imagination. every day something new and fun. the aromas and tastes of such amazing food “sal”, well im looking forward to the cookbook. frani, where do you get so much energy? thanks for the service with sooooooo many smiles, hugs and giggles. gen, you are fabulous in so many ways. thanks for getting us there and doing so much behind the scenes for us to make it all the more fantastic. jim, you are awesome, awesome, and “sal” thanks for treating my kids like a prince and princess. all the tender loving care in dawns food.
thank you thank you thank you. i hope our paths cross so many times again. love you all cause we are family now.
keep smiling !!!
donna jackson
jen, jim, sally & fran,
thank you, thank you, thank you! this has not been just a trip, it has been an experience full of memories and firsts. youve made us all fee like a part of your family which has made this journey even more special. thank you for all the smiles & for the way you took care of us all. i hope our paths cross again, we have been blessed to be in such wonderful company.
love from dawn & tom buehnes
jen, jim, sally & fran,
thank you, thank you, thank you! this has not been just a trip, it has been an experience full of memories and firsts. youve made us all fee like a part of your family which has made this journey even more special. thank you for all the smiles & for the way you took care of us all. i hope our paths cross again, we have been blessed to be in such wonderful company.
love from dawn & tom buehnes
jen, lenora and maureen,
“thank you” so much for a wonderful experience here on the jamal. it has to be the very best cruise in the world. jen, you have to be the most wonderful, big-hearted, talented captain ever. we are so lucky to have lenora as our chef. not only is she the very best at her skill, shes loving, kind, and joyful. maureen has been an absolute doll with her sweet smiles and darling personality. thank you all so much!
marguerite & richard
dear jen, maureen & lenore,
we thank you very much for this wonderful experience. you all will have a very special place in our hearts. you do this job so very well, each of you.
much love, bob & judy argazzi
den jen, mo, and sally,
theres nothing i could write that would express how truly wonderful this trip on jamal has been. the itinerary you laid out was extraordinary, from the whale watching to the quaint harbors, but the best of all was the opportunity to spend time with three amazing women and the jamalians, of course! also, special thanks to sally for forever raising our expectations of great food! i hope we all meet again! thanks for sharing your love of jamal and the pacific nw with us!
jamie matusou
awesome sights and mtns, waterfalls, glaciers
lots of wildlife and bears, sea lions, whales, eagles
adventures on shore and steely dan, hot springs, lakes, wild flowers, bear poop
sensational sensations of the senses and breakfasts, lunches, dinners
kindest crew!!! and jim and corinne & sally jo
among friends while making memories.
e of jamal and the pacific nw with us!
kathy & charlie watson
well, this is day 5 for my week long adventure on the jamal. grandpa & grandma will still be with all of you for a week after we leave. trent & i, (newlyweds), have had the most spectacular time with all of you. our crew, captain jen, kathy (kiki) & sally wally. you have made this trip a dream come true for us. we came here to relax before our big day, & we have definitely accomplished that. it was above & beyond anything we could have imagined! alaska is beautiful & breath-taking, but not half as beautiful & breath-taking as you three ladies. the hospitality, amazing, the food, outstanding, the memories, forever! the generosity of our captain, even though she was on a schedule, was perfect. she knew how badly i, (allie), wanted to see whales. she found them & took the time out for us to enjoy them. i shall never forget her for that; i will never forget any of the crew. they will be forever in our hearts and i truly wish they could be at our wedding. thank you so much for your kindnesses.
jen and dont ever change! your bubbly nature is infectious! i love it!
kathy (kiki) and great child-naming skills. great taste! love ya!
sally wally and we love you! you are the gentlest, sweetest woman we have ever met!
all of you will be forever remember, forever loved!
xoxo trent & allie jacobson 
sensational sights of whales, glaciers, and bears have made this voyage on the jamal the most fantastic way to see alaska. taking those narrow passages and hearing the thunderous crack of the glaciers remains for me the highlight of the trip.
thanks to you, jennifer, we have seen as much of alaska as possible in a short time. you took us to waterfalls, sea lions, warm & hot springs and superbly maneuvered the boat to sight whales. travel in tandem with dk, stacy and megan proved to be fortuitous, with them some of our group went fishing and even saw bears in action.
and, jen, your crew of sally, sally jo, and cathy went out of their way at all times to make us extremely comfortable, well fed, and entertained.
you have all enriched my life and i will miss you. alaska will be here if we ever decide to return, but we would be lacking something if we didnt see you again.
mike kain
sally, jen, sally-jo (cathy) & cathy (kiki)
we love you ladies and and had an absolutely awesome time! highlights of course were: sallys incredible meals, whale-watching, kayaking, glacier watching & just being here! you ladies are the best and we love you all!
connie
my dears,
beautiful jamalian girls, well women really, i or we love you all. this trip to british columbia was amazing. i loved every minute of it. from swimming in the lake to cruising all day. i wouldnt change a thing. not to mention the amazing food and crew on board. sally, you are so sweet and an amazing cook , undeniable the sweetest, most patient woman i have ever met and i am a better person for knowing you. fran, we had so much fun talking about random things and im glad i have met you, you are an amazing person. captain jennifer, he he, what can i say, your funny, sweet and serious all at the same time, just so fun to be around. i would have never dreamed of a better trip and better people to spend it with. god bless you and stay safe. your up and coming.
love always,
jamalian girl latta queke
fred & i thank you for a wonderful cruise. this is such a special boat and everyone has been so good to us. we definantly look forward to sailing with you again.
love,
shawn & fred smith , austin, texas
ditto!!
jim & barbara roberts , park city, ut
this trip was everything we hoped for and and more!
thank you for a memorable week
jim & bea taylorsee all reviews



your crew
jamal’s crew are a professional, fun team, dedicated to pampering their guests and providing an unforgettable cruising experience.
captain: jennifer hanna
captain jennifer hanna, who also holds a u. s. coast guard master’s license, has cruised the waters of puget sound to alaska with her father, jim, all of her life. her precise navigational skills and exceptional knowledge of seamanship have been valuable assets on charters. she has recently spent a year sailing the pacific coast to southern mexico. jennifer earned a master’s of education degree and a bachelor of arts degree in psychology from western washington university. she has taught elementary and middle school in the bellingham area since 1988. her love of the sea is reflected in her many interests which include fishing, swimming, water skiing, sailing, snorkeling and surfing. jennifer is certified in scuba diving and first aid.
chef
jamal is famous for having an elite chef on board. please contact us for details.
mate
a mate joins all charters as a third crew member.
“the jamal girls!”








what are you waiting for?
book now for 2025!



 
 





jamal charters 238 17th st.
bellingham, wa 98225

 



 best boat charters in seattle

 



contact us 206-605-8484
jhannacapt@gmail.com

 

 
 
 





		© copyright  jamal charters | site by megabite design 

 
 
 
 

 
 
page load link







































x




we continue to uphold the highest standards of cleanliness. all guests will be required to sign our coronavirus waiver.                                    
















































































 


go to top




