



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the childrens category of our website. there are 3 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
next →






click any image to zoom
















victorian walnut miniature drop leaf table c1875

item# 11673    $385

victorian walnut miniature drop leaf table circa 1875. this is either a salesman's sample or a child's toy. it measures 12" long by 7.5" wide with leaves down and 15" wide with leaves up, and is 7.5" high. perfect with a doll or teddy bear collection.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom

















antique copy of soap bubbles painting by chardin

item# 10806    $900

antique oil on board painting of a man blowing soap bubbles for a fascinated little boy. this is probably a student copy of the 1735 original work by french artist jean-baptiste-simeon chardin, who painted 3 versions of this scene. the first version hangs in the metropolitan museum of art, and the other two are in the los angeles county museum of art and the national gallery. canvas measures 16 x 20 inches. frame measures 18.75 by 22.75 inches. excellent condition circa 1910-20.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom



















vintage four feathers wild west toy set c1980

item# 10709    $245

vintage four feathers wild west toy set circa 1980. hand painted and still in the original box. number 1800, 8 pieces. the box measures 10 inches long, 4 inches deep and 2 inches high. this is the only set we have.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







