







greer steel – an industry leader in cold rolled strip steel























































 

talk to a steel expert: 1-800-388-2868 


home
products

low carbon steel
high carbon & alloy
hsla
best bright
all finishes
tolerances


services

processing plant

lasermatte
pickling
annealing
rolling mills
slitters
wire flattening mill
roll shop
traverse winder
braner ctl
stretch wrapper


metallurgical testing


coil calculator
about us

about us
quality
environmental responsibility
solutions


current news
careers
contact us

search
 






previousnext1234

make great products with great strip steel
we make steel that will fit into your budget, meet your requirements, and exceed your expectations.


meet with a steel expert
review our capabilties


lasermatte®tight tolerancecoil calculator

capital investmentswe continually reinvest as part of a broader strategy to expand our service offering, meet our customers’ needs and ensure adoption of the latest technological advancements.
environmental responsibility we recognize the importance of environmental responsibility. we plan the use of natural resources wisely through a company-wide environmental management system.
community supportgreer steel has long played an integral role in dover, ohio, and the surrounding region.  beyond providing quality jobs, we view ourselves as an extension of the community.

our capabilities


our mill, located in dover, ohio, is specially equipped to provide the products and services you need. we focus our resources – from mindset to machinery – on meeting your requirements.
metallurgical lab

gold-standard metallurgical testing
a2la / iso17025 accredited, offering physical and metallurgical testing
degreed and highly skilled metallurgists
offering physical and metallurgical testing


processing plant

lasermatte®
pickling
100% hydrogen annealing
rolling mills
slitters
wire flattening mill
roll shop
oscillate winding capabilities
cut-to-length (ctl) lines
stretch wrap packaging


lasermatte®
greer steel’s new lasermatte® equipment is the only unit of its kind in the united states. it provides the ultimate finish for metal forming and painting operations.


you need steel solutions. we have the answers…




          
our products


every day, our products are successfully put to work in thousands of applications. we provide you with the solutions you need.
materials

low carbon
high-strength low alloy (hsla)
high carbon & alloy

finishes

lasermatte® finish
bright/appliance finish (#2 best bright/#3 appliance)
embossed
standard finishes

tolerances

tight tolerance



learn more...

   

 
make great steel products with great strip steel.

a greer industries company.

business hours our support hotline is available 24 hours a day: 1-800-388-2868

monday-friday: 	9am to 5pm	 
saturday: 	10am to 2pm
sunday: 	closed		 


latest newsmatt hopkins promoted to manager -sales administrationfebruary 7, 2024 - 4:55 pmcharles a. maul retires after 30 years at greer steeljanuary 2, 2024 - 7:52 pmquinn conner promoted to outside sales representativejanuary 2, 2024 - 7:48 pmlasermatte
products
services
dover processing plant
metallurgical testing
contact us 1-800-388-2868
mhopkins@greersteel.com







 © copyright - greer steel

















scroll to top



