







webwinds, tracy marks, figure skating pairs photography




 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close


 
 
 

 
 
 
 





welcome to webwinds


 
figure skating photography by tracy marks
welcome to the personal web pages of tracy
marks at 50meg.com. 
this site is a supplement to webwinds at http://www.webwinds.com,
webwinds figure skating photo gallery, and windweaver
windows 
and web training at http://www.windweaver.com.  
here you will find 
my pairs figure skating photos, which are slowly being
moved from http://www.webwinds.com/pairs/pairs.htm. 
as of february 1, 2001, most pairs photos have been moved
here -
bechke and petrov 
brasseur and eisler  hartshorn
and sweiding
protopopovs  
hartsells    stieglers  
berezhnaya and sikhularidze
leonova and khvalko   
kazakova and dmitriev   meno
and sand
and new photos for ina and zimmerman
now being added to above! pairs photos from nationals
2001!
other skating photos on this site:
stacey pengsen, nationals
2001
figure skating photo sales available at ebay under  user
name torrey philemon
 






 


ancient sites / greek and roman classics 
with tracy marks (torrey philemon)


with the demise of ancient
sites, i am moving some of my ancient sites pages here,
as well as chat transcripts from dozens of our book chats from 1998-
2001. underlined listings below have been moved and linked already:


roman history chats
trojan war chats
myth chats




 information
chats have been conducted at ancient sites online community, 
but due to the demise of ancient sites on march 30, 2001, are now 
occurring at classica chat room at webworkzone. 
to join us, register at: http://www2.webworkzone.com/bootcamp/. 
register (for full name, be sure to give a name for which you want to  be known. it can be the same as your user name) and log in. then in the  list of links, go to online events, and then classica book discussion.  (if classica book discussion is not visible, you may need to contact torrey first to have her add you to the  group. once you are an official member of classica book chats, you will  have full access to email and instant messaging there.). 
once at classica, you may go to the chatroom for the specific event in  question or you may also choose to practice chat in the practice area.  (note: if you have not logged in, you will  not be able to chat).  please do not intrude in other areas of webworkzone bootcamp or the 
colleague richard seltzer  whose paid space  we are using may retract the privilege. 
although we did not meet for book discussions in late 2001 or early  2002, we have resumed in may 2002 with aristophanes' lysistrata and in  july will be discussing the birds. a tentative plan is to discuss one  or two additional comedies by aristophanes in summer and fall 2002.   our core group consists of morgana flavius, zoe xanthippos, myrrhine  philemon and torrey philemon but we are open to new participants at any  time. 


 










web pages and web
sites by tracy marks:
(links to ancient sites pages
may not work during
april 2001 when pages are being
relocated)
webwinds
figure skating photo gallery
600+
live photos of ice skating's best!
many
for sale at ebay   (sports, memorabilia, user torreyphilemon)


windweaver
web and windows resources

solomon
and sheba    queen
christina of sweden
rediscovering
your muses      winter
to spring: demeter/persephone
homer's
odyssey journal      calypso's
isle        hephaestus
helen's
lament      daphne
haikus        elemental:
four elements


 artemisia,
renaissance artist  
 iroquois 
spirituality     green
mansions
becoming
woman: apache puberty ceremonies   greek midi music
 











sign the webwinds guestbook!
your comments are appreciated.
view
guestbook      sign
guestbook




request for link verification help:with
750+ public service pages on the net and 3000+ links, i can not spare the
ten or so hours required per month to validate and correct 
links. any reports of broken links will be greatly appreciated.
also, anyone willing to maintain links here on a regular basis,
in exchange for credit, references etc? write tracy@marks.net
 

 
 

 
copyright 2002  by tracy marks  
windweaver  arlington, ma.  (781) 641-3371 
webwinds at 50megs.com  is a sister site to webwinds at http://www.webwinds.com, 
and windweaver web & w95 resources  http://www.windweaver.com/
since april 3, 1997,  you
are visitor 











