      
        videographers chicago, illinois - vanilla video                  chicago video production company     (866) 948-4336   contact       samples   pricing   faqs                     overview   video production for business   wedding videography     about us   estimate   estimate                       search suggestions       videographer in weddings
                                            chicago videographer video production chicago  our team of videographers have created 23,000+ videos across 4,100+ projects for 3,500+ customers for 9 years — samples video production for  trusted by thousands big and small. a leader in video production with 5-star reviews and happy customers from across the world.  † pricing subject to review. ‡ travel costs may apply.    new website some content may be temporary unavailable.          $2,099 estimate † 2-crew · basic editing                  
                                                two senior videographers
                                                        
                                                3-hours of video production
                                                        
                                                basic editing & post production
                                                        online project delivery            unlimited revisions          not available
                                         auto detected    book for production book production            affordable starting at $699        reliable over 23,000 videos        quality expert videographers                  video production services  available for travel ‡ nationwide · united states      
                        excellence in customer care
                        consistent · attentive · responsive · experienced       transparent billing we believe in consistent pricing. all clients receive the same great rates. projects get quoted through our public-facing pricing mechanisms. it's all fair and transparently listed.        smarter order management convenience is standard, with control over order flow and placement entirely online. update contacts, adjust coverage and manage bookings without customer representatives.        guided by support with dedicated customer support personnel, our team is unmatched in responsiveness. call us 7-days a week, and get email replies super quick. however you prefer, we are there by text message, in-person
                                or teleconference.
                                        videography starting at $699+ capture video for any purpose with our experienced videographers. we handle hundreds of projects yearly.        motion graphics starting at $399+ animation by artists in the united states — great looking motion with attention to detail & polished feel.          video editing starting at $299+ send existing footage, our expert editors handle rest. we offer a la carte video editing services.        creative services starting at $499+ full-range production capabilities, from sourcing actors, locations and concepting through pre-production.                 quick start levels of video production services  big or small, simple or more complex — our video production team has a dynamic range of processes for any size or type of video production.       level one   raw footage get everything we film, captured by our professional videographers. 
                                        already have a video editor? looking to edit video yourself? our team is happy to upload raw footage, or compressed raw footage back to your team for post-production. we can deliver on-site, or next-day.
                                          level two   capture & edit our videographers film, and create edits from the captured content. 
                                        whether it's an event or small / simple video production, our skilled team of video editors can find the story within. we frequently film events or productions without a script, and create content from raw footage.
                                          level three   scripted production provide a script, we handle video production and post-production. 
                                        looking for a videographer with a teleprompter? need a specific voice for your content? our team works with a network of voice over artists and can assist with script writing. from basic review, full and complete drafts.
                                          level four   brand concepts end-to-end video production, with pre-production consulting. 
                                        with a proven cinematic approach, our digital video marketing team captures the attention of audiences worldwide. experience the difference, with in-house creative consultants designing ideas for your brand.
                                     
                                        our commercial brand films produce results. video has become the de facto media choice for consumers on the web. we are the video marketing agency, and the video craftsmen. direct from our studio to your brand without middle-men providers. we pioneered effective processes to drive brand engagement with video.
                                                     common questions  our high-volume video production workflow allows competitive rates accross the us. see our frequently asked questions for more common questions.        where is vanilla video available?    our video production crews are able to travel to +80% of the us population, with 250+ metro areas in our logistics network.   atlanta, georgia baltimore, maryland buffalo, new york charleston, south carolina chicago, illinois cleveland, ohio dallas, texas detroit, michigan honolulu, hawaii indianapolis, indiana jacksonville, florida kansas city, kansas long island, new york memphis, tennessee milwaukee, wisconsin new haven, connecticut new york, new york philadelphia, pennsylvania pittsburgh, pennsylvania providence, rhode island sacramento, california san diego, california santa barbara, california st. louis, missouri   austin, texas boston, massachusetts cape cod, massachusetts charlotte, north carolina cincinnati, ohio columbus, ohio denver, colorado grand rapids, michigan houston, texas irvine, california jersey city, new jersey las vegas, nevada los angeles, california miami, florida minneapolis, minnesota new orleans, louisiana orlando, florida phoenix, arizona portland, oregon richmond, virginia san antonio, texas san francisco, california seattle, washington tampa, florida   
                                        we provide video production services to all 50 united states;    ak, al, ar, az, ca, co, ct, dc, de, fl, ga, hi, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, mo, ms, mt, nc, nd, ne, nh, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, ok, or, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wi, wv, wy       why is using video important for businesses?    
                                        video conveys information fast and accurately, both visually and audibly. there is no substitute for video. most people see dozens, if not hundreds, of videos per day. video is ingrained in daily life; and, it is everywhere. simply stated, the modern language is video.
                                     
                                        speaking in a language customers do not comprehend is a recipe for confusion. people today, speak in video-dialects. consider all these,
                                      
                                            short videos with comments on a web page.
                                         
                                            animated video characters generated on phones.
                                         
                                            video selfies, with filtered graphical / text overlays.
                                         
                                            feeds of video; i.e., video games, screen-sharing, etc.
                                         
                                            first person, point-of-view perspective videos.
                                          
                                        your computer screen itself is a continous display of moving images, commonly referred to as — video. the missing puzzle piece is often right under our nose. video is often that piece for a business.
                                      
                                            automate processes (sales, training, etc.) with video.
                                         
                                            introduce products, services, locations, people, or ideas.
                                         
                                            educate customers, or employees, with video content.
                                         
                                            warm-up, and prime leads with entertaining video.
                                         
                                            conduct personalized memos, messages or theater.
                                         
                                            animate advanced concepts, or simplify big ideas.
                                         
                                            avoid repetitive explanitory tasks with video.
                                          
                                        most businesses benefit in unfathomable ways by using video. this is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. if you or your business would like a free video consultation — let our professionals explain how we can improve your business operations, logistics, training, onboarding, marketing, education, and so much more. reach out to us today.
                                          should i hire a videographer for my event?    
                                        hiring a videographer has many benefits. it's impossible to video continuously, and attend the same event — most people capture a few moment of video and quickly realize it is hard work to film much beyond 30-seconds, let alone several minutes or hours. if you want video of an event, you need a videographer; it really is that simple. a dedicated person needs to film the event if you want it on video.
                                     
                                        whether you should hire a videographer for your event can be boiled down to three essential questions, with no right or wrong answer:
                                      
                                            is this a pivotal moment for the subject?
                                         
                                            are more than a dozen people attending?
                                         
                                            will there be people who want to see this?
                                          
                                        many people choose to film their wedding because it is a pivotal moment. likewise, many businesses film conferences, speakers, or events they host if it has signficance to their history or brand. and, many musicians or sports athletes may film if it's an important or special moment. this is taking video for keepsake, or posterity.
                                     
                                        similarly, social gatherings with intent-to-gather are often worth filming. it is unlikely that exact group of people will remain the same, or unchanged, over the years. if a social group is interested enough to gather together, there is a high chance future generations are interested in virtually attending by means of digital video.
                                     
                                        ultimately video is a means for sharing information visually, and the closest thing we have to time-travel. many people would pay money to travel into the past, but capturing video requires foresight. this is why so many people exclaim, "i got that on video!" as if they caught lightning in a bottle during unexpected events. on the flip-side, this is why nearly all brides regret not having video of their wedding.
                                     
                                        video is a portal into the past; arguably, video is the most effective communication method ever created. not only is video one of the best storytelling mediums — but video is inherantly empathetic. if your goal is to share an emotion, moment, feeling, time, or create a communication piece based on your event, you should absolutely hire a videographer. sometimes for you, sometimes for posterity.
                                          which video services does vanilla video offer?    
                                        we primarily create video content by capturing live events on video, or undertaking small video productions for businesses. we have full-time videographers, and full-time video editors on direct payroll. our specialty is producing video from a live event, or the ideas you have.
                                     
                                        our team is similarly capable of conceptualization, drafting ideas, and providing a full creative treatment — upon request, we are able to handle the development of client strategies, marketing efforts, advertising campaigns including video marketing, etc. we have an on staff software engineer / web developer to bridge the video production realm to websites, web apps, and advanced uses.
                                     
                                        further, our video production studio is wherever it needs to be; as our team is familar with booking studio, specialty spaces and filming in unique environments. we can prepare scripts, locate actors, and pre-produce as much or as little of the video project as desired. if needed, we can source and acquire props, catering, and procure other necessities for a specific project.
                                        research, including market a/b testing with various video-cuts or lengths, is fine for us too.
                                     
                                        if you are looking for a video production partner, or a video agency that can reliably deliver quality videos across thousands of video productions, vanilla video is the top-choice. video marketing and video use on the web for business is our expertise. we are one of the few video production companies to internally host and stream videos without a third-party solution. everything we do is unique.
                                     
                                        from production, to post-production and video finalization — our project managers are great communicators and even better with deadline management. again, with proprietary high-volume order and project management software internally developed by our own team, vanilla video is unmatched in production efficiency.
                                     
                                        our company is world-class, a true best-in-class service. apprentice videographers come to intern for our team, and cut their teeth in the industry. we are an industry-leading video production company, and whether it involves filming live-action, editing, animation, motion graphics, or complex pre-production — we produce video.
                                               who operates vanilla video services?     vanilla video is a chicago-based video production company with full-time employee videographers. vanilla video, llc is our legal parent company name, co-founded on december 30, 2011 in a suburban apartment by corey olson, frank romano iii and nick romano. we have served thousands of customers.
                                     
                                        we operate multiple video production brands, to more easily attract specific customer segments and separate lines of business.
                                     
                                        we are committed to fair, transparent and consistent pricing. we quote from the same standard pricing model. regardless who you are, or what you are filming — our pricing remains the same. †
                                      † pricing is specific to geographic boundaries. we adjust rates to be in-line with local geographic markets; i.e., new york city, los angeles, and chicago may have different pricing due to local market conditions, costs of living or cost of doing business.        what is a videographer, and what do they do?    
                                        a videographer is a video-camera operator who captures video to an electronic medium of storage. videographers are functionally similar to a photographer, but skilled in the art of video production. usually, videographers work in electronic news gathering (eng) scenarios with the goal of capturing live events or small video productions.
                                     
                                        videographers focus on smaller productions like documentaries, short films, weddings, sporting events, corporate videos, birthday parties, legal depositions, television commercials, and generally any live event or video production smaller than a feature movie set.
                                        in recent parlance, "cinematographer" has become synonymous with "videographer". although traditionally, cinematographers work on movie sets, and they specifically use film as their medium.
                                     
                                        many videographers label themselves as cinematographers, offering cinematography — despite using digital video production techniques and working with digital video. this is a marketing technique; it calls attention to interchangeable lens cameras which produce cinematic looking digital video. these are referred to as "cinema cameras" but nonetheless it is operated by a videographer (i.e., cinematographer.)
                                     
                                        individuals hire videographers to capture video of personal events, while businesses employ videographers to produce video marketing content, or to gather video content for a mixed range of purposes.
                                     
                                        video is a technical medium that requires skill and knowledge to capture, handle, edit or generally work with. while a few very large companies can afford in-house videographers, many businesses need a videographer to handle their video production needs.
                                           how much do video production companies charge?    
                                        most video production companies charge between $200 to $500 per hour to cover gear, multiple videographers and / or production assistants, pre-production planning, and post-production. while it is possible to find and hire a single videographer, their rates will range from $75 to $200 per hour based on the individual or company.
                                     
                                        video production companies often charge $50 to $150 per hour for editing. similarly, a video production company might charge $50 to $150 per hour for consulting or pre-production. billing frequency varies — however, most video production professionals require a deposit / retainer to get started. payment schedules are common.
                                     
                                        producing a video can involve several hours or days of planning or pre-production work. likewise, nearly all video production involves some level of post-production labor. some video companies bundle pre / post production pricing with the actual production costs. it is usually more helpful to look at the total project cost instead of line-items when looking for a video production company.
                                     
                                        an average, but well produced video (for web distribution) might cost between $1,000 - $3,000 per minute of runtime. television commercials, music videos, high-end brand films, and a variety of circumstances can push production costs higher. video production does not have an inherant budgetary cap; as noted in major feature films, producing video can cost upwards of $1 million per minute.
                                     
                                        keep in mind that every person added to a video production set will likely inflate the budget by at least $500. actors, voice over artists, graphic designers, animations, production assistants. most halfway decent videos cost at least $1,500 if considering basic pre-planning, production and post-production. good videos start to appear above the $5,000 range; and, commercial video work is easily $10,000+.
                                          how much does a wedding videographer cost?    
                                        the average wedding videographer charges $1,500 to $4,000 for a completed wedding video; with the average couple spending $1,800 on their wedding videography. prices vary by geography, wedding videographer skill level, and add-ons (e.g., coverage, deliverables.)
                                     
                                        spending less than $1,500 on a wedding video will likely result in compromise. either sacrificing length of coverage, camera quality, number of cameras or videographers, editing, etc. while there is nothing wrong with spending less to get an affordable wedding video, couples should be aware of the trade-offs. a videographer working solo will have more difficulty (and fatigue) than a team.
                                     
                                        a secondar videographer for weddings is highly useful, since they can capture the event at a different angle. even more valuable to the editing, and therefore the emotional impact, is an alternative focal-length while capturing the event. often two videographers working an event might opt for different focal-lengths; i.e., one medium-wide safe shot on the primary, and one close-up on the secondary.
                                        with two or more videographers, more artistic risk can be taken to get visually appealing shots — but a "safe shot" is always desireable.
                                     
                                        spending over $4,000 for a wedding video will likely result in more thorough pre-production or planning, tertiary videographers, and a more highly polished edit. again, there is no true limit to how many cameras or videographers a wedding can have. while there are diminishing returns, most weddings benefit up to 3 cameras.
                                     
                                        most wedding videographers charge $100 to $200 per hour; with editing rates from $50 to $150 per hour. however, most wedding videographers do not sell their time by the hour; instead, they will often create packages which require a specific amount of time.
                                     
                                        a well produced wedding video by a single videographer costs $1,500 to $3,000. likewise, a good wedding video utilizing multiple videographers will cost anywhere between $3,000 to $7,500+. it is recommended couples spend 3-5% of their total wedding budget for wedding videography — with the average around $1,800.
                                                          orders of magnitudes  our videographers film 5x more than a typical freelancer. would you rather hire somebody who touches their camera once per month, or three times per week?              kings of video production  our authority is implicit. we don't drop names to impress customers. we make video for the big, and the small. if you like what you see, let's make some video.              nationwide videography  based in chicago, we send videographers near and far, to your location. with clients worldwide, we can go anywhere, and work with local talent if necessary.              book a video consultation need branding assistance? let's make an appointment.   20-minute phone call  learn more                  vanilla video is a video production company based in the chicago area. we offer premium video production services and video editing to businesses, musicians, weddings and governments — plus so much more. contact us today.   vanilla video  about careers    customers  faqs pricing    extras  articles specifications      
                        © 2025 vanilla video
                         · 
                        terms of service
                         · 
                        privacy policy
                         · 
                        cookies    
                        generated in 0.0007 seconds — 613.46 kib                                
