





























assessor's office | mesa county







  skip to main content














main navigation






menu





menu





resident resources


business resources


departments and services


contact us


jobs


events


news









translate
 









 









breadcrumb


home  

departments and services  

                  assessor's office
              








 






assessor's office


our department has a highly-trained staff, and we stand ready and dedicated to provide you with equitable, accurate values and excellent public service.  it is a high honor and great privilege to serve as your assessor!




      agricultural land
  



      assessor lookup
  



      business personal property
  



      electronic notice of valuation (enov)
  



      exemptions
  



      forms
  



      frequently asked questions
  



      glossary of terms
  



      important dates for property owners
  



      reports
  



      research property sales
  



      taxpayer remedies
  











brent goff


mesa county assessor







welcome from the mesa county assessor




our department website provides

information on almost 90,000 unique real property parcels, along with assessment information and values.
robust sales search functions, maps and other data.
for your protection, we do not provide a property owner's name in our assessor property lookup system.

we appreciate your comments and suggestions about our service and ways to improve our website.















          assessor lookup
      



    search real property public information.











          change mailing address
      



    change your mailing address for the assessor and treasurer offices.











          electronic notice of valuation lookup
      



    valuation information for real property, mobile home property, personal property, natural resource property, and oil and gas property.











          electronic notice of valuation sign up
      



    sign up to receive your valuation information by email.











          interactive parcel map
      



    use our interactive map to search for parcel information with a wide range of filters.











          property sales search
      



    research property sales by dates, property type, and many other options.











          assessment rates & value exemptions
      



    2024 value exemptions
you may notice an actual value exemption on your property, residential $55k & commercial $30k.  the legislature set the residential assessment rate at 6.7%.  these exemptions and assessment rate reductions are for one year only— tax year 2024, payable in 2025.











          review our services
      



    complete a short survey about our services. 















          related news
      

    all news









assessor’s office departmental update



at the dec. 17 administrative public hearing, the mesa county assessor brent goff gave a detailed presentation to the board of mesa county commissioners and public attendees to update our community on his office’s work. 


    december 20, 2024








        information, video
    










          featured events
      

    all events












          assessor's office
      


      970-244-1610
  



      assessor@mesacounty.us
  




          old courthouse (assessor)
      

              544 rood avenue 
                        grand junction, co 81501
          


fax:

      970-244-1790
  



monday - friday: 8:00 am-5:00 pm






          mailing address
      

          department 5003
                      p.o. box 20,000
                    grand junction, co 81502-5001
        
























          contact us
      







telephone 

      department directory
  









contact information

      contact information 
  









comments and feedback

      get in touch
  










































© 2024 mesa county, colorado



      ada policy
  



      nondiscrimination policy
  





      powered by interpersonal frequency
    

  
















