


beautiful vacuum























    
	beautiful vacuum
	
  








thursday, august 19, 2010



	 
	 facts about tongue
	 
    


facts about tongue 1. close up near fifty percent of the germs in the mouth existence on the outside of our tongue.2. here are around 9,000 flavor buds lying on the tongue.3. our tongue includes 3,000 flavor buds.4. 85 percentages of the people be able to twist their tongue keen on a pipe.labels: facts about tongue



posted by spider @ 3:55 am  
    	
         0 comments






thursday, august 12, 2010



	 
	 tsunami
	 
    


tsunami factstsunami is a japanese language. "tsu" convert to harbor and "nami" to wave. while a body of water is quickly moved, sequences of waves are produced. these progressions of waves are described "tsunami". these waves are typically 10 meters sky-scraping. the fast dislocation of the body of water acquires rest owing to the subsequent causes:o volcanic explosionso tremorso undersea blastso big meteorite crasheso mass actions beyond or underseao nuclear missiles trying in oceansstarting of a tsunami waveoccasionally plate limitations suddenly bend and relocate the overlying water perpendicularly. subduction tremors are resourceful in making a tsunami. in the 1940s, a tremor evaluating 7.8 on the richter level gives increase to a tsunami. unstable volcanic achievement, tremors and crash proceedings be able to create a tsunami. the water wave might make 50 to 150 meters and wrap a tallness of 500 meters on limited mass. a "mega tsunami" is foundations by big tremors. the relocated water accumulation goes beneath the consequence of significance. this water emits diagonally the ocean related to waves in a pool.symbols to facilitate a tsunami is impendingo if an tremor catches rest close to a body of water, it means that a tsunami resolve pursue in a small instanceo if the water beside the beach move away severely and symbol classically busy areas it must be conditional that this is the depression of the tsunami and a apex resolve pursue following a few next or proceedingstsunaminew tsunami particularsnext to the genuine point in the sea, tsunamis be able to contain a velocity of 600 mph. near to the shore, this rate decreases to 30 to 40 mph. this power of the wave's velocity is altered to bigger elevation and complete strength. these waves are capable to be providing 100 kilometers and one hour distant. they can irritate huge oceans lacking to a large extent defeat of energy. tsunamis are able to obtain place at some time in night or day. they are able to lift the rivers and pour out that finish up in the ocean. tsunamis go earlier than a individuallabels: tsunami



posted by spider @ 12:46 am  
    	
         0 comments






monday, june 28, 2010



	 
	 future weapons
	 
    


some of the future weapons:m82 sniper rifle:one of the latest and most efficient american scoped rifles is the m82 (today called also m107). it was developed by barrett firearms company in 1980 and was first used in 1989.xm307 heavy machine gun:xm307 is an advanced crew served weapon or acsw which has a massive fire-power with 25mm belt-fed ammunition whichis fired at rate of 260 rounds per minute.f 2000 assault rifle: they call it the weapon of 21 st century. it was developed in 2001 by the belgian manufacturer fabrique nationale.in herstal this 5.56mm assault rifle was a breakthrough in design and development in light assault weapons. modular weapon system f2000 uses 5.56×45mm caliber assault rifle bullets and it can held up to 30-round in a case.heckler & koch hk416 assault rifle:heckler & koch hk416 assault rifle improved version of m4 carbine now features a new style gas system. designed by u.s. army's delta force and german arms it all got a shape in 2004 when the new rifle was designed. this rifle is currently being used in combat in over six countries. using 5.56x45mm nato rounds and with fire rate of 700-900 rounds per minute it makes it a really deadly weapon.as50 sniper rifle:the as50 is a long range sniper rifle using .50 cal ammunition. it is the latest product of british firearms producer accuracy international and was designed and produced in 2006.adult halloween costumes



posted by spider @ 2:45 pm  
    	
         0 comments






thursday, june 17, 2010



	 
	 world famous banks
	 
    


 in order to open an account in swiss bank you can get help from their brokers & agents. visit this site from more information http://www.swissgates.com/adb is a multilateral development finance institution dedicated to reducing poverty in asia and the pacific. established in 1966, they are now owned by 62 members. headquarters is in manila and having 24 other offices around the world. http://www.adb.org/one of the biggest bank in the arab country. they have worldwide offices in 27 countries. for more detailshttp://www.arabbank.com/the reason bank of america is in business is to help make communities stronger and to help people achieve their dreams. we fulfill this purpose by reaching for higher standards in everything we do -- for our customers, our shareholders, our associates and our communities, upon which the future prosperity of our company rests."http://www.bankofamerica.com/to provide superior, proactive banking services to niche markets globally, while providing cost-effective, responsive services to others in our role as a development bank, and in so doing, meet the requirements of stakeholders.http://www.bankofindia.com/ bank one is one of the nation's leading financial institutions. our growth allows us to focus on continuing to innovate and enhance customer service.http://www.bankone.com/ anz is one of the largest companies in australia and new zealand and a major international banking and financial services group, which is among the top 100 banks in the world.anz world headquarters is located in melbourne, where it first opened an office as the bank of australasia in the 1830s.anz's impressive history stretches back over 150 years and involves dozens of different banks.http://www.anz.com/ the world bank group’s mission is to fight poverty and improve the living standards of people in the developing world. it is a development bank which provides loans, policy advice, technical assistance and knowledge sharing services to low and middle income countries to reduce poverty. the bank promotes growth to create jobs and to empower poor people to take advantage of these opportunities.http://web.worldbank.org/ the islamic development bank is an international financial institution established in pursuance of the declaration of intent issued by the conference of finance ministers of muslim countries held in jeddah in dhul q'adah 1393h, corresponding to december 1973. the inaugural meeting of the board of governors took place in rajab 1395h, corresponding to july 1975, and the bank was formally opened on 15 shawwal 1395h corresponding to 20 october 1975. http://www.isdb.org/ the european central bank and the national central banks together constitute the eurosystem, the central banking system of the euro area. the main objective of the eurosystem is to maintain price stability: safeguarding the value of the euro.http://www.ecb.int/ deutsche bank is one of the leading international financial service providers. with 69,300 employees, the bank serves more than 13 million customers in 76 countries worldwide; more than half of the bank's staff work outside germany.http://www.deutsche-bank.de/index_e.htm icici bank is india's second-largest bank with total assets of about rs.112,024 crore and a network of about 450 branches and offices and about 1750 atms. icici bank offers a wide range of banking products and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels and through its specialised subsidiaries and affiliates in the areas of investment banking, life and non-life insurance, venture capital, asset management and information technology. icici bank's equity shares are listed in india on stock exchanges at chennai, delhi, kolkata and vadodara, the stock exchange, mumbai and the national stock exchange of india limited and its american depositary receipts (adrs) are listed on the new york stock exchange (nyse).http://www.icicibank.com/ headquartered in london, hsbc holdings plc is one of the largest banking and financial services organisations in the world. hsbc’s international network comprises over 9,500 offices in 79 countries and territories in europe, the asia-pacific region, the americas, the middle east and africa.with listings on the london, hong kong, new york and paris stock exchanges, shares in hsbc holdings plc are held by nearly 200,000 shareholders in some 100 countries and territories. the shares are traded on the new york stock exchange in the form of american depositary receipts.through an international network linked by advanced technology, including a rapidly growing e-commerce capability, hsbc provides a comprehensive range of financial services: personal financial services; commercial banking; corporate, investment banking and markets; private banking; and other activities.http://www.hsbc.com/ halloween costumes



posted by spider @ 1:32 pm  
    	
         0 comments






tuesday, june 01, 2010




satellite:in the context of spaceflight, a satellite is an object which has been placed into orbit by human endeavor. such objects are sometimes called artificial satellites to distinguish them from natural satellites such as the moon.the first artificial satellite, sputnik 1, was launched by the soviet union in 1957. by 2010 thousands of satellites have been launched into orbit around the earth. these originate from more than 50 countries and have used the satellite launching capabilities of ten nations. a few hundred satellites are currently operational, whereas thousands of unused satellites and satellite fragments orbit the earth as space debris. a few space probes have been placed into orbit around other bodies and become artificial satellites to the moon, venus, mars, jupiter and saturn.satellites are used for a large number of purposes. common types include military and civilian earth observation satellites, communications satellites, navigation satellites, weather satellites, and research satellites. space stations and human spacecraft in orbit are also satellites.satellite orbits vary greatly, depending on the purpose of the satellite, and are classified in a number of ways. well-known (overlapping) classes include low earth orbit, polar orbit, and geostationary orbit.satellites are usually semi-independent computer-controlled systems. satellite subsystems attend many tasks, such as power generation, thermal control, telemetry, attitude control and orbit control.how satellites are work? adult halloween costumes



posted by spider @ 2:59 pm  
    	
         0 comments






friday, may 28, 2010



	 
	 expressions of eggs!!!!!!!
	 
    


ultimate war between one box soldiers  and another box soldiersaccident zonedont hit mehi dear, say darling???i am very sinayyyooooooooo............ they are ready to kill me please help and save me :(just like that three monkeys???? adult halloween costumes



posted by spider @ 3:03 pm  
    	
         0 comments






thursday, may 27, 2010



	 
	 news
	 
    


google news'american idol' fans offer their theories on lee dewyze's win - mtv.com.energy regulator quits as obama calls gulf top priority - marketwatch.israel's concern: gaza aid flotilla will help hamas - christian science monitor.obama defends spill response, says drilling risks will rise - businessweek.celtics hope to avoid bruins' fate, reach finals - usa today.ap top news at 4:05 pm edt - the associated press.  technologyquickiestechcrunch challengepost becomes a government contractor techmeme does the world really need yahoo anymore?...readwriteweb 3 companies that tackle complexity in the cloud allthingsd at last: google closes admob deal [digital daily]oreilly radar tim berners-lee on data.gov.uk, open linked... centernetworks android versus iphone: winner takes mosthacker news important fiduciary duty case for major... crenk tutorial: create your own website with stiqralley insider what we're going to do with mobile now that we... inquisitr study: casual gaming improves cognitive functionarstechnica apple stock rise could have meant $4.5 billion... mashable wired sells 24,000 ipad apps in one daywininsider after two high-profile microsoft exits macrumors at&t claims 40% of iphone sales made to...nytimes bits one laptop per child project partners with... intomobile motorola motoroi bringing android os to...twit security now 250: operating systems techradar real-time feedback comes to youtubequickiesdumblittleman how to never find your passion productivity501 the role of lightingunclutterer choosing to display, store, or get rid of an item nytimes health do stress or diet cause herpes outbreaks?zenhabits the no. 1 habit of highly creative people well refusing to pay for complicationsfitsugar savvy life lessons straight from carrie and the... concierge escape from new york  adult halloween costumes



posted by spider @ 2:55 pm  
    	
         0 comments















about me

name:  spider 
location:  melborne, australia 
ftbl.fantasyfootball@gmail.com
view my complete profile

links


previous posts

facts about tongue
tsunami
future weapons
world famous banks
satellite:in the context of spaceflight, a satelli...
expressions of eggs!!!!!!!
news
beautiful nature wallpapers you ever seen!
do you know - what really beautiful sounds like?
benchmark for technical and driving excellence amo...

archives

april 2005
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
november 2008
december 2008
march 2009
april 2009
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
august 2010


subscribe toposts [atom]




 



 




