




immaculate consumption – the path to life long weight management

































 












        close    

home
about
book
member login
 


search for:





recent posts


hello world!


recent commentsarchives

may 2019

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 



 
immaculate consumption
the path to life long weight management



home
about
book
member login




 













															deena solomon, phd, mft														
introducing the immaculate consumption lifelong weight management system training for clinicians. the best kept secret in life long weight management is now available to clinical behavioral psychotherapists.



 
 
 


 












															dr deena solomon introduces her life long weight management program training for clinicians														

https://immaculateconsumption.s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/clinicians+struggle+to+get+clients++.mp4


 
 


 











my specialty is helping people with weight management. i've been practicing for 4 decades. traditionally, the business of dieting is getting over a 95% failure rate. since 1963 when the initial research of this program began and data was collected, it turns out i am able to predict success within the first 2 weeks of treatment at an 84% success rate. i've been a licensed private practitioner for close to 4 decades. i am ready to give this to people in need. i want this program to be available for clinicians so they can have the privilege of helping people the way i have for all these years.for more information call dr solomon at 310-392-6204clinician training available to: state licensed clinical psychotherapists (predisposed to cognitive behavioral)


 
 


 












															in the u.s. alone over $72 billion is spent annually on weight loss with an over 95% failure rate.														


 
 


 





									the immaculate consumption program clinician training								
you will learn the clinical and practical applications of  two scientific principles that will enhance your ability to help clients not only attain their weight loss results, but manage and maintain the weight loss throughout their life. you will be furnished with a proven, scientifically-based methodology that will guide your clients towards their goals.








																													the immaculate consumption program training manual																											
dr. solomon will provide you with the insights and proprietary methods she has developed during more than 30 years of working successfully with hundreds of clients. these methods have repeatedly proven their efficacy in not only attaining weight loss but also in maintaining the weight loss.







																													client sessions videos																											
in our private member's area of our website you can view a series of full sessions that will take you through the first month of a new clients appointments. 







																													supervision with dr solomon																											
dr solomon will work directly with you either in person or via video conferencing to insure your success.





 
















															immaculate consumption: the path to lifelong weight management														
clinicians will receive dr solomon's book which is based on her personal experience in attaining her own weight loss goals and maintaining her desired weight for over 30 years.

															see more														



 
 
 







															slider title														
short excerpt

															see more														


 
 


 













															about deena solomon, phd, mft														
cognitive behavioral psychotherapist, weight management expert, author, speakerdeena solomon, phd, mft is a weight management expert and author of the book, immaculate consumption: the path to lifelong weight management. as a cognitive behavioral psychotherapist who holds a special certification in behavioral medicine, she has helped hundreds of clients to lose weight and keep it off for decades. she lost 70 lbs. herself and has maintained that weight loss since 1980.



 
 
 







															slider title														
short excerpt

															see more														


 
 


 












															dr solomon on clinician candidacy														
i am specifically interested in cognitive behavioral psychotherapists interested in helping their clients make permanent behavioral changes.



 
 
 


 













															classical & operant conditioning 														
dr solomon discusses how classical and operant conditioning is used to de-emotionalize your relationship with food.



 
 
 







															slider title														
short excerpt

															see more														


 
 


 


back to top
 





contact dr deena solomon
info@immaculateconsumption.com
310-392-6204

 

 immaculate consumption lifelong weight management is a trademarked weight-maintenance program.

 

 
 



dr deena solomon ©









					search:				




















