


	airmed international - air ambulance | medical air transport | global coverage | 24x7x365













































skip to main content


request transport









    home
  

    about us
  
accreditation
careers
investor relations
leadership
news
our bases
our fleet

    services
  
aeromedical transport and evacuation services
emergency air medical transport services
non-emergency medical transportation services
international commercial stretcher service
long distance medical escort service
airmed 360 commercial medical escorts
medical repatriation
medevac
air ambulance safety
integrated healthcare services
911 emergency
air medical services
bedside to bedside service
neonatal services
brain injury
critical care air ambulance services
ehlers-danlos air medical services
guillain-barre (gbs) syndrome air medical services
acute coronary syndrome air medical
diabetes mellitus air medical services
organ procurement
medical capabilities
international ems
onsite health and safety 
health systems
patient transport
pediatric patient transport
bariatric patient transport
geriatric patients care
patient care delivery system
flight assistance for elderly passengers
disaster response team
event medical
transport online order service

    membership
  
all plans
membership portal
terms and conditions

    blog
  

    faqs
  

    contact us
  





menu



home


about us


services


membership


blog


faqs


contact us









welcome to airmed international






industry-leading technology available to you
request and view fixed-wing quotes at the click of a button
learn more







24x7x365 medical air transport services
airmed air ambulances are on call around-the-clock to respond to your medical needs
learn more







serving every corner of the globe
airmed air ambulances have completed over 25,000 transports in over 150 countries.
learn more







airmed international expands service through...
-
learn more







extensive medical capabilities
airmed air ambulances are equipped for virtually every critical care scenario.
learn more







work anywhere but get home quickly in an emergency
expat extended stay plans for individuals and families, provide seamless air ambulance care bedside-to-bedside
learn more





next
previous

down






experienced
the team at airmed international has pioneered the air ambulance and air medical transport industry for over three decades. the dedication and expertise of our team allow us to deliver a seamless transport experience bedside-to-bedside from anywhere on the globe.
learn more



trusted
airmed international is the leading air ambulance and medical transport company in the united states, with 25,000 total missions and counting. airmed offers unparalleled medical care and bedside-to-bedside transportation on a worldwide basis and boasts the most experienced air medical crews in the industry. 
read more



equipped
rivaling patient care in some of the finest hospitals, airmed air ambulances are equipped for virtually every critical care scenario. and unlike others in the industry, we have our own fleet so we can guarantee a quality medical flight and exceptional care across the board. all of airmed’s flight crews are simulator trained annually, which exceeds industry standards, and all long-range pilots hold atp ratings.
more info









the airmed air ambulance fleet
as an faa-certified air carrier with worldwide operating authority, our air ambulance fleet consists of part 135 atp certified flight crew that are simulator trained annually and are type-specific rated. maintenance professionals are required to release long-range aircraft for each air ambulance flight and accept the aircraft upon return.
raytheon hawker 800beechjet 400learjet 35a









previously a member of airmed?         renew now






home


about us


services


membership


blog


faqs


contact us




(opens in a new tab)



(opens in a new tab)



(opens in a new tab)



(opens in a new tab)



(opens in a new tab)


non-discrimination - 
    privacy policy - 
    notice of privacy practices - 
    site usage - 
    do not sell - 
    
cookie settings


©2024 airmed international, the premier air ambulance company and medical evacuation membership program.  all rights reserved.
      the airmed red shield logo is a federally registered trademark of airmed international, llc registered with the u.s. patent and trademark office. eeo/aa employer/vet/disabled.
the following information regarding the aviation consumer protection division is provided to comply with 49 u.s.c. section 42302.  the dot aviation consumer protection division’s contact information is as follows:
      
             
      
      aviation consumer protection division, c-75
            
      u.s. department of transportation, 1200 new jersey avenue, se. washington, dc 20590
            
      202-366-2220 (tty 202-336-0511), 1-866-tell-faa (1-866-835-5322)
      
    














