


deep thoughts























    
	deep thoughts
	
  




wednesday, march 04, 2009



	 i can see!
    


so we took a trip into an eye specialist to have joseph's tear ducts checked out because they had basically been blocked since he was born.  i guess when they do this, they always check eye sight too.  so they check it out and he is extremly far sighted and needs glasses pronto.  pretty crazy!  i can't ever recall seeing glasses on a child younger than 2 ... let alone 10-11 month's!  so we've had them for a couple weeks now and he does great.  had a few days of testing us with taking them off, but not really a bother at all now.  he seems to focus more now on what he's doing and clapping and waving.  he looks like a little gentleman.  



posted by scott @ 2:20 pm  
      
         2 comments






sunday, february 01, 2009



	 i'm due
    


i'm due for a post, pics, update, etc. will probably be more pics, but whatever.jacob and joseph have really started to play together the last 2-3 weeks. jacob brings him toys consistently, they wrestle (playfully for the most part), and chase each other around the house all day long. they really are becoming best buds. joseph basically can't be in a room without his older brother for more than 5 minutes before he needs his jacob time. it's pretty darn cute.we took the boys to open gym where megan used to work on friday. jacob basically ran around hard for 30+ minutes. he's going to want to do that again.last sunday i took jacob to his first sporting event - wolves vs bulls. we won in overtime and jacob did excellent for the game lasting an hour past his bed time. i think his favorite part was dancing during time outs. big al went for 39. great first game. here's the only pic i have from this i'm pretty sure i saw 50 degrees yesterday. man were we due for a day like that. great to be able to get outside again ... we even grilled burgers for dinner. fantastic. super bowl today. i'm going steelers 37 cardinals 22. hopefully it's a good game. kind of blah leading up to it.can't remember if i posted this before, but basketball started again. last week we improved to 4-0 and probably had our best win over the years. solid w. i missed week 3 game with the flu, but am now starting to get back into shape. no more sickness, thanks.pic's time!



posted by scott @ 7:20 am  
      
         2 comments






thursday, january 22, 2009



	 update
    


i've been sick for about 6 days now with the res.flu. it has basically knocked me out to doing nothing all week. the wonderful thing is i took this week off of work. how confenient. we were going to paint the kitchen this week. looks like that might not happen until the next week i have off .... maybe in a couple of weeks? other than that exciting news, here's a few tidbits from the arnold's:winter b-ball has started up again. we've started 2-0 while playing pretty well going into last nights game. feels really good to get back into the swing of things, although out of shape. i've started to workout again at lifetime, but not on a good routine yet.had a small family get together for jacob turning 2 a couple of weeks ago. he's doing great. a little too active, but great. can't believe its been 2 years already.i don't think i've posted this before, but we had to get joseph fitted for a helmet that he wore for about 23hrs a day. while nothing was really wrong, he had a flat spot that needed to be fixed. he is all but off of it now and is looking better.  here's a pic from a couple months ago with it:nothing really else new with us.  would like to say congrats to the new parents out there of erik and kari with piper, and dave and beth with emmitt.  great news for both of you guys.  can't wait to see the new kiddies. 



posted by scott @ 11:20 am  
      
         0 comments






thursday, december 04, 2008



	 i've been tagged
    


i've been tagged by jenny to find my sixth picture in our sixth folder.  here it is.here's a picture of jacob at 2 months old in march '07.  we had black and white film leftover from our wedding that we used up ... kind of cool.  crazy that it has been almost 2 years and another brother already here. i'll tag andy, mandy, dk, and amy. (andy/mandy, you have to post a different pic) here's the rules: 1. go to your sixth picture folder and find the sixth picture.2. pray you remember the details!3. post it on your blog.4. tag four others and leave a comment on their blog to let them know they've been tagged.



posted by scott @ 10:22 pm  
      
         3 comments






tuesday, november 11, 2008



	 fall pics
    


since i don't really have much to talk about, here's some pic's from out trip to the cabin and some random one's from the fall.cabinfall



posted by scott @ 6:16 pm  
      
         3 comments






saturday, november 08, 2008



	 a post
    


horray! a post! great job scott!thats what someone might say when the one person who reads this in 2 months actually checks. i'm terrible at posting.here's the boys at halloween.joseph was a blueberry like jacob last year, and jacob was a duck.  he hated getting that costume on but we managed and he did great trick or treating.november is here and can't believe the summer has come and gone.  managed to get up to the cabin once with the fam ... haven't done that in ages.  good times.i'm searching for some pics from the summer and will post them as soon as i find them ... yeah, i actually plan on it. 



posted by scott @ 7:42 am  
      
         3 comments






saturday, august 02, 2008



	 oops
    


so this whole blogging thing hasn't been exactly priority #1. oops.so, having 2 kids is awesome, but a lot different. it's a lot easier and harder at the same time. the little things are a heck of a lot easier after going through it once .... but man, does it get tough watching 2 vs 1. both kids are great, but jacob gets to be a handful when he's tired/parents aren't looking/time out #18 wasn't good enough. he's a great kid, but knows how to push buttons. getting closer to 2 will do that to ya i guess. he is doing great ... talking a ton, runs everywhere, loves his brother, starting to help out more around the house, and over all, a good kid.joseph is doing great ... 90% in weight at last check up. smiles, giggles, laughs ... all the good stuff .... just has acid reflux worse than jacob. big time trooper though .... no complaints.as far as the arnolds go .... megan is staying home now with the boys and working part time at lifetime, teaching a few classes. staying at home has made things go a little smoother. myself, i really don't remember any past posts .... i basically have been working nonstop all summer. haven't really done a heck of a lot. made a trip up to bemidji to visit my sis and her fam ... tried to get back into disc golf with only a couple outtings ... finished my patio (will need to have a party sometime soon) .... nothing really else - sad.here's a few pics to try and catch up ... (i can't upload any pics off our computer right now ... will update soon ... i hope)



posted by scott @ 10:04 pm  
      
         1 comments











about me

name:  scott 
location:  minnesota, united states 
view my complete profile



links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

i can see!
i'm due
update
i've been tagged
fall pics
a post
oops
joseph scott arnold
1st year stats
happy birthday!

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
july 2006
september 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
june 2007
september 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
april 2008
august 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009









 





