










aircraft sales and acquisition services - john bell aircraft, inc.






























































menu
skip to content
home
aircraft for sale
aircraft acquisitions
aircraft brokerage
aircraft appraisals
about us
 








aircraft sales and acquisition services


john bell aircraft, inc. has provided aircraft sales and acquisition services to aviation clients for 40+ years. let our experience help guide your way to the perfect aircraft.


transition to a new aircraft today!

view inventory


your personal aircraft sales and acquisition specialists


aircraft acquisitions
since 1978, our specialty has been finding the right aircraft to suit your needs and budget. we can quickly locate the best value on the market. let us help you find your perfect airplane!
read more




aircraft brokerage
jba has 40+ years of experience in private aircraft sales and acquisitions. 
our aircraft listings are professionally represented with all of the information you need to make an informed buying decision.
read more




aircraft appraisals
we provide professional aircraft appraisal reports for banks, co-ownerships, insurance companies, and aircraft buyers. an aircraft appraisal enables you to make the best decisions concerning your aviation needs.
read more



“the pre-owned aircraft market has evolved in the last 40+ years. buyers are more savvy and particular. the aircraft, however, are still the same. the factors that represent value and strong resale are still the same. knowing what those factors are is the key.”
john and tammy bell, owners





 










newsletter
email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human:  

john’s blog

july 2024 (1)
december 2023 (1)
september 2023 (1)
december 2019 (1)
october 2019 (1)
september 2019 (1)
september 2018 (1)
january 2014 (1)

 





jba, inc. | 1501 jackson ave. w | oxford, ms 38655 | mobile 901.489.4300 john 901.834.1600 tammy			








manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 











