




the ehrlich organization: home


 
homeentrepreneursinvestorspartnerslibrary
about uscontact us   

the ehrlich organization helps entrepreneurs and investors build companies and profit from their efforts. we offer a variety of services including:

strategic analysis and financial planning support.
facilitating group decision making processes. 
seminars and educational events.
web site development and support.  
our services draw upon our experience as entrepreneurs and investors, our skills in engineering, management, marketing, and finance, and the resources of our partners network. we work with companies in a variety of industries including software, it, financial services, telecommunications, medical devices, etc.
deliverables
we can help develop or improve your:

executive summary
business plan
financial plan and funding strategy
investor presentation
strategic option analysis
strategic option analysis (soa) is a process for decision making and business planning that we developed based on our business planning experience combined with the latest techniques for solving tough problems. soa provides:

a systematic process for thinking about complicated situations, identifying, exploring, and evaluating a variety of options. these options may include buying another company, selling the company, raising money, changing the business model, technology licensing, alliances, etc.
tools for quantifying the risks and rewards associated with any course of action and techniques for monitoring and mitigating risks.
specific information, milestones and checkpoints for monitoring the execution of the resulting plan.
we typically use soa as an assessment and planning tool when we start working with a new client and again whenever the client reaches a key decision point. the results of the soa process include most of the critical information required for planning to buy or sell a company or raise money.
soa can also be used for:

business planning by startups or existing organizations.
analyzing business plans and investment opportunities. 
companies that need help finding a path to profitability.
organizations facing hard choices due to financial issues, competitor actions, personnel changes, etc. 
for more information on soa and the availability of training classes, please contact us.
to find out how the ehrlich organization can help you, please call our san francisco office at +1-415-441-7140 or contact us.





			© 2006 by the ehrlich organization, all rights reserved. 
			help 
			search 
			privacy policy




