










post surgical compression garments | post surgical bras | emssurg.com




















































0shopping carthome
about

breast separators
post operative surgical bras
compression garments
surgical abdominal binders


surgical bras
compression garments
specialty tops
binders
other
contact
search




menu


menu

 






previousnext1234don’t stop doing what you lovecomfortable and attractive post-surgery garments

welcome to ems surgicalattractive, affordable post-surgery garments to meet your needs

body compression garments can be a helpful method in relieving pain and swelling in the areas of your body that received surgery. it can also rid your body of harmful fluids and assist in reducing post-surgery recovery time. such shapewear is intended as a comfortable, protective barrier for your skin to heal, allowing tissue to be compressed. whether used for medical recovery or for body shaping, body compression garments can give users everyday comfort and flattering figures.
ems surgical offers a wide variety of high quality, usa-made body compression garments that serve for many post-operative necessities. we sells directly to the consumer as well as to large hospitals and small clinics at an affordable rate. our surgical garments include girdles, stockings, and body suits, which can be used for plastic reconstructive surgery, thoracic surgery and general surgery. stylish and snug, these garments come in various colors, styles, and knee lengths.


link to surgical bras in product_cat

surgical bras comfortable & attractive
link to compression garments in product_cat

compression garmentspromote secure healing
link to specialty tops in product_cat

specialty topssoft with appealing details
link to binders in product_cat

bindersexpertly constructed




the ems story
at ems surgical lp, we pride ourselves on designing attractive, affordable garments that meet your patient’s post-surgery needs. not only are our products perfect for post-surgical care, but they are also comfortable and stylish with soft fabrics and appealing details. we offer surgical garments for plastic reconstructive surgery, thoracic surgery, and general surgery. we also offer reduction bras and augmentation bras.

rush delivery
ems surgical keeps a large inventory of high-quality, reasonably priced surgical garments on hand. so if the need arises for a rush delivery, please feel free to call me personally at 570-374-0569 or 800-635-7437 and your order will be shipped the same day.

  

product categoriesbreast separator
abdominal binders
surgical bras
compression garments
specialty tops
binders
other

cart

contact us:
phone: 570-374-0569
phone or fax: 800-635-7437 or 800-409-3188
e-mail: emssurg@verizon.net 

doctors / surgery centers
call for special pricing.


hours of operation:
monday-friday 8am-4pm est

address:
801 north old trail
selinsgrove, pa 17870

  


© copyright 2025 - ems surgical lp. all rights reserved.
privacy policy







scroll to top




















