
      united bank | southwest al & fl business banking | mortgage loans
     







 homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.  in observance of presidents' day, our locations will be closed monday, february 17th. close alert
      united bank | southwest al & fl business banking | mortgage loans
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentunited bank 

bank


personal


checking

savings

cds

iras

fraud & security

personal convenience services



business


checking

cds

fraud & security

business solutions





borrow


personal


personal loans

mortgage loans

visa credit cards

credit advantage loan



business


business loans/loc

visa business credit cards

sba/small business programs



agriculture


farm real estate loans

farm and timber land loans

farm equipment loans

visa business credit cards

working capital loc/crop production

farmermac

insurance





build


investment/brokerage

insurance

financial education

united bank builds

community advantage programs



connect


contact us

locations

careers

take a tour

history & mission

investor relations



open search close searchlog inopen menuonline bankingconsumer/small businessconsumer/small business business/cash management ub credit card username password enrollforgot password?loginenrollforgot password? search our site go start site searchunited bank  








united bank debit mastercard®

united bank is now offering mastercard® debit cards!
about our debit mastercard®



  







switch to estatements

easy to use, and better for the environment! login to your online banking to sign up today.
about estatements



  







introducing united bank builds!

see how united bank's mission-driven focus is building strong communities through charitable efforts and other initiatives.  
about united bank builds



 click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature  united bank builds strong communities
since our founding in 1904, united bank has worked to make our communities better for everyone. we’ve provided high-quality, affordable, and convenient financial services backed by hometown service. we’ve supported agriculture and local small businesses. and we strive to bring in investment and grow our local economy. united bank is not just a bank. we’re a community bank. and to us, community is everything.  
we are here to make banking easier. take a look at our convenience services.personal convenience services  

we understand the challenges - and rewards - that come with owning your own business.small business programs
  

great cards with great benefits, backed with a relationship and customer service.
credit cards
  
take a look at our business services and how they may help your business. business solutions     financial focus
united bank offers access to a wide array of financial services products. 
our financial learning tools   
click here to view our 2023 annual report  
history & mission we provide the latest conveniences alongside hometown customer service.more about us  investor relations

learn more about our relations and even download our annual & impact report. about investor relations  
careers

looking for a new career move? check out our job openings and join our team!view job listings  
fraud & security
 
answers to time-sensitive questions relating to missing cards or stolen identities.security resources  
credit advantage loans view the benefits of this loan that is designed to encourage savings and build your credit score.about credit advantage loans  

privacy policy

contact us

locations

careers

member fdic

equal housing lender

terms of use

financial calculators

usa patriot act

esign disclosure

fraud & security

excessive or luxury expenditures policy

coppa disclosure

uba audit charter and whistleblower policy

title vi acknowledgement 



youtube

facebook

linkedin

vimeo



created by banno©  united bankback to topread more on our accessibility statement
