



	home | external website









































             missions of love, inc.













log in










about


newsletters


ministries


gallery


give


contact us












home


home



error







go to our gallery to see our surgical suite progress.



















missions of love
a haiti christian missionwe the members of missions of love have dedicated ourselves to be servants to the lord our god. through much prayer and the guidance of the holy spirit, we feel called to serve people throughout the world in need of god’s love through medical service, education, and preaching of the gospel. we are committed to serving the people of haiti, ministering to their physical, educational, and spiritual needs. we acknowledge that a sick man cannot be taught and that a hungry child must first be fed. by first attending the physical necessities of those we serve with food, clothing, shelter, and medical relief, we may then show them the immediate impact of god’s love in their lives.
we are challenged to build and operate a modern clinic in jolivert which will be used to provide health care throughout northern haiti. we will establish health and wellness programs in the community, as well as provide education for haitian health care workers.























whoever is kind to the poor lends to the lord,
and he will reward them for what they have done.proverbs 19:17 new international version (niv)
make a donation















missions of love at a glance
missions of love (mol) is dedicated to ministering to the physical, educational and spiritual needs of the haitian population in the area of jolivert, a small village situated in the trois rivers area of northwest haiti.  (jolivert is accessible only by vehicle and is a 1-½ hour drive from the nearest airport or seaport).  we emphasize improving medical and public health services in cooperation with the existing clinics and hospitals operated by haitian authorities.
dr. bob and betty johnson served in haiti for many years before they decided to form their own mission. the missions of love dream began by dr. bob and betty seeing patients under palm trees at our jolivert location in 1991. mol was incorporated in 1994.  bush clinics began in 1995, and later clinics were held at a local church.  in 1998, ground was purchased in jolivert and the first building the mol medical clinic, clinique jolivert, was completed in 1999.  the clinic is open year-round and run by haitian staff.





















statement of faith
missions of love believes that the church is the living body of christ and is made up of all who are united in him by faith.

we believe the bible to be the inspired word of god. 
we believe that there is only one god existent in three persons: the father, son, and the holy spirit. 
we believe in the deity of our lord jesus christ, in his virgin birth, in his sinless life, in his miracles, in his vicarious and atoning death through his shed blood, in his bodily resurrection, in his ascension to the right hand of the father. and in his personal return in power and glory. 
we believe that for salvation, man must be baptized and born again by the holy spirit. 
we believe that the power of the holy spirit is working in our lives today. 
we believe that god created our bodies and gave us the gift of life. therefore, all life is sacred. we believe in the spiritual unity of believers in our lord jesus christ. 
we believe god has called all of us: to feed the hungry. to give drink to the thirsty.  to welcome the stranger. to cloth the naked. to care for the ill and dying.  to visit those imprisoned.  to show god’s love and spread the gospel throughout the world.















need more information?

contact us

get directions








































			
        

        
        

        powered by: rock rms







			
        

        
        

        po box 292
hartford, ky 42347-0292

    
		





























