



conference pros — professional conference and meeting planning services





















<
>




home
about us
our services
our clients
useful travel information
contact us





























|<
<
⇒
>
>|






<
>





business professionals working together











 welcome  to conferencepros
we are a professional conference and meeting planning  service. 
conferencepros experienced event planners arrange many meetings, conferences and events here in norman, oklahoma. we are also equally confident hosting events in other cities and states. planning an event, large or small, can be overwhelming for most businesses. conferencepros can help with organizing and implementing the countless tasks involved, whether you're planning a small day-long meeting, a week-long conference for thousands, or something in between. our team of knowledgeable professionals can manage all the details.
planning an event or conference for hundreds or thousands of participants? 
this can be an overwhelming task, with:

scheduling,
managing the details,
working with committees and
getting it all done on time and under budget!

 
we sweat the details so you don't have to!
it's not just about size. geography, technology, languages and the cultures of your participants all impact the success of your event. even a small conference, or a series of focus groups, benefit from the experience and service of our conference professionals. we are here to help!
if your organization is planning an event, call (405) 325-0751 and let  conferencepros help make it a smashing success! 
 




contact us 
the number of details to be considered can be overwhelming. 
where to begin?
contact conferenceprosfor a comprehensive event analysis for a detailed explanation of projected timelines and expenditures.
located in norman, oklahoma

laurie smith
conferencepros manager and 
                  projects director
                  (405) 325-0751
                  
richard feinberg
                  media  specialist manager(405) 325-7087 











about us
conferencepros began in 1996,  providing conference logistics support services for federal and state programs.  they expanded services to include conference, meeting and event  planning services. conferencepros aids local, regional, national and  international agencies and organizations in developing and conducting  conferences that meet the specific needs of their direct clientele. 
conferencepros meeting planners and audiovisual staff  have earned numerous certifications recognized industry-wide including: 

certified  meeting professional (cmp) 
certified  government meeting professional (cgmp) 
certified  broadcast technician

professional development is important to the staff of  conferencepros as we seek opportunities to keep up with current trends. for that reason, we belong to several  organizations, including the society of government meeting professionals and the university professional and continuing education  association.
formally known as the national  conference logistics center, in 2009, we changed our name to  conferencepros. 
 




location
conferencepros benefits from the strengths  of faculty at ou outreach (ou’s college of continuing education), as well as a wide range of  other resources and consultants in recommending appropriate expertise and  presentation skills in various fields of study. the staff of conferencepros has extensive experience and demonstrated success in designing content, providing logistical support and conducting large national and international conferences  of high impact, visibility and national or international acclaim.
conferencepros is located on the south end of ou’s beautiful and historic campus in norman, oklahoma.
 










we sweat the details so you don't have to!
it's not just about size. geography, technology, languages and the cultures of your participants all impact the success of your event. even a small conference, or a series of focus groups, benefit from the experience and service of our conference professionals. we are here to help!


where do you start?





where  does one begin when asked to plan a conference?
the number of details to be  considered can be overwhelming. contact us at conferencepros for a comprehensive  event analysis with a detailed explanation of projected timelines and  expenditures.


the coordinators at conferencepros are experienced professionals.


we save time because we know  what arrangements to make and whom to call.


we regularly handle site and  vendor negotiations and know what concessions to request, so we can save you  money!


in fact from planning, marketing and management to negotiations and technology, staff  members at conferencepros have the knowledge and  experience to handle all of the details for your next conference or event.





planning services we provide





we can help you with. . .


scheduling: we will work with you to develop tasks and  time lines for your committees and staff.


budgeting: our experienced financial staff can help  you plan budgets that are realistic and within your guidelines.


negotiating: we will help you review contracts,  proposals and bids so you know exactly what you are getting.


managing: we can assist you, your committees and  staff in every step of implementing your plan.


reporting: we will monitor the logistics and budgets  to provide you with the updates you need.


evaluating: we will be there to assist with your final  evaluations and reports. 


                          we are  ready to work behind the scenes so your events come through with flying colors.  take the headache out of events and conference planning and let us carry the  load. all you need to do to is, simply ask us for a bid – we appreciate your  interest and consideration! on to conferencepros! 




conference management





it  all comes down to this...
managing  your conference on site requires solid teamwork, clear communications, the  right resources and quick response to potential problems. our experienced  conference teams know what to expect and how to deal with the unexpected.
 
registration
registration  does not have to be a nightmare. we have a reputation for extremely fast and  effective onsite registration check-in. with our online pre-registration  (including secure credit card payment!) and onsite registration software, the  information you need is readily available.

details,  details. 
we  can keep your conference running smoothly - it is that simple! our on-site  staff is professional, courteous and helpful to both you and your conferees.
 your conference becomes ours and we become your staff.
 
events  management services we provide
here  are some of the details our staff can manage:


registration: your attendees have the  convenience of registering online, by telephone, mail, fax or on site.


audiovisual: our technicians are trained in  both set-up and troubleshooting. 


logistical support: depend on us to coordinate and  monitor your schedule, room sets, catered events, entertainment and  transportation.


speaker coordination: we can assist in scheduling and  attending to the special needs of speakers and workshop presenters.


event materials: we can create and provide  agendas, name badges and ribbons, participant lists, conference bags or  notebooks, handouts -- even custom cds!


signs and kiosks: basic and creative solutions to  the age-old question, "where is my next session?"


proceedings: we can help edit and publish  notes and handouts, papers, participant lists and minutes in both paper and  electronic formats.


evaluation: we can design, produce,  collect, tabulate evaluations and even produce a custom database of participant  comments.


 





marketing services





the goal of marketing is to inform people about your event and  interest them in attending. well-attended events are more cost effective and  profitable. so even if you are managing your own conference, you can use our  expertise in marketing and advertising.
we can help with your:
market research and strategy 


demographics/tracking: we will crunch the data and help you analyze who is attending  your conference (along with who could be).


strategy: we will help you  develop an overall strategy for informing, creating interest, inviting and  confirming people.


contact databases: we can work with your database, use our powerful and flexible  software or even design and develop a database to meet your special needs.


advertising 


direct mail: we can guide you through the bewildering world of preparing and  mailing letters and brochures.


brochure and registration materials design: we can provide or arrange for talented artists, designers and  copywriters so your publications convey the right message.


print media/trade journal advertising: from design and layout to managing contracts, we will help get  your message out to your target groups.


press releases: we will show you how to use the free media to your advantage.


mass advertising: if tv, radio and newspaper advertising fit your conference, we  can assist with production, distribution and contracting.


internet communication 


website: we can set up  information and registration sites on your existing website. or, let us create a new  one just for your conference that is visually appealing with a mobile friendly responsive design. we'll ensure your website that we create is ada compliant, accessible to all.


discussion boards: we will give your conference participants a place to ask  questions before and during the conference.


online call-for-presenter proposals and  presentations: potential presenters can submit their  proposals online. your board can access, review and score the proposals  online. you will save postage and time while increasing efficiency and  effectiveness. we can even generate acceptance and denial letters to  presenters!


list serves and email advertising: we will set up special group emailings for potential participants  in your conference.


internet advertising: we will show you how to use buttons, banners and links to generate  interest in your conference.


follow-up


alumni marketing: we can help you maintain contact with participants and encourage  their registration for your next conference.


evaluations: tap into our expertise on using participant evaluation data to  improve your next conference.







negotiation services





can we get a better deal?
                              we know that you want the best prices you can get, without  sacrificing the quality experience that your participants expect and demand. as  experienced negotiators, we are able to create a win-win situation for everyone  involved. we can deliver the best prices on convention center meeting space,  hotel lodging and catered food functions.
but what about…
                              knowing who to negotiate with is sometimes the biggest challenge.  whom do you talk to about such requests as:

25 special kosher meals (seven of them vegetarian!) for your noon  luncheon.
bus transportation for 850 to your evening-out activity at the  ball park.
moving and setting up your life-size replica of the space shuttle  in the display area.
registration and information booths.
coordinating decorations.
americans with disabilities act (ada) and other special needs.
from the ordinary to the unique, we can arrange the services you  need, when you need them, at prices to fit your budget.

some of the special services we  offer
we can help you locate and negotiate: 


meeting facilities
display and booth services
housing (including site inspections!)
air transportation (including contracts and special rates)
ground transportation
food services (including catered meal functions)
technology and a/v services
special  services and events 






special services





we are not like everyone else.
our varied and unique experiences in planning and managing  national conferences benefit you. whether you are facing special reporting  requirements for a government funded conference or need to offer ceus  (continuing education units) or other credits for a professional group, we have  the expertise and resources to deliver what you need.
 
some of the special services we offer:


proposal presentation: need help making that big pitch to your board or boss for your  conference plan? we can help research and design (and even provide the  technology!) to make a dynamic presentation.


budgeting and reporting: whether it is budget reports, demographics, progress reports or  any other information you plan to collect, we will help you design and format  forms and summaries.


mailing lists: whether you are updating previous conferees or building a contact  list for your next conference, our staff can assist with data entry and  database development for generating mail and email lists.


ada and diversity compliance: are you in compliance? our experienced staff can consult with  you on meeting these regulations, including multiple cultures and languages and  a variety of physical challenges.


certification: we can help you structure your conference so interested participants  receive ceus or other continuing education credits.







audiovisual services





how many senses are you using?
the technologies that fill our media-driven world are transforming  conferences and the people who attend them. to stay ahead of the technology  curve, we have our own audiovisual technology department. 
these highly trained  professionals are able to:

provide almost any kind of audiovisual equipment you can imagine;
integrate individual technologies into a smooth-running system;
interpret technological jargon into concepts and terms you can  actually understand;
set up and install the equipment so that it is convenient, secure,  out of your way and safe.



cyber cafe' — cappuccino and an email to go
the idea is simple: network a bunch of computers, give them  high-speed internet access and offer participants the ability to surf the web,  pick-up and send email and work with common office applications. today, few  conferences would be without at least one. we can plan, set up and keep your  meeting running smoothly. latté, anyone?


live, on tape and in cyberspace
participants today demand a lot more than folding chairs and hand  written notes. your conference may feature audio taping, videotaping, imag  (image magnification on large screen) and streaming video. from computer  classrooms to cd design and production, we make sure the technology is there  and that it works.


technologies we offer

sound: lapel and handheld  microphones, audio mixers and other sound reinforcement technologies.
lighting: state-of-the-art  lighting, spotlights and lighting control boards.
video/film: cameras, vcrs and tv/vcr monitors.
imag/projection: data projectors, screens, overhead projectors, slide projectors  and lighting.
recording: audio and video in a  variety of formats.
web casting: digital conversion and streaming technologies. 









let conferencepros make your next event a smashing success!! 
conferencepros
located in norman, oklahoma

contact conferencepros
                    for a comprehensive event analysis for a detailed 
                    explanation of projected timelines and expenditures.

laurie smith
conferencepros manager and 
                    projects director
                  (405) 325-0751 
richard feinberg
                    media  specialist manager
                    (405) 325-7087
 




contact us

conferencepros
located in norman, oklahoma

contact conferencepros
                  for a comprehensive event analysis for a detailed explanation of projected timelines and expenditures.

                    480 24th avenue nw, suite 250
norman, oklahoma 73069

laurie smith
conferencepros manager and 
                    projects director
                  (405) 325-0751 
richard feinberg
                    media  specialist manager
                    (405) 325-7087 










some of our clients over the years 

united states  coast guard eso symposium
                      norman, oklahoma 
oklahoma  highway safety office child passenger safety meeting
                      oklahoma city, oklahoma 
oklahoma highway  safety office project directors meeting
                      watonga, oklahoma
the national symposium on student  retention
                      albuquerque, new mexico
oklahoma governor's conference on  biofuels
                      norman, oklahoma
national  governors highway safety conference
                      oklahoma city, oklahoma
national  conference on race and ethnicity in american higher education (ncore) 





more clients...

national prevention network  conference
                      lexington, kentucky
oklahoma regional pandemic  summits
                      enid, mcalester, oklahoma city, tulsa and lawton, oklahoma
united  states department of education, 3rd annual national reading first conference
                      reno, nevada
annual national effective schools  conference
                      santa fe, new mexico
u.s.  department of education, reading first state directors' meeting
boston,  massachusetts 
international fish farming  institute
                      portland,  oregon
oklahoma's pandemic  influenza statewide summit
                      oklahoma city, oklahoma 











weather/time zone
 helpful sites for travelers:
international  weather:
weather for cities and  regions around the world with satellite images. 
u. s. weather:
current conditions and  forecasts for u. s. regions and cities.

u. s. national weather service
weather.com

time zone  converter:
time zones for countries,  major cities and regions around the world. 
time zone conversion from/to gmt.






currency/translation
 currency  converters:
sites with worldwide  currency conversion calculators

exchange rate
oanda
x-rates

translation  dictionaries: 
languages from travlang's  online translating dictionary. 

travlang
altavista

per diem rates:


travel guidelines and travel advisories for federal employees.
                        u. s. federal per diem  rates for the continental united states (conus)



travel guidelines and travel advisories for federal employees.
                        u. s. federal per diem rates for international destinations








travel advisories/other
travel advisories:
health advisories and  warnings; ship sanitation ratings;  how to get passports and visas.
u. s. state department travel advisories and  warnings
u. s. bureau of  consular affairs:
international travel warnings, passport and visa information, u. s.  embassy and consulate web sites and travel publications. u. s. state department website
other helpful travel information:
air traffic control command center

restaurant row
bank holidays of  the world
international  travel:
international travel
 










contact us
conferencepros
professional  conference and meeting planning services
                    480 24th avenue nw, suite 250
norman, oklahoma 73069
  
conferencepros
located in norman, oklahoma
laurie smith
conferencepros manager and 
                    projects director
                  (405) 325-0751 
richard feinberg
                    media  specialist manager
                    (405) 325-7087
 




sponsor

university of oklahoma outreach
                    college of continuing education
public and community services













copyright © 2013, the board of regents of the university of oklahoma. all rights reserved.  — the university of oklahoma is an equal opportunity employer











