






welcome to jungworld.com! (andy p. jung's web site)


















success
fail


























sep
jan
feb




09




2014
2016
2017








178 captures
13 apr 2000 - 04 jun 2017













 about this capture



collected by



		organization: internet archive


	  the internet archive discovers and captures web pages through many different web crawls.

at any given time several distinct crawls are running, some for months, and some every day or longer.

view the web archive through the wayback machine.
	



collection: survey crawl number 4 - started jan 9th, 2016 - ended feb 25th, 2016


the seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the wayback machine
this crawl was run at a level 1 (urls including their embeds, plus the urls of all outbound links including their embeds)
the warc files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public.



timestamps









if you can read this paragraph then you don't have a javascript capable browser or you don't have javascript enabled on your browser. you can see all stores by clicking on one of the links directly below.



please donate to help me keep this site up and running.









welcome to jungworld.com!
(andy p. jung's web site)





jungworld.com web pages:



myspace page | facebook page | twitter




andy's photo gallery (including our annual block party pictures)
the chee-weez pictures of the best new orleans area cover band the chee-weez.
vacations (cruises to cozumel, taiwan, spring break, and more!)
school portraits a list of all the schools i went to and teachers i had from pre-kindergarten through 12th grade with lots of photos!
deborah gibson
roadgeeking
planespotting




andy's video gallery
andy's night tracks video gallery
there are some obscure music videos that even vh1 classic doesn't even air.
night tracks theme music
rare, obscure and forgotten music videos
rock music videos
classic 1980s and early 1990s music videos
christmas and seasonal music videos
wmg (in the works)
night tracks on dailymotion




andy's night tracks web site

remember this music video show that aired on tbs from 1983-1992? if it had never existed, i don't know how i could have been a taylor dayne or a deborah gibson fan. i haven't been buying very many of today's music since night tracks was canceled in may 1992.




andy's quantum leap web site

andy's quantum leap store
are you looking for a copy of the quantum leap soundtrack, missing any paperback novels or just looking for any videos with scott bakula or dean stockwell? well, look no further. i have them here for sale!




andy's rant pages
andy's rant pages (being a pizza delivery driver!)
andy's rant pages (being a valet parking attendant!)




andy's casino chip clearance sale




louisiana casinos a listing of all riverboat casinos, harrah's new orleans land based casino, casinos on indian reservations and horse race tracks with slot machines in the state of louisiana with links to their websites if available.




why wwl-tv in new orleans should hire me! a list of spelling and other errors that i found from wwl-tv since 1998.




andy's favorite books




andy's top 10 all-time favorite tv shows honorable mentions included.




andy's favorite usenet newsgroups




andy's bookmarks/favorites links to other people's web sites i like including rush limbaugh and the chee-weez, a new orleans area cover band. the lead singer and i went to grace king high school together.




click here to send e-mail feedback.
search engines:
yahoo!
lycos | webcrawler | excite | alta vista
bookmark this web site!
tell your friends and family!
http://www.jungworld.com/
© copyright 1995-2009 andy p. jung. all rights reserved.
last modified on tuesday, july 14, 2009.
 hits since thursday, june 15, 2006

