




the evening journal association - publisher of the jersey journal























the evening journal association
					    publisher of the jersey journal |
					affiliated with nj.com




home
about us

contact us

how to contact us
find story, photo, or obituary
find a legal ad


subscribe

subscribe to the journal
digital replica edition


advertise











publisher of
									the jersey journal
									affiliated with nj.com








hudson county's leading source of news and information








the jersey journal is hudson county, n.j.'s only hometown daily newspaper. published by the
									evening journal association, the journal is available monday through saturday at stores and newsstands
									throughout hudson county, and also offers convenient home delivery. the journal is affiliated with new
									jersey's top local website, nj.com, where breaking stories from the
									journal's newsroom are posted around the clock seven days a week.











contact
find a story or photo, an obituary, or a legal ad, or search our directory of staff and departments.





subscribe
how to reach customer service about an existing subscription or start home delivery.





advertise
put the jersey journal, nj.com, and new jersey's best suite of digital solutions to work for you.


































 

twitter

facebook




copyright © 2022 the evening journal association. all rights reserved.
						   the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the
						   prior written permission of the evening journal association, 30 montgomery st., suite 430, jersey city, nj 07302. use of
						   and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our
						   
						   user agreement (updated 1/1/21)
						   and privacy
						   policy and cookie statement (updated 7/1/21).
						   
                           your california privacy rights




based on a design by html5 up








