









prestige pools | minneapolis & st. paul swimming pool builders




























































































skip to content




651.490.1399




 





gallery
custom pools

custom pools
luxury pools
salt water pools
process


equipment

equipment
uv filter systems


faqs
about

about us
promotions
service areas
financial options


contact
 













 



paradise
in your backyard













you deserve your own piece of paradise. turn to the minneapolis and st. paul swimming pool builders to bring your vision to life. trust prestige pools with the design, build and service of your exceptional pool.

										request quote									


















customize
imagine your dream pool. an oasis created and customized just for you. now take what you’ve imagined and contact our team of expert swimming pool contractors. we’ll create the outdoor space you’ve pictured, just how you envisioned.
prestige pools takes everything into account: the materials, the perfect lighting and the right features. detail and customer-oriented, the saint paul and minneapolis swimming pool builders will ensure that your landscaping will be exactly how you imagined. we care about every detail, big and small from beginning to end.

										view gallery									


























we researched pool companies for a full year and prestige pool hands down from
bid to teaching us to care for our investment was a 12 out of 10 experience

their thoroughness, honesty, integrity and character are what set them apart and when you make a pool investment you do not want your pool company to lack in any of these areas

big pat, middle pat, little pat, bob and the rest of their staff now feel like family and we never once felt like we were just another “install”

amazing experience ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
– colleen k.













experience
you deserve an outdoor space that’s crafted exactly the way you envisioned. ideal materials, perfect lighting, the right features, exactly-how-you-imagined-it landscaping and beyond. at prestige, our swimming pool contractors and builders care about the details that you care about — big and small, from beginning to end.

										learn more									














our gallery





 



 



 




view full gallery










interested in financing?

											we’re proud to partner with lyon financial, a leader in pool financing solutions. calculate your loan today.											

learn more




referral bonus

											refer a friend to prestige pools and receive $250 to our retail store when they purchase their pool.											

learn more















about
promotions
equipment
custom pools
process
blog
faqs
contact


quality service & construction since 1981



(651) 490-1399
87 w county road c, st. paul, mn 55117


© 2025prestige pools - all rights reserved | privacy policy | service areas 























