





predator paintball – san antonio's #1 paintball park





















 







skip to the content




predator paintballsan antonio's #1 paintball park




 
menu






party prices

weekend paintball party info & prices
weekday paintball party & corporate events prices


non-party prices
contact & hours
faq
paintball store










close menu
 


party pricesshow sub menu

weekend paintball party info & prices
weekday paintball party & corporate events prices


non-party prices
contact & hours
faq
paintball store






yelp
facebook
instagram
email










welcome to predator paintball









the premier destination for paintball in texas. open from 10 am to 5 pm saturday & sunday year round.




with over 20 acres and 10+ paintball field variations, predator paintball has been the #1 place for paintball for over 20 years for players from san antonio, austin, houston, san marcos, corpus christi, and the surrounding areas. 
a family owned and operated business, predator paintball park has been part of the paintball scene for over 20 years. we work tirelessly to ensure our facilities and customer experiences are constantly improving. 


“my family had such an amazing time!!! staff was so awesome and attentive!!! most definitely worth having a birthday party here. everyone adults and kids will have fun!!!”





party info & prices
predator paintball offers the best paintball experience in san antonio and south texas. click the link below to read more about our parties! 

read more & reserve now





non-party prices
we offer general play, no party necessary! have your own gear or need to rent? we’ve got everything you could possibly need, and more.

get pricing





fill out a waiver!
save paper and time when you arrive at predator paintball by filling out your waiver online ahead of time!

fill out waiver online




special events
war of nations 4: uprisingsunday, may 1st, 2022 after losing america to the russians and the north koreans , what is left of the u.s. citizens have pushed up… read more: war of nations 4: uprising
dead or alive 5when: sunday, october 31st, 2021 at 10 am – 5 pm
welcome to the 5th annual dead or alive zombie paintball scenario game
joel’s birthday bash 2021when: sunday, january 24, 2021 at 10:00 am – 5:00 pm 

it is that time of year again for us to come together and celebrate…












yelp
facebook
instagram
email






about predator paintball predator paintball has been proudly serving the san antonio & south texas community for over 20 years, offering the best paintball experience available. we also specialize is paintball parties for any occasion from birthdays to corporate events.
predator paintball will soon have an onsite paintball store where you can purchase equipment like apparel, paintball guns, and paintballs. you can even get equipment repaired. stay tuned for updates!

 

find us hours & contact
monday – friday: by reservation only
saturday & sunday: 10am – 5pm
phone: (210) 695-4030
address
20590 bandera rd
helotes, tx 78023

 







©
							2025							predator paintball



								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 







