

















city of hesperia - official website | official website









 















skip to main content





















    your government      our community      how do i...  


 

 

 






 



  
 










   





 
 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
hear this page
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents
help






 











facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 












search







 
 
 



 




























  
 
 







 














agendas & meetingsview updates








employmentview openings








municipal codeview documents








online paymentsmake a payment








alerts & notificationssign up








electionsview updates










 
 
 



 







stay connected







	hesperia news
 






  
 















city of hesperia receives donation from mission crest elementary students 


the city of hesperia is proud to recognize the generosity and hard work of mission crest elementary school students						read on...







community emergency response team (cert) basic training 


join the cert basic class from february 28 to march 2 at the hesperia police station to gain lifesaving skills in disaster preparedness.						read on...







city of hesperia announces first sam’s club coming to the mojave river valley 


today, the city of hesperia announced that sam’s club has acquired a 6.5-acre property west of the i-15 on amargosa road and key pointe avenue.						read on...







closure to ranchero road beginning oct. 14 


ranchero road will be closed between seventh avenue and cottonwood avenue as crews demolish the bridge over the california aqueduct, cutting off all travel across the aqueduct.						read on...







city of hesperia approves $3.2 million to repair 23 miles of streets 


the city of hesperia announced it awarded vss international, inc. a $3.2 million pavement rehabilitation contract to repair approximately 23 miles of streets throughout the city.						read on...







city of hesperia welcomes maersk at hesperia commerce center 


significant industrial growth stimulates economic development and employment opportunities						read on...







residential truck parking permit program 


commercial vehicle owners and operators – effective september 22nd, 2021, properties of less than one full acre of land are no longer permitted into the parking permit program. all other properties are limited to two commercial vehicles per property.						read on...







rental housing business license and inspection program 


the city has implemented the rental housing business license and inspection program to ensure basic habitability at rental properties, hold property owners accountable for their properties, and remove blight & /or unsafe conditions from our neighborhoods.						read on...







view property information in public viewer 


the city's public viewer provides residents and community members with an exceptional amount of data right at their fingertips. access bus and bike routes, zoning information, location specific material, data on buy-back districts and so much more!						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 























get engaged







	hesperia events
 






  
 
 








calendar of events










wed, feb 19  

fair housing informational session



fri, feb 28 		 - sun, mar 2
 

cert basic training



sat, apr 26  

cleanup day






view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 





 facebook feed
 twitter feed




 facebook feed







city of hesperia




 twitter feed





 tweets by @cityofhesperia








 
 
 









 







contact us







	the city of hesperia, ca
9700 seventh avenue
hesperia, ca 92345

phone: 760-947-1000
 






  
 







faqs








where is city hall located? 


what are city hall hours of operation? 


what is the phone number for city hall?


when do council meetings occur?








/faq.aspx




 
 



  
 







quick links







site map



accessibility



copyright / privacy



legal notice









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 














home
•
contact us
•
accessibility
•
privacy
•
copyright notices
•
government websites by civicplus®
 






  
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









