










los isleños heritage and cultural society of st. bernard

























loading...











 





en
es





events
visit
about
history
legacies
membership
contact
book an event







    



en
es





events
visit
about
history

legacies

cuisine
folk healing
folkore
genealogy
language
music and dance


membership
contact


 









 book an event















los isleños heritage and cultural society of st. bernard was organized in 1976 to preserve, interpret, and promote the language, heritage, and cultural traditions of canary islanders who settled in louisiana between 1778 and 1783. 
              





  






  

opening hours
wednesday through sunday from 11:00 a.m. ‒ 4:00 p.m. by appointment. see more... 



  

host an event
rent our space for your wedding, party, or other gathering. book now... 



  

where you visit
1357 bayou rd, st bernard, la 70085.
                        please park in the gravel parking lot next to el museo de los isleños (los isleños museum).
                      












los isleños museum and historic village, known formally as los isleños museum complex, is composed of nine structures and includes a houma native american interprative area, marker to the filipino presence in louisiana, and nature trail. see more...














who are the isleños?
an isleño (pronounced ees-layn-yoh) is a descendant of canary islanders who arrived in the territory of louisiana during the late 18th century. through their interaction with the natural environment and neighboring communities in the region, the isleños of louisiana have developed a unique identity and culture. a number of elderly isleños speak spanish as a first language and practice the customs of our ancestors.
the word isleño is spanish for ‘islander’ as in ‘canary islander’.




 














no pierdas la oportunidad
upcoming events






 

los islenos fiesta 2025
march 15th & 16th, 2025








 

los isleños christmas and bonfire
december 6th, 2025








 

santa on the bayou
december 13th, 2025








 

los islenos fiesta 2026
march 7th & 8th, 2026








 view all upcoming events 








recent news














los islenos society 2025 scholarship information
february 14, 2025
los isleños heritage and cultural society of st. bernard offers two (2) $1,000 collegiate scholarships to the descendants of isleños who founded st. bernard parish.  the award of these scholarships is based upon the composition of essays entitled 'what my isleño heritage means to me'. the collegiate scholarship is intended for high school students entering a course of study at a college or university.  this award shall be used to cover any expenses related to entering said course of study.
                            for more information please click here  




















isleños dancing: a lively celebration of heritage and tradition
february 13, 2025
isleños dancing is a vibrant expression of the community’s rich canary island heritage, blending traditional spanish influences with the rhythms of louisiana. passed down through generations, these folk dances are performed at festivals, gatherings, and special events, keeping the isleños' cultural identity alive. with lively steps, colorful attire, and spirited music, isleños dancing is more than entertainment—it’s a celebration of resilience, history, and the enduring spirit of the people.
                            
                            be sure to join us for los islenos fiesta 2025 on march 15th and 16th to learn more about islenos culture and to witness the dancing in person!





















rare snowfall transforms st. bernard parish into a winter wonderland


january 25, 2025
the recent snowstorm in st. bernard parish brought a rare and breathtaking transformation to the louisiana bayou, blanketing the area in a pristine layer of white. for a region known more for its subtropical climate, the snowfall created a striking contrast against the moss-draped cypress trees and winding waterways, offering residents a unique opportunity to witness their home in an entirely new light. the storm briefly halted daily routines but also inspired a sense of wonder and community as locals captured the fleeting beauty through photos and videos. this rare weather event will surely be remembered as a special moment in st. bernard's history, showcasing the bayou's resilience and ability to adapt, even under a layer of snow.
                            
                            
                            









 view all news briefs 








a brief history of the isleños






the journey
between 1778 and 1783, about 2,000 canary islanders arrived in louisiana and were settled in four locations strategically placed to protect the city of new orleans. the settlements were known as galveztown, valenzuela, barataria, and san bernardo. those at san bernardo lived on land grants along bayou terre-aux-boeufs.






feeding a city
in san bernardo, the isleños quickly established their significance in the new world through their produce and poultry which dominated the markets of new orleans. ranchers from as far as texas came to have their cattle trained by skilled isleños. later, many isleños began to hunt, trap, and fish in the louisiana wetlands.






today
only in st. bernard parish has the language and culture of those original canary islanders survived, in a significant measure, into the 21st century. perhaps several hundred thousand people are descendants today. the isleño community represents the last living vestige of spanish colonial louisiana and the extent of the canarian identity.














website dedication




 




frank fernández, jr. (1918 – 2001) remained unsurpassed as a benevolent family patriarch, educator, public servant, and community leader. his unfailing courage in confronting life’s battles was an inspiration to all who knew him. frank fernández founded the movement to preserve the heritage and cultural identity of the isleños as well as establish los isleños museum and historic village and los isleños heritage and cultural society of st. bernard.
adele (molero) fernández (1926 – 2016) was the ever-faithful wife and companion of frank fernández. she was proud of her heritage and consistently displayed the courage and “resilience” to successfully contend with hurricanes, floods, and rebuilding her home. she was a loyal and resourceful friend who cared for her family. mrs. fernández was an excellent cook, gracious hostess, and keen observer of humanity.














about

                        los isleños heritage and cultural society of st. bernard was organized in 1976 to preserve, interpret, and promote the language, heritage, and cultural traditions of the canary islanders who settled in louisiana between 1778 and 1783.




connect

/losislenos





visit us


1357 bayou rd, st bernard, la 70085, usa
(504) 277-4681
losislenos2011@gmail.com
islenosrental@gmail.com



privacy policy












my website






















