

mapso

























 







home l
about usl
partners l
services l
team & career l
csr l
contact us 












boat portfolioby series



























































 






 
















propulsion 

components

references 



list of projects
testimonials
case studies










news & media 



mapso in the press


boat shows


news
















































 mapso > 

 home > 






 











mapso marine technology



egypt   is home to the suez canal, and mapso is considered as a major supplier   to the suez canal authority. mapso provides components, systems and   services   to shipyards and end users.

































we also provide turn-key vessels, in particular our smallest model the nano.


we have developed vessel ranges in cooperation with the best design and naval architecture firms. see our portfolio .

we can supply these proven vessels in the form of a ckd (completely knocked down kit), to partner yards worldwide become a partner yard.













testimonials
   'mapso have produced 24 camarc pilot boats since 2008,  with many of these vessels to full class.
i am pleased to say that all boats have been successful and having seen them first hand, to a high standard. '
  
alastair cameron. director, camarc design ltd., uk

   'the largest population of voith-schneider propellers worldwide have been sold  and installed by mapso, for tug, ferry and floating crane applications.a tribute to their sustained drive and professionalism.'
  
dr. christian strahberger.
managing director, voith turbo schneider propulsion gmbh & co. kg

   'mapso can reliably deliver boats as diverse as infused carbon fibre  ribs, foil assisted aluminium wavepiercers or steel tugs.
(...)testimony to key mapso principles of integrity, honesty and professionalism. '

andre moltschanywskyj and craig loomes. directors, lomocean design ltd., new zealand

for full letter and more details click here >>


















mapso is exhibiting in 




 5-7 october 2015
abu dhabi national exhibition center,
united arab emirates
stand q10






 




          mapso was appointed skf marine distributor
        








mapso is iso certified




        iso  9001:2008
        iso 14001:2004
        ohsas  18001:2007
      











 








 
 








 home l team & career l site map  l contact us


 
 


copyright @ 2015 mapso marine propulsion and supply












