  home - salisbury chamber of commerce       
 skip to content   menu aboutabout usboard of directorscontact usvisitorsplaces to stayshoppingattractions & things to dorestaurants, food & beveragesservicesgetting here & arounddemographic informationtown informationkiosk advertisingdirectorymembershipbenefitsmember loginmembership application salisbury massachusettseventsresourcestown updateslegislative update – senator bruce tarrlegislative update – representative dawne shandsalisbury chamber blog   menu aboutabout usboard of directorscontact usvisitorsplaces to stayshoppingattractions & things to dorestaurants, food & beveragesservicesgetting here & arounddemographic informationtown informationkiosk advertisingdirectorymembershipbenefitsmember loginmembership application salisbury massachusettseventsresourcestown updateslegislative update – senator bruce tarrlegislative update – representative dawne shandsalisbury chamber blog welcome to the salisbury chamber of commerce    directory card  directory    join pencil  join    calendar  events    login lock  loginsalisbury, established in 1638, is one of the oldest towns in massachusetts. with many historical homes and sites, the town was instrumental in the early overland trade routes to the north. salisbury is an ideal getaway and has been a vacation destination for decades.  it boasts a scenic five mile long sandy ocean beach that features seaside restaurants, coffee shops, swimming and lifeguards.  it is an easy commute to boston (40 minutes), new hampshire (10 minutes) and maine (30 minutes).  come visit us! plan your staythe town offers restaurants, small shops, motel or ocean front cottage rentals, weekly fireworks, concerts and many other summer activities. salisbury is also bordered by the merrimack river that flows into the atlantic ocean where one can take fishing and whale watching cruises or just take a jog, casual stroll or bike ride among the unspoiled marshes on the paved coastal trails network. lodging options include five campgrounds that collectively have over 1,000 campsites and feature wooded or sites that are directly on the beach.   shopping    dining    lodging    attractions    recreation    real estate   view directory  featured in northshore magazine   salisbury beach today has everything that you love about historic salisbury beach, and more!  read article  mark your calendarchamber eventsfind out what is happening with the chamber and register for our next upcoming event! view calendarcommunity eventsfind out what is happening in our community and how you can support the salisbury chamber. view calendar upcoming events  view event calendar  © 2025 salisbury chamber of commerce  |  site by growthzone get in touch!    phone   (978) 465-3581    address po box 5076  salisbury, ma 01952    email   info@salisburychamber.com  additional resourcesmember loginmember directoryjoin today stay connected!    facebook icon      instagram icon      weather icon   © 2025 salisbury chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top 


