




 

















about us

learn about the ivpf
board of directors


join the ivpf



vasa previa

vasa previa defined
fact sheet
glossary
ivpf recommendations
frequently asked questions

brochure

vasa previa references




share with us

our stories
personal stories

research questionnaire
become a member
email and social media




press room

quotes from the experts
amoss study
in the news




brochure



fundraising


donations
ivpf sponsors



contact us

contact ivpf
become a member








international vasa previa foundation
it only takes a moment to diagnose life...





ivpf mission
the international vasa previa foundation aims to eliminate infant death from vasa previa by raising awareness and providing evidence-based 
                information to the general public and health care professionals about the detection and management of this potentially fatal obstetric condition.
our goal is to eliminate infant death from vasa previa.




vasa previa study - now in progress...
covasp delphi survey is open until april 28, 2021.  by filling out the survey you can 
			contribute to this important project and make sure the voices of families and those with experience of vasa previa are heard.
more information




what does type i vasa previa look like?
type i vasa previa occurs when one or more of the baby's placental or umbilical blood vessels cross the entrance to the birth canal beneath the baby.

when the cervix dilates or the membranes rupture, the unprotected vessels can tear, causing rapid fetal hemorrhage.
when the baby drops into the pelvis, the vessels can be compressed, compromising the baby's blood oxygen supply and causing oxygen deprivation.






i am a vp survivor!
caitlyn makayla scharf was born on march 1st, 2010.






are you expecting?
please read important recommendations from the ivpf.



have you experienced vasa previa?
help important research by filling out this questionnaire!



news
covasp vasa previa study (2021)



request membership
join the ivpf to help spread awareness across the globe.






home  |  
            about us  |  
            vasa previa  |  
            questionnaire  |  
            fundraising  |  
            contact us  |  
            privacy policy  |  
            disclaimer

            © 2025 international vasa previa foundation, inc.








