






 



pa grand canyon resort | wellsboro, pa






























campground
motel
policies
campground reservations










make your reservations today!
call: 570.724.4774








welcome to the pa grand canyon resort!
located just one mile from the majestic pennsylvania grand canyon and leonard harrison state park, we offer all the amenities and accommodations to make your visit a fun and comfortable one.
whether you are looking for primitive or full-service rv and tent camping, modern motel rooms, or a stay in our jacuzzi suite – the pa grand canyon resort has what you need.

when you are planning your next visit to the tioga county area, give us a call. you are also welcome to call my personal cellular phone @ 570.439.5267 so i can do what it takes to make your stay the best it can be.
john albrecht, proprietor
























 
                pa grand canyon resort
                



 
                offering modern accommodations
                



 
                just one mile fromleonard harrison state park
                



 
                only minutes from the famouspennsylvania grand canyon
                



 
                enjoy family tentand rv camping
                



 
                and all the fun thearea has to offer
                



 
                join us for holidaysand special events
                




















jquery slider example





	also visit the garden cottage motel in wellsboro, pa
	


www.wellsborogardencottages.com
	











motel
at the pa grand canyon resort you will enjoy clean comfortable rooms and clean country air.  this is a small family run business offering country prices.

our rooms feature king beds, 1 or 2 queen beds and some with kitchenettes.  all rooms have coinless pay phones, satellite tv/vcr, refrigerator, microwave, a coffeepot, and air conditioning.







campground
our pet and horse friendly campground features:

primitive and rv camping, wooded tent sites, water and sewer hookups, shower facilites, and 35 and 50 amp hookup.

sites include picnic tables and fire rings for your convenience.  we have fire wood and ice available for purchase. 







restaurant
our restaurant features a variety of foods to fit any taste including a large variety of burgers.

we also feature a selection of salads such as teriyaki chicken, lemon chicken and cheese steak.







tavern
the tavern/restuarant complex serves a large selection of beverages and also features:

pool tables

shuffleboard

video games

ami internet jukebox








we offer free wifi, are pet friendly, and our front desk is available 24/7





check our facebook page forour latest specials and events




gift shop

   visit our gift shop for the perfect souvenier to remember your visit
   












campground
motel
policies
campground reservations



© pa grand canyon resort™ 2025    
all rights reserved

863 sullivan road   wellsboro, pa 16901

make your reservations today!

call: 570.724.4774















