




 


temple riders association home










log in








log in with facebook


log in with google

























remember me


forgot password








 











home




about us



overview




chapters/riding groups







faq




join us














 


















welcome to thetemple riders association

where great people, good values, and amazing rides meet

the temple riders association (tra) exists today because in 1987 two couples, who were members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ("the mormons"), were motivated to escape the typical motorcycle environment offered by local motorcycle groups. they decided to plan their own "temple ride" which would include attendance at two temples of the church connected by miles of breathtaking mountain scenery. it was such a rewarding experience, they decided to look for other like-minded individuals, and in the spring of 1988, six couples met together and organized the temple riders association.
 
500+members


37years riding together


all
faiths welcome


17
states with tra members
 
what is a temple rider?     
we are christian motorcyclists who love to ride! whether a day ride or an adventure road trip lasting 3 days or 3 weeks, we love to ride with others of similar values. we've been doing this for over 30 years and have hundreds of members nationwide!
we are a riding group consisting of many different chapters that get together on a regular basis for recreational motorcycle rides, social activities, breakfasts, dinners, firesides, charitable functions, and other fun and wholesome things on at least a monthly basis.
many of us are members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints and as such are known to ride motorcycles to worship services in temples of the church. hence our name: the temple riders association.
we welcome all riders, regardless of personal faith or religious belief. all that we require is for members to own a motorcycle, ride safely, and refrain from the use of alcohol, tobacco, profanity, and off-colored stories while participating with the tra.



 
"the concept of temple rides grew out of our desire to add a spiritual dimension to the joy and freedom associated with motorcycle riding. we felt that we could be faithful to church standards and still ride a motorcycle."
frank reesetra founder


find a chapter near you


join us

 
temples, riders, and bikes




































home




about us




faq




join us














 















© 2021 temple riders association. all rights reserved.

contact us | privacy policy | terms and conditions










 










powered by wild apricot membership software












