









lake leelanau rv park | family camping on lake leelanau




















































 








 toggle navigation



home
about the park 

about us
history
photo gallery
faqs
guest testimonials


location 

map & directions
local attractions


amenities 

boat rentals
restrooms & showers
playground
lodge
laundry facilities
park activities
pipe organ concerts


park sites 

park site map
rental rates
seasonal sites
two bedroom cottage


reservations
contact us
news
 










lake leelanau rv park
schedule your next vacation with us!

book now!















why choose us 


 




family owned since 1976
we have a long reputation, over 45 years, of being the cleanest, friendliest, most modern and best park in the area.







gorgeous leelanau county
our park is an upscale camping resort set on the shores of lake leelanau, a 21 mile long lake and one of michigan's largest inland lakes. we are located in michigan's beautiful and sought after leelanau peninsula.




 


premier camping resort

we offer 196 sites, each with a completely full hook up, with 20, 30, and 50 amp electricity, water, sewer, cable tv, and wireless internet. we are rated 5w for facility and recreation by woodall's, the highest possible rating and a top rated park by trailer life/good sam.


 






park amenitiescome checkout the many amenities our park offers! 

lakeside campingenjoy lakeside camping spots with a beautiful view of the lake as well as close proximity to the beach.family funcheck out the fun amenities we offer including a sandy beach, playground, and a variety of park activities.modern clubhousecome see our modern lodge that includes a large kitchen, bathrooms, big screen with surround sound, and huge wood burning fireplace.amazing beachour beach offers a sandy beach along with a large, shallow, and safe swimming area. 






								checkout the nearby attractions							


view attractions 







what our guests saydon't just take it from us. see what others are saying about their experience! 


 


nancy sink & ted prill
"i have been camping in your park for 28 years. i enjoy myself more and more every year. this year my family hosted a family reunion with 6 brothers and sisters, our children, grandchildren, and mother. we had a delightful time with many lasting memories. thanks for making this possible."






greg, lisa, travis & sam voet
"you guys are all great. it makes the stay much more fun when the hosts are involved with their guests! we appreciated how clean and beautiful the park is. we love the paved roads and pads on sites. new baths are nice also. changed so much since 1989! activities we enjoyed most were sunbathing, swimming, tubing, sand bar, fires with family, fishing, relaxing, bikes, and eating. our kids will never forget these great vacations here! thank you!"






the visser family
"you all mean so much to our family. thank you for being such a big part of our family's traditions and memories, they are rooted in our summers up here. our favorite activities are crayfishing, tubing, skiing, beach days, good harbor beach, fourth of july, bike riding, motorcycle riding, and the wine trail."



 






park newscheckout the latest news and see what is happening. 


 



 


events 


								pipe organ summer concert schedule							

we are excited to announce that we have  pipe organ concerts scheduled  during the summer have you seen our pipe organ before? visitors are welcome anytime to stop by and see the organ. we would be happy read more…







 


press 


								lake leelanau rv park named business of the year							

we are thrilled to announce we were named the “outstanding business member of the year” by the leelanau peninsula chamber of commerce at its annual member dinner. the award is given each year to companies read more…







 


events 


								4th annual camp ‘n run							

the 4th annual camp ‘n run began with warm weather and smiles. it certainly was a great day for a run! well done, runners!



 






get in touch
call us or stop by lodge to get in contact touch with us!



find us at the office
3101 s lake shore dr, lake leelanau, mi 49653  




give us a call
231-256-7236



our hoursoff season: 9am - 5pmin season: 9am - 7pm
 



contact us


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *subjectmessage *send message  










contact us
 lake leelanau rv park3101 s. lake shore dr.lake leelanau, mi 49653  231-256-7236 info@lakeleelanaurvpark.com  about us the lake leelanau rv park is a family-owned and operated campground located on the shores of lake leelanau, in the heart of michigan's beautiful leelanau peninsula.


about us
the lake leelanau rv park is a family-owned and operated campground located on the shores of lake leelanau, in the heart of michigan's beautiful leelanau peninsula.


contact us  lake leelanau rv park3101 s. lake shore dr.lake leelanau, mi 49653  231-256-7236 info@lakeleelanaurvpark.com  
 


about the park
amenities
contact us
guest testimonials
lake leelanau rv park home
location
park news
park sites
reservations

hestia | developed by themeisle 






















