

pocket-change.com - free money,cash,dollars,prizes,points,awards,rewards,etc...


















$$
pocket-change.com
"put some in your
                pocket"
$$

















featured link:
free
                ipod
home  
                free stuff  
                free money  
                about us-faq's  
                search pocket-change.com
                link to us   feedback  
                new to pocket-change?  
                website log  
                friends and neighbors









free cash, money, 
dollars, prizes, points, etc...
free cash, money, dollars, prizes, points, rewards and more. 
that's right we have combed the internet looking for companies that will pay you 
to surf the web, fill out surveys, mystery shop and any other way you can 
imagine to earn some easy money. "pocket-change.com" 
is dedicated to showing you ways to get free and easy money, cash, prizes and 
other great rewards. please enjoy your stay and let all your friends know about 
us. if you know of a link that should be here, feel free to submit it using my
feedback form. or you can email me at 
pocchange@pocket-change.com 
but i will not sign up for a program under you unless you use the
feedback form.




get paid for your 
		opinion- here you will find 
		links to places that will pay you to complete surveys,
		participate in online focus 
		groups.  some pay cash, some have other incentives.  how is it 
		you can be paid for your opinions? click here to 
		find out.

get paid to surf the 
		web- here you will find places 
		that will pay you to surf the web.   some pay cash, while 
		others use a points or rewards system.  they are all free to join. 
		what is getting paid to surf? click here to find 
		out.



become a mystery shopper-
		here you will find  places 
		that will pay you to become a mystery shopper.  do not pay for a 
		list of mystery shopping places because there are plenty on this page 
		for free.  what is mystery shopping?  
		click here to find out.

get paid to receive email- 
listed on this page are several companies 
		that will pay you to read email they send you, or for email you send. 
		what is getting paid for reading email?  
		click here to find out.



free stocks- this page has links 
		to many companies that offer free stocks.  some of the companies 
		also offer more free stocks for referring your friends. how can 
		companies give out free stock?    
		click here to find out more.

$$ for webmasters-
		have a website?   make 
		some money with your website, listed are some great sponsors.  if 
		you're looking to make some extra money from your website than this is a 
		great resource.



		sweepstakes, contests & prizes- do i really need to explain 
		what's going to be on this page? okay, i knew i had smart visitors.

		miscellaneous money makers- this page has links to sites that 
		are also money makers or savers but do not fit into a category of their 
		own.



		unclaimed property- are you one the 
		millions of people who have forgotten about money they have? well find 
		out here. you'll find the website and/or mailing address of each states 
		unclaimed property division.
money 
		savers- tons of place to save money. from debt 
		consolidation to very cheap college text books. lots of ways to save 
		money.


not finding what you want? pocket-change.com now has it's own 
search feature.
click here to conduct a search.


free software- 
		why buy it when it's free? this page has some really big software 
		titles. how about print shop and rand mcnally. big enough? go check it 
		out. there's sure to be a software title you're interested in.
beta 
		testing- 
get to play with pre-released versions of 
		software. companies need people to test their new software and report on 
		their findings. sometimes in exchange you get a full version of the 
		software when it is released.



coupons-
		like money? well than keep more of 
		it by using coupons. print coupons with your printer, get instant online 
		coupons. there's also other great money saving links here.

clothing freebies- 
		free t-shirts, hats and more await you here. there's no better way to 
		accent your wardrobe than with free clothes.


misc. freebies-
		these are freebies that don't fit 
		into a category by themselves. some of our best freebies are listed 
		here.

webmaster freebies- 
		get all your webmaster needs for free. be sure and also see our
		$$ for webmasters page.



free products-
		who doesn't like getting free 
		samples? well, you'll find them and more on this page.

free webspace-
		need some space? get it here.
		


free games-
		nothing like playing your favorite 
		game for free.  some even reward you for playing games at their 
		site.

free graphics-
		need some jazzy clip art for your 
		website or brochure?   there are plenty of free images to be 
		found.



free newsletters-
		you'll also find free magazines 
		and free catalogs listed on this page.
free internet access- 
		most of these are ad supported, but hey they make great back up isp's.


link to us-
		like our site? then link to us. 
		here are some ways to link to pocket-change.com.
about 
		pocket-change.com- about us and frequently 
		asked questions page.


 
 



