



clean technology for renewable energy




















brienergy
clean technology for renewable energy




home







switcher















sustainable energy resources







an estimated 1.5 billion tons of municipal solid waste, green waste, sewage sludge, plastics, auto fluff, agricultural, forestry and other waste products, including some 300 million used tires, are generated in the united states each year.  320 million tons are readily available for use in the production of liquid and electric energy.
and when organic waste materials are utilized as fuel, the technology supports the natural environmental cycle of co2 generation and recovery.
the technology is a generation beyond cellulosic ethanol—which is generally defined as the production of ethanol from purpose-grown plant materials—a process many authorities believe is still five-to-seven years away.
in addition, america has some 267 billion tons of recoverable coal reserves, more than a 300-year supply.  currently, the combustion of coal to create electricity represents the nation’s greatest source of industrial pollution.  millions of dollars are being spent to develop combined cycle coal gasification projects, but these technologies must still combust the resulting syngas to generate electricity.  the bri process uses waste heat, rather than combustion, to create the high temperature steam that drives electrical turbines.
it is the only technology that can blend any of the resources listed above as feedstocks—and the only technology that can simultaneously co-produce renewable liquid energy, green power and other products from organic wastes.
it could provide the nation’s farmers and dairy industries with productive alternatives to the open-field burning of agricultural residues and the disposal of animal wastes.
it could extend by up to 80% the useful lives of existing landfills, while at the same time, lowering the cost of waste transport and disposal for municipalities, and it can convert landfill gas (i.e., methane, a precursor of greenhouse gases 21 times more powerful than co2) into ethanol.  ultimately, it will enable the world to reclaim approximately 80% of the materials in existing landfills (the organic fraction) for use in the production of energy. 
it holds promise to eliminate the need for public agencies to spread sewage sludge on agricultural lands, usually in some other county or state than their own. 
clearly, america has enough domestic resources to produce all of its liquid energy needs from non-petroleum sources.
discover laser engraving metal : sharp results and high precision.







navigation

worldwide energy demand
sustainable energy resources
renewable energy debate
ethanol – a logical alternative
bri process benefits
municipal solid waste
biosolids
coal
publications
links
glossary

websites

 helppo pelattavuus ja suuret voitot ovat tehneet aviator-kolikkopelistä suositun nettikasinoilla. .  высшее образование .  look for mardaleishvili medical center 

 




top

that's funny  // copyright © 2008-2019		brienergy	










