







volk corporation























































0








        skip to content
      


























shop quick-tube



        about + contact
      
















open menu
close menu



























shop quick-tube



        about + contact
      
















open menu
close menu






















shop quick-tube




                  about + contact
                




































trusted for industrial identification, signage, and supplies since 1890.  



for over 100 years, volk has been providing materials to plants and warehouses that help keep operations flowing.  volk couples in-house manufacturing and stocking with access to leading brands in warehouse and facility management to bring you the materials you need to keep your facility moving. 














about volk



where you’ll find us:















facility production supply



to support…



manufacturing plantsdistribution centers



logistic hubsindustrial environments















facility projects



to help…



plant retoolingwork cellssafety initiatives



lean & quality programsbranding internallyfacility development














products we provide
















high volume consumables




labelstagstapes



ribbonsinkspencil caps & dies
















operational aides/tools




tube & jointrack pouchesbinder rings



document holderswhite board solutionsprojector tools
















project support




inventory tagsmagnet solutionsracking



signagemarkingsgraphics














new product: introducing quicktube



quicktube is a versatile tube and joint system designed to optimize industrial organization and efficiency.  whether you need custom racks, workstations, or manufacturing fixtures, quicktube offers a simple, flexible solution tailored to your unique needs.  built with durability and adaptability in mind, it empowers businesses to unlock operation efficiency with ease.  discover how quicktube can streamline your workflow and enhance your industrial space today.






































volk brings together in-house customization capabilities with leading brands and stocking programs to offer indirect materials the way your facility wants to consume them. 














roles that work with us






































some of our amazing customers














we work with clients through:






































companies that help us, help you














how can we help?















at volk corporation, we provide custom solutions tailored to your business needs, from identification products and rack labeling systems to safety signage. we also offer a wide range of labels and quick-turnover consumables to support your ongoing operations. our team works closely with you to ensure every product enhances efficiency, safety, and organization, helping you stay compliant and ahead of the competition.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              message
              
                *








thank you for your message! our volk team will contact your shortly.  if you have any questions in the interim — please contact us at the information below.thank you,volk team(248) 477-6700customerservice@volkcorp.com





















































contact(248) 477-6700customerservice@volkcorp.com



copyright © 2025 volk corporation.











