




your cookie preferences
play.net wants to deliver the best experience to you. this website uses cookies. by clicking 'i agree' you agree to the terms of service and settings below. we process your personal data in accordance with the privacy policy.
cookies are small text files with information stored on your device, i.e. your computer, mobile phone, tablet, etc., when you visit a website. a cookie will typically contain the name of the site that the cookie came from, how long the cookie will be stored and a number (usually a randomly generated unique number). cookies are used to make websites work more effectively but also to provide certain information to the owner of a website. cookies make it possible to distinguish different users from each other, which can give each user a more personalized and positive experience of the website.


your privacy and cookie settingsedit




necessary cookies - required
necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. the website cannot function properly without these cookies.

statistical cookies - required
statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.

preference cookies - optional
preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.

marketing cookies - optional
marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. the intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.







i agree, continue










gemstone iv official game site




























sign up for free! | member login · login help 











 home

 my account

 games

 store

 wiki

 help

















balance: (login to see)
















 news


 forums

 platinum


 premium


 shattered


 box office


 downloads


 policies










account faq








account security








character restorals








guidelines & tips












event guidelines








feedback tips








game & web staff








name guidelines









letter to parents








privacy policy








rules of conduct








terms of service




















for 02/17/2025
duskruin
evrick visits bloodriven village
[prime] merchant magic item recharging








 









first name

last name




                email address 




                username





                password(at least 7 characters)




promotional emails



no
yes







 
 
i agree to the 
							  
terms and conditions. 
							 

    		
 








 

























latest news


duskruin opens tonight - 2/7/2025 - webstaff on 02/07/2025
duskruin: 10 year anniversary
a decade of mayhem
get ready for the biggest duskruin yet as we celebrate ten years of blood, treasure, and thrilling combat in the arena!
the high end scrip shop is unlocking new possibilities! service limits and surcharges are gone, making your dream upgrades more accessible than ever. and additional automated services means even faster turnaround times.
but that’s not all! new combat flourishes like steelskin flares will change the way you fight, while other exciting additions to the flourish system let you improve your gear. plus, returning favorites and special celebratory raffles will give you even more chances to score!
the anniversary celebration wouldn't be complete without the return of mania, bringing its signature fast-paced frenzy of fun to bloodriven village!
a plume of steam jets forth as the clockwork golem comes to life...
battle vaults return with a new special item! redeemable once per character per run, battle vaults come with two 25-count booklets, 30 advanced spellup pills, a golden scroll for 150% exp mod and greater felcour gauntlets that are attuned to your character! you won’t want to miss it!
join our discord to stay on top of all the latest announcements!more news to come shortly after this teaser on discord! and as always, keep an eye on our wiki!
beginning friday, february 7th at 9:00 pm et, duskruin returns



hess announced - webstaff on 02/08/2025

the service limits on hess services per item (and the related surcharges) have been removed!

introducing the annex, where all fully automated hess services and scripted items for purchase now reside. automated certificates can be applied to update your item instantly. only a handful of hess services have been converted so far but more will be moving from the regular high end scrip shop to the annex in future dr runs.
sk/sm tattoos - this is the last run where these will be available using the existing list of offerings as seen here: existing list. beginning with august 2025's run, spells will be rotated in and out of inventory each run.
certificates/items in the annex:

chrism censers, 250,000 bloodscrip
urnon lockpocks, 75,000 bloodscrip
urglaes/veniom multisetting teleport rings
script add, twisted weapons - acid (requires acid flares already present on weapon)
script add, twisted shield - acid (requires acid flares already present on shield)
script add, flare gloves
convert lore flare to another type of lore flare - requires existing lore flares on item
resistance add
transmute enhancive armament/armor accessory to jewelry
flourish, flare affinity
flourish, rage armor
flourish, lore flares
flourish, steel skin flares
flourish, warding flares
flourish, sweep flares
flourish, skullcrusher flares
boost steel skin padding by 2, max 50
boost warding flares td by 5, max 50
boost warding flares duration by 5, max 60
permify normal enhancive
permify sk/mk enhancive

updates to existing hess services:

script add, twin weapons is now 50,000 bloodscrip.
zelnorn ore can now be used to create robes.
high steel ore can now be used to create robes or ucse.
target defense boards can now be used to add td to runestaves.

new hess services:

script add, blink weapon - 750,000 bloodscrip
convert spell circle item to tattoo - 25,000 bloodscrip

once live, you can view things here: hess



duskruin updates & additions - webstaff on 02/07/2025
with duskruin opening in just a few hours, here's a list of announcements you my have missed:

gm tivvy announces that stamp limits and surcharges are being retired.
pm wyrom announces the return of mania.
gm vanah announces an update to the shop: with a flourish
gm nyxus announces new combat flourishes - steel/glaes/adamantine skin flares; warding flares
gm marstreforn announces twisted weapons - acid edition
gm nyxus announces new combat flourishes - skullcrusher flares and sweep flares
gm nyxus announces new combat flourishes - new lore flares '25
gm vanah announces the jammy juicer
gm avaluka announces alcohol still updates and vinegar
gm vanah announces the stovetop dehydrator
gm xynwen announces the greater felcour gauntlets battle vault
gm tago announces that leaderboards got bigger
gm naiken announces that the right to flare arms will now have an add certificate in hess




shop list announced


the shops have been recorded on the wiki.  there's one shop that is a delayed opening that will need to be posted but the rest are there.
the shops curved cuts and shield thyself may be closed, but their certificates were all moved to certifiable!  enjoy.

to get more details, click on the title link!



more sorcerer spell updates! - webstaff on 01/14/2025
evil eye and implosion have had some updates.  click on the title link to see the news!



sorcerer spell updates - webstaff on 01/13/2025
updates to the following sorcerer spells are now live! 

701 blood burst (https://gswiki.play.net/blood_burst_(701))
706 tenebrous tether (new spell) (link tbd)
710 energy maelstrom (https://gswiki.play.net/energy_maelstrom_(710))
716 pestilence (https://gswiki.play.net/pestilence_(716))
718 torment (https://gswiki.play.net/torment_(718))

click on the title link to see more details on these updates!



2024 - lores, documents, lexicons, and verbs - the year in review - webstaff on 01/04/2025
the world of elanthia continues to grow and expand.  to help with that, we created multiple pieces of lore, documents, lexicons, and new verbs in 2024.  for your convenience, we've created a list of the 2024 documents, lore tidbits, and lexicons created.  click on the title to see them all!



the world at a glance - a 2024 review - webstaff on 01/01/2025
the world of elanthia has expanded and grown in many ways this past year.  please click on the title link to see what's new!



wisdom of the ages - webstaff on 01/01/2025
the new subscription loyalty program, wisdom of the ages, is now live.  this is a long term reward system for players who keep their subscriptions active concurrently and log in at least once every month they are billed.  it is available to those who maintain a basic subscription or higher. 
you will gain +2 maximum field experience pool size for every continuous login month. 
if you maintain a premium subscription, you will gain +0.1 base experience absorbed per pulse for every continuous login month.  fraction results have a chance to round up.  for example after 8 months, it's 0.8 and would have an 80% chance to round up to +1.  the maximum benefit would be gained after 10 years. 
the account has to bill every month concurrently and you have to log into the character at least once per month.  if your billing lapses or you don't log in, the streak progress will be lost and rewards will reset to the entry level amount.  like daily login rewards, this is tracked at the character level, so you must log in each character each month you wish to maintain the bonus active on.
starting on the second month when a bonus starts, you may view your current bonus with the experience verb.



updates, bugs, and fixes - webstaff on 01/01/2025
we've been working hard to create updates, bug fixes and changes within the game.  here's a few of the fixes, changes, and adjustments that have been made since november!
everything from area adjustments to spell buff time increases, urchins to resistance, and more!
click on our title hyperlink to read all the details!



2025 calendar of events - webstaff on 12/29/2024
calendar of events for 2025

duskruin arena - february 7 - march 2nd (pay event)
rumor woods: the grand tourney - april 11 - may 4th (pay event)
festival in ta'nalfein - june 6 - 8th (free festival)
premium festival - june 20 - 29th (free premium festival
duskruin arena - august 15 - september 7th (pay event)
ebon gate festival - october 10 - november 2nd (pay event)
halfling cultural event - december 5th - 7th (free festival)




updates, bug fixes, and clean up - webstaff on 11/24/2024
in an effort to continue our summer progress in keeping the things tidy, the development team, events team, production team, and player experience teams have continued to work towards close various bug reports, general issues, and indepth systems.
with development deep in releasing 
we've released covert arts and the sorcerer review, as well as continuing development on gemstones.
click on the title link to see the other fixes, changes, and clean up we've done in the last three months.



festival of the fallen - webstaff on 11/23/2024
the festival of the fallen is now happening in the city of ta'vaalor.
the festival grounds can be found out the southeastern gates, over the annatto bridge and down the path.  once you've entered siren's wood you are there!
for more information on what's taking place at the festival, type festival in-game.
you can also visit the gswiki page estival of the festival of the fallen of the fallen for details.
you can also click on the title link for additional information.



festival of the fallen - webstaff on 11/20/2024
the festival verb has been updated for this weekend's festival of the fallen. you can review it by typing festival in-game.
as in years past, the schedule for prime has been posted. platinum will get the fairgrounds without the schedule.
please also considering keeping an eye on the following wiki pages:
primary page: festival of the fallen 2024saved posts page: festival of the fallen 2024 - saved posts
join us in discord in the festivals and events channel for open discussions and be sure to follow our read only forum post



undergrowth of bittermere woods - webstaff on 10/12/2024
deep in bittermere woods lives a witch who once walked elanith as a priestess of niima.  she discovered something so unique and powerful that the forces of lornon sent assassins after her, ending her life in one swift stroke so that her discovery could not be shared with the world at large.  however, even in death, the arkati fought over what to do with her soul.  gosaena recognized that she was removed from elanith before her time and thus would not ferry her to oblivion.  lorminstra demanded she be returned to her body, a deed for a deed.  luukos wanted her for his own designs as payment for her discoveries.
unable to go to silence, warred over by winter and hiss, naidem took her.  for years, decades, centuries, she was among the forgotten in the landscape of the land between.  not really knowing who she was, but merely a fleeting memory with a single burning desire to rediscover what was lost.
and so, she moved away from the others and into the woods.  she tended to a garden, one that was so different from what she knew in life.  and created her trinkets.  these little things, these forgotten things, and slowly, her past life began to inform her hands, and the old, forgotten discoveries returned.
haunted by the resurgence of how she expired, the witch was uncertain what to do with these things, these bits, this knowledge, and as such she decided to test those that found their way to her garden.  maybe, if she could trust them with the beginnings of her discovery, have them prove through trial their mettle, then maybe, just maybe, she could trust them with the rest.
new game opens on october 18th!



ebon gate trove starts tonight! - webstaff on 10/12/2024
now running from 11th (with first draw on the 12th) through the 2nd of november.
gavelsdown troves 
we have 84 customizations going out in the trove this year, as a result, we have to create a fifth trove so that we can also get out our items. we also have to extend it by 2 days to ensure we have enough days to get all the items into player hands.
some items are profession restricted and winner attuned.
those items are: ac grooming (ranger restricted – 3 offerings), sonic armor/shield/swords/singing sword (bard restricted – 3 offerings), nexus orb teleportation msg (cleric – 3 offerings), transfer (empath - 3 offerings, wizard familiar talisman (wizards – 3 offferings), nightmare (sorcerer – 3 offerings), cman tackle (warrior – 5 offerings), cman sweep (rogue – 5 offerings).
non-attuning offerings are: custom puppy (1 offering), custom leech (1 offering), spirit servant (2 offerings), swear (3 offerings), logphrase (3 offerings), signature verb (3 offerings), bolt (3 offerings), perfume (3 offerings), coffee (3 offerings), tea (3 offerings), tobacco (3 offerings), candy tin (3 offerings), loresong (3 offerings), fatal afflares (5 offerings), illusion pin ( 3 offerings), ezscript 2-verb add (3 offerings), ezscript 5-verb add (3 offerings), major sanctuary (3 offerings), death messaging (3 offerings).
the item trove will have the following offerings: a diminutive ebonwood coffin (scripted coffin w. dead pet raccoon), a custom prayer idol certificate, an alum-inlaid ebonwood box (thelsia jewelry box w. ezscripted & enhancive bracelet), a painted silk gift cloth (gift cloth w. ezscripted & enhancive bangle), a mirror-finish golvern popcorn kettle (auction quality popcorn kettle), a rounded ghezyte thigh-sheath( 4x ghezyte blackjack w. disintegrate flares), a caliginous ghezyte cage (animalistic idol – eel), a thin staff tube (6x surita runestaff w. least moods, 20/12 acuity, and animalistic), a thin-edged golvern knife (+5 survival, fully unlocked scrimshaw knife), a slender doeskin sheath (hidey sheath, knavish knife w. +5 survival bonus), some ebon rusalkysk brigandine (5x crit padded), a silvery crushed silk bag (yfane, forehead gem), a spectral agate teabowl (teadragon), a rustic twig basket (fully unlocked/customized basketifier w. unique food), a dark grey mykal sack (fully unlocked zelotiole alsira, celsylk alter fodder, kwts sash), a hart skull mask (stick-mounted mask w. 10 stalk/hide), a mount feature certificate (custom feature for mount), a distressed bistre leather case (fully unlocked nail press w. customs & nail polish-inator, & 2 unique polishes), a misted sapphire ring (mist armor ring – winner sets armor), an elaborate leather bridle (custom mount look), and a semi-custom market stall certificate.
all profession restricted trove wins are restricted to the character that entered.
the roof over troves 
the private property trove will also be running during the same time. however, we have 27 options for it and only 21 days. as a result, we are going to move 6 items (the artwork add and the mail box add) to raffles during merchant week.
that leaves the following in the trove that are restricted to non-bungalow owners: room add (3), shrine add (3), and workshop add (3).
it also leaves the following all property offerings: move a property (3), mood messaging (3), bird/bugs/critter (3), and food additions (3).
all property trove items are attuned to the account.
trove wiki page





 



[ home | 
information |

forums |
my account |
help |
more games 

| store 

]






© copyright 1986-2025, simutronics corp. all rights reserved.


simutronics corporation privacy policy



cookie preferences


comments about 
this page? 





 








