


interview with zippy creator bill griffith






















    
	interview with zippy creator bill griffith
	
  








friday, august 13, 2004



	 

	 an internet interview with zippy creator bill griffith
	 
    


this website recently had a chance to interview american cartoonist bill griffith about his popular comic strip zippy. in an email exchange of questions and answers, this is what mr griffith told us.  question: your syndicated comic strip panel zippy has been running for almost two years in the taipei times -- an english language daily here in taiwan for expats and local taiwanese who read english. in what other non-english speaking countries does zippy run now?   bill griffith: as well as about 200 papers in the usa, zippy also runs in newspapers in britain, mexico, japan and taiwan, at present. there have been collections of zippy strips published in france, spain, germany, sweden and finland so far. question: the humor in zippy is very surrealistic, with lots of wordplay and word games. what was the genesis of the zippy strip, was there an earlier version that morphed into this, and has it always been zippy and griffy from the get go?  bill griffith: if you think zippy is "surreal" now, you should have read him when he started in the early 1970s in "underground comix" in san francisco! in the early zippy stories and strips, zippy's tendency to speak in random non sequiturs was in full force. he rarely gave an answer or made a statement that related in any but the most oblique way to what other characters around him were saying. but i do not consider zippy to be particularly "surreal" in his current incarnation. off-center, maybe --- unexpected, indirect, poetic ("elliptical", in garry trudeau's["doonesbury"] description) -- but not really surreal -- if by surreal you mean "nonsensical" or "random". actually, zippy is almost always tryingto respond "sensibly" to any question posed to him--he just sees theworld through a very personal distorto-lens. my intent with much ofzippy's statements is to be satirical, and even political, not surreal. question: zippy has done a few strips that took place injapan, with lots of funny english terms and phrasesthat the japanese use on a daily basis on t-shirts,product names and store signs. has zippy ever visitedtaiwan, and if no, does he intend to someday? there is lots of surrealism here in taiwan, similar to japan but with a chinese angle. the director of the crouching tiger, hidden dragon movie, ang lee, was born and grew up through college in taiwan.  bill griffith: yes, the japanese interest in the english language is very zippyesque. strangely poetic.  zippy has visited taiwan --- there's the strip, from februray of 2004, titled "ollie ollie oxen free," adn the animal statues in the strip were insprired by actual photos from taiwan which were sent to me by an american (aaron spinak) living in taiwan. they're from a lawn sculpture store in pingtung city. i'd love to see fotos of more possibletaiwan locations for zippy to visit! question: the us landscape is dotted with muffler men and other huge roadside statues and sculptures, such ashot dog man and dinosaurs and even mt. rushmore. in taiwan, the most famous roadside attractions are the scantily-clad betel nut salesgirls who wear sexy uniforms in their glass-windowed roadside kiosks selling "betel nut" to truck drivers and other workers who like the stimulant effect of the betel nut drug. any chance of the betel nuts girls (they are called"betel nut beauties" here in taiwan) making an appearance one day in the future in the zippy strip? bill griffith:  sounds good --- send me fotos and zippy will be happy to discuss world affairs with a "betel nut beauty"! question: you came of age in the late sixtes, early seventies in the usa when there was enormous experimentation in culture, art and lifestyles.  how did this period impact on your own imagination? and does that period still have a big impact on your life?   bill griffith:  zippy would not exist if it were not for the "counter culture" of the late 1960's and early 1970's. the underground comics and newspapers of that time were very open to free-wheeling, unconventional comics. the mainstream press would never have had any interest in publishing my early stuff -- too weird! too many taboos being broken, too much satire aimed at the "establishment" of the day. i'm very grateful to the"alternative" press of that time -- without it, i may have become a autoseat-cover salesman living on long island. a very unhappy autoseat-cover salesman. question: for taiwanese people who speak and read english fluently -- and there are many -- reading zippy is still a bit of challenge because of the wordplay andcultural issues. if readers here have any questions about zippy's travels and antics, would it be okay if they email you in english and ask you a question or two?   bill griffith:  i always respond to confused readers. my explanations are always sincere, but i always warn people that to "explain" humor is to kill humor. there's a kind of "learning curve" for new zippy readers. for the first six months, it seems like incomprehensible jabber. then, if you keep reading, one day, suddenly, it all makes sense. you've achieved "zippyconsciousness" (kind of a spiritual awakening) and you're finally on zippy's wavelength. seriously --- i consider the zippy strip to make fairly "conventional" punchlines at least half the time. they're just not always in the final panel. there's a "zippy totorial" on the zippysite ("how to understand zippy") at:zippythepinhead.com/pages/aaaunderstanding.html question: the "diner culture" is a big feature of the zippy strip. for readers in taiwan who might not be familiar with the role diners play in american culture, can you explain in a sentence or two?   bill griffith: diners are the "anti-mcdonald's" in america. they are non-corporate, individually-owned gathering places for people to eat "slow food" and relate to each other in a user-friendly environment. plus, the cheeseburgers are much, much better. question: zippy and griffy sometimes speak in french orjapanese or german, i think. have they ever spoken afew words or terms in chinese yet?  bill griffith: not yet -- but he's working up to it.  question: there is an 800-pound gorilla on taiwan's back -- that is, mainland communist china which has vowed to retake the island --by force, if necessary --by the year 2020. does zippy ever deal with such international political issues?  bill griffith:  zippy (and i) visited one of the other remaining communist dictatorships in the world a few years ago -- cuba (i was there on an assignment from the new yorker magazine).  zippy (and griffy) had a lot to say about what they saw, much of it critical of the castro regime.  you can see both the new yorker piece (a seven-page sketch book report called "cuba: thereality tour") and a 48-strip series in "zippy quarterly #10", available from zippythepinhead.com. the new yorker cuba report is also posted on the zippy site at: zippythepinhead.com/pages/newyorker.html  question: many items in the usa are marked "made in china"or "made in taiwan" or "made in mexico".  zippy is made in the usa, with a very particular american flavor.  do you think of your readers in foreign countries when you compose your strips, or do you focus soley on your american audience?   bill griffith:  i really don't think about any particular audience when i do zippy. i try to "please" myself, primarily, while always remaining aware of the need to communicate clearly to a wider readership.  zippy asks the reader to meet him "halfway", unlike many other strips which demand much less of their readers. apparently, luckily for me, there are enough people who are willing to make the leap to allow me to continue to pay my bills. i'm quite happy with my cool, elite, incredibly smart and influential cult following. everybody else has "garfield". (c) 2004 taiwan microinterviews ink, inc. 



posted by danielbloom at 8:58 pm
       |
         0 comments












previous posts

an internet interview with zippy creator bill grif...

archives

august 2004





 





