








overleaf lodge & spa | the best oceanside hotel in yachats, oregon







































































spa closed march 2-15 for maintenance. see specials and announcements for more info. 






skip to content








800-338-0507overleaf spaoverleaf cottage rentalsthe fireside motel 










  


search for:








accommodationsamenitiesevent spaceslocal activitiesoverleaf spabook your stay 














homepageemma2024-10-14t19:27:31-07:00 
sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
experience overleaf lodge in yachats, oregon
relax and refresh at our oceanside hotel and spa. restore your sense of peace with awe-inspiring views and accommodations. memorable moments await.
book now



accommodations


breathe in the salty air from your patio or balcony. curl up by the fireplace or soak in a whirlpool tub as you watch the waves roll in. every hotel room has a jaw-dropping oregon coast ocean view.




spa


let go and find rejuvenation at our relaxing, oceanfront hotel spa. enjoy massages, esthetics, reiki and more – all in our restorative haven of retreat. the view from our spa soaking tubs overlooking the ocean will make you swoon.




event venue


overleaf event center is for those who want to enjoy all the hotel amenities of overleaf lodge & spa. it’s the perfect oregon coast event venue for reunions, receptions, meetings or corporate retreats.

central oregon coast
gem of the oregon coast, yachats is centrally located between newport and florence, oregon, offering our hotel guests many avenues for oceanside relaxation and adventure.
directions
activities
ocean webcam




view our rooms in 360°, visit our photo gallery
view 360° images of overleaf lodge & spa’s hotel rooms and 3d models of our interior spaces with the truetour interactive tool.
plus, check out our photo gallery!
tour & gallery




this lodge is a great place to stay if you want a nice oregon coast experience. all you need to do is open your door and listen to the waves. the breakfast is great and changes every day. if you venture to the 3rd floor, they have a full service spa with a hot tub that faces the ocean. this place also has a walking path that pops you out to a beautiful sand beach.
– katelyn stensrud (google)

we visited yachats for my birthday and chose the overleaf for our lodgings. from the amazing ocean view to the fireplace to the extremely comfy bed, spotless bathroom and nicely equipped kitchenette to the delicious breakfast and friendly staff, the inn provided the perfect stay. the location offered trails to walk, sandy beaches to explore, easily accessed fine dining to enjoy, topped off with a delightful room to return to. we will be back!
– larsargent (tripadvisor)

spent three nights in a cook’s galley room and enjoyed every minute. extremely clean, spacious, and well-stocked. enjoyed breathtaking views from both the balcony and while lying in bed. the property is in a prime location with a walking trail right along the ocean. staff is extremely friendly and personable. breakfast is tasty and so convenient. the spa is a relaxation haven – clean, lovely and peaceful. can’t recommend this highly enough!
– l n. (yelp)






it's our anniversary today, feb. 14! overleaf lodg






valentine's day is only a couple days away, and fo






the newport seafood and wine festival is coming up



 





follow us on instagram




 
 
 
ocean webcam

contact us

directions

e-news

privacy policy



 
accommodations

amenities

guest reviews

gift certificates

moment of the month



 
overleaf spa

spa services

spa products



 
local activities

inspiration blog

press room

guest safety

property map



 
our story

our community

our family properties

careers

photo album



 
event spaces

the fireside motel

overleaf cottage rentals











overleaf lodge & spa280 overleaf lodge lane yachats, or 97498800-338-0507541-547-4880spa: 541-547-4885
mailing address:po box 291yachats, or 97498
email us:reservations@overleaflodge.com
use our app:apple storegoogle play
copyright 2025 overleaf lodge & spa | all rights reserved | website managed by turell group


 
 
page load link
















go to top




