crossroads counseling of the rockies | buena vista coloradoskip to main content

counseling servicesprivate intensive retreatsmarriage counselingindividual counselingfamily counselingsample schedulepricingabout ushistory & statement of faithour teamfrequently asked questionspricinglocation & lodginglocationlodgingtransportationcontactget in touchregistrationpricing




a safe refuge where hearts can heal
a safe refuge where hearts can heal
a safe refuge where hearts can heal
inquire now

for over 20 years, crossroads counseling of the rockies has healed hearts and transformed lives.  crossroads is for couples or individuals who are in crisis.  we pioneered a unique holistic approach to healing, which integrates effective clinical techniques and biblically based spiritual practices.  at crossroads, we are one of the only christian intensive counseling centers in the united states where couples and individuals participate exclusively in private counseling sessions throughout the intensive.
private intensive retreats
learn more
marriage
learn more
individuals
learn more
families
learn more
inquire now
services
crossroads counseling of the rockies offers a concentrated and focused format, which provides in-depth understanding of your problems, as well as tools to deal with them more effectively at home. at crossroads counseling we promote both emotional and spiritual growth by integrating biblical principles with evidence-based treatment methods. clients are amazed at how much ground is covered and the progress that is made in their intensive counseling experience at crossroads counseling.
program overview


marriage counseling
"the counseling was excellent. [our counselor] was able to focus on areas that we really didn't see as issues before. …very useful tools that i plan to incorporate into my daily life. highly recommended. the whole experience was life changing."
over 80 years of experience counseling couples has prepared crossroads counseling of the rockies to help you meet the challenges or opportunities you have in your marriage. whether you have divorce papers prepared, you are looking for a marriage "tune-up", or you are considering embarking on a marital journey, the counselors at crossroads can help bring renewal and life to your marriage and/or set you on a healthy course for the future.
learn more

couples in crisis
marriage builder
pre-marital counseling
individual counseling
"i would recommend this program to anyone seeking long-lasting healing in their lives. it has changed my life. i could never explain how grateful i am for this opportunity."
crossroads counseling of the rockies provides an idyllic setting and experienced professional care just for you. no matter your gender or age, crossroads has a counselor trained and experienced in the type of care you need.
learn more

women
men
teens & children




family counseling
"my experience was painful, and it took a lot of courage to face my chains. but it was all worth it, because jesus set me free from the bondage that enslaved me. he became a "real person" to me instead of a wish or desire to be healed."
in today's society, families are made up of a variety of combinations of people and relationships. the therapists at crossroads counseling of the rockies are expert in family dynamics and communication skills, and can help even the most complicated group of people live in harmony.whether you are a traditional family, extended family, single-parent family, blended family, or engaged in foster care or adoption, or a combination of the above, the therapists at crossroads counseling will assess your situation and help you better understand the unique dynamics of your family and help you incorporate positive changes in your life.
learn more

parenting
foster care
retreat intensives
"my husband and i were here for 8 days. after the third day, with the holy spirit's guidance, our hearts were connected for the first time in 29 years of marriage."

learn more




local community
crossroads counseling of the rockies takes seriously its responsibility to the local community. terri lenzini and melissa litwiller is available to work with people from the local community who may prefer a traditional vs. intensive format. our "local community folks" come from buena vista, leadville, salida, villa grove, fairplay, and as far away as alamosa, monte vista, vail and gunnison.in addition, we work together with many of the area churches to provide counseling services to their people. if you or your church want to set up such an agreement, please contact us.

off-site options
crossroads counseling can travel to a location of your choosing. our counselors will design an intensive counseling retreat, a conference, a workshop or psycho-educational group tailored to your group or organization. see below for examples of off-site options crossroads has to offer and events scheduled.
sample schedule

arrive sunday and get settled into your lodging accommodations.

beginning monday and continuing through friday participate in private, 2-3 hour counseling sessions
9am or 2pm

the life skills class/group is held from noon to 1:00 p.m. each day, monday through friday.

the rest of your day is unstructured, although assignments will be given to complete during this time.

saturday and sunday are free time for you to enjoy buena vista and the beautiful, natural surroundings.

your intensive ends on friday of the second week at the conclusion of your last session.
inquire now
about crossroads counseling of the rockies
20 years together
on september 10, 2001, the day before the historic 9/11 terrorist attack in new york city, wil franz and pete kuiper opened the doors of crossroads counseling of the rockies. the following day, bev spomer joined the team as office manager for crossroads both wil and pete were experienced in the intensive model of therapy and familiar with the exceptional effectiveness. they also knew that buena vista, colorado was just the setting needed to create a safe refuge where hearts could heal.
read more
a safe refuge where hearts can heal.

our statement of faith
we believe that the bible, both old and new testaments, is the divinely inspired and only authoritative word of god; supreme and final in its authority in matters of faith and practice...we believe that there is one true god subsisting in three persons, the father, the son, and the holy spirit, the same in essence and equal in power and glory.we believe...
read more
program overview
crossroads counseling of the rockies promotes both emotional and spiritual growth by integrating biblical principles with effective treatment methods. the counseling services and treatment programs are designed for various levels of need. licensed professional counselors will help you explore which option best provides the concentrated help you need for your journey toward healing and wholeness.
read more
our team
all the therapists at crossroads counseling of the rockies are licensed by the state of colorado and have extensive experience working with couples, individuals, teens and families in a variety of mental health settings. our office staff are long-time residents of buena vista and members of the crossroads team.

pete kuiper, lcsw
founder, clinical therapist, licensed clinical social worker
read profile

terrie lenzini russell, lpc
clinical therapist, licensed professional counselor
read profile

melissa litwiller, lpc
clinical director, therapist, licensed professional counselor
read profile

joe chambers
spiritual director
read profile

elise drexler
licensed clinical social worker 
read profile

dr. j. timothy smith, lpc
clinical therapist, licensed professional counselor
read profile

jase mayton, lpcc
clinical therapist
read profile


buena vista, co


location
as part of the arkansas river valley, buena vista lies in the foothills of the collegiate peaks wilderness area. the collegiate peaks boast eight 14,000-foot mountains and several more over 13,000 feet.during free time, clients can participate in many of buena vista's and colorado's outdoor activities such as scenic drives, hiking, horseback riding, 4-wheeling, hot springs, rock hunting, fishing, hunting, backpacking, camping, as well as white water rafting in the summer and snow skiing, ice skating, sledding and snowmobiling in the winter. 
more about buena vista


lodging
crossroads counseling counseling of the rockies is intent on creating a safe refuge where your heart can heal both in the office and out. while crossroads's fees do not include lodging, the office staff at crossroads can recommend excellent accommodations where you will feel safe and removed from the everyday demands of life. most of the places we recommend have a living area, kitchen and laundry facilities in addition to the bedroom(s). for lodging information in the area, call our office at 719.395.4673.
contact us

transportation
there are a number of travel options for your stay in buena vista. enjoy beautiful scenic drives as you travel to and from local airports to your getaway accommodations in buena vista.if you do not live in colorado, we suggest you fly into denver or colorado springs and then rent a car at the airport. it is a 2- to 3-hour drive to buena vista from either major airport. the rental car will also be valuable to you as you travel to and from your lodging place and the crossroads office, as well as enjoying area activities during your free time.
other transportation options
pricing

couple two-week program
30 hours of therapy (3 hours daily, m-f & m-f)10 hours of educational life skills classes/groupspsychological testing for tworesource materialwith pastor soul care + $750
$7,000
couples one-week program
15 hours of therapy ( 3 hours daily, m-f)5 hours of educational life skills classes/groupspsychological testingresource reading materialwith pastor soul care + $750
$4,000
individual two-week program
30 hours of therapy (3 hours daily, m-f & m-f)10 hours of educational life skills classes/groupspsychological testing for oneresource reading materialwith pastor soul care + $750
$7,000
individual one-week program
15 hours of therapy ( 3 hours daily, m-f)5 hours of educational life skills classes/groupspsychological testingresource reading materialwith pastor soul care + $750
$4,000

youth & family five-day program
15 hours of therapy (3 hours daily, m-f)5 hours of educational life skills classes/groups for the entire familypsychological testing for oneresource reading material
$4,000
additional hours of counseling can be arranged at $150/hour depending on counselor discretion and availability. each additional psychological test is $100. there is a $300 non-refundable registration fee due at the time of registration.
1. contact crossroads office
fill out this form to get started.phone: (719) 395-4673              email: crc@crossroadscounseling.net

2.  schedule your free pre-assessment telephone interview with one of our professional therapists. 
the half-hour assessment will allow time to discuss in-depth your issues with a professional counselor and explore what program best fits your needs.
3. pay the $400 non-refundable deposit via credit card.

4. discuss transportation and lodging options with our knowledgeable office staff.
after you have completed these simple steps, we will e-mail or mail your registration packet to you. the packet will contain paperwork to be completed and returned, information about crossroads and buena vista, what to bring, and detailed directions on how to get here. our office staff will be available to answer any questions you may have and keep you current on the registration process until we warmly greet you face-to-face on your first day at crossroads counseling of the rockies.


registration
taking the first step in a healing process can be the most difficult. the fact that you are reading this indicates that you are serious about finding healing for yourself or someone you love. follow the simple steps below and begin a new chapter in emotional, mental and spiritual wellbeing.

inquire now
frequently asked questions
what is brief intensive counseling?
clients of crossroads counseling of the rockies meet on a daily basis with their crossroads therapist, working on issues in a concentrated, goal-directed manner that produces a deep "heart shift." the counseling takes place over a 10-day period: monday through friday for two consecutive weeks. the process of healing is accelerated as the individual or couple accesses the root causes of their problems, along with a distinctively christian perspective that provides new direction and growth. often the effect is so profound that clients remark that the experience at crossroads is equivalent to as much as a year's worth of traditional counseling. 
read more - program overview
what are the credentials of the therapists?
all crossroads therapists are licensed by the state of colorado department of regulatory agencies. each therapist has at least a master's degree and has many years of experience working with individuals, couples, and families in a variety of mental health settings. see our team for more information on specific therapists.
where is crossroads counseling of the rockies located?
crossroads counseling is located in buena vista, colorado. buena vista is a scenic two- and-a-half-hour drive southwest of denver, or a two-hour drive west of colorado springs. the small mountain community atmosphere augments the counseling process by providing a quiet, natural environment away from daily distractions and stresses, allowing clients a safe refuge where hearts can heal. normally, all clinical work is conducted at the crossroads counseling offices in buena vista. however, for those who wish to host an offsite intensive retreat, arrangements can be made for crossroads therapists to travel to other locations. a minimum of four couples is required for offsite retreats. 
see more information about buena vista and the surrounding area
how much does brief intensive counseling cost?
crossroads is committed to providing the best christian counseling at an affordable cost. many  major insurance carriers cover at least a portion of cost. rates depend upon length of program and number of participants. registration fees for counseling programs do not include lodging, meals or transportation. 
see cost and registration for more details.
what type of lodging is available in buena vista?
crossroads has made arrangements with several lodging facilities in the buena vista area to offer clients discounted rates for their stay. see lodging or call crossroads to ask about the various options available.
what if i am already seeing a counselor in my area?
with signed consents, the crossroads therapists welcome input from your counselor and would normally expect to make a referral back to that counselor for follow-up treatment when you return home.
why are the group teaching sessions important?
as a rule, the group setting provides a different aspect of healing from individual sessions. the safe environment of a small group or class aids the process of healing relationally, emotionally and spiritually. classes are designed to clarify and reinforce what clients are working on in counseling sessions. clients often remark that familiar biblical truths have taken on a whole new freshness, power, and experiential reality as the holy spirit reveals practical applications.
is crossroads connected with any particular church or denomination?
crossroads is cross-denominational. clients come to crossroads from a wide variety of religious backgrounds. theological and/or doctrinal issues are rarely reasons the client has come for counseling. consequently, doctrinal distinctive's that divide christians are not addressed and controversial issues are referred back to the client's pastor other church leader. please refer to our statement of faith if you desire further clarification.
how do i register for counseling sessions and/or a brief intensive?
the first step is to call or e-mail crossroads letting us know that you are interested.  please above for information regarding registration, cost, lodging and transportation. or inquire now to contact us directly.
does crossroads accept insurance?
crossroads counseling of the rockies and our therapists are not network providers for any insurance company. we are an out-of-pocket provider and will request full payment when you start your intensive or before traditional counseling. if your insurance will reimburse for out-of-network services and you wish to file a claim, please request the office prepare a detail report after services are rendered that can be used to file your own claim with your insurance company.
what makes crossroads different?
christ-centered approach with lasting results.private sessions 3 hours daily.accelerated progress and healing.revitalized heart connection with god.safe and confidential environment.heart transformation resulting in relational breakthrough.addressing root causes not just symptom relief.communication and conflict resolution skills.effective tools for the ongoing journey of recovery.
get in touch/ inquire
 name *

 email *

 phone *

 contact via *
 select  phone  email  text 
 available time *
 select  no preference  weekday morning  weekday afternoon  weekday evening  saturday  sunday 
 details *
describe the type of counseling you are interested in, and any other details you would like us to know.
 how did you hear about crossroads? 





program overview
about us
faq
(719) 395-4673
get in touch

© crossroads counseling of the rockies 2024 - all rights reserved 

