



jack gartside's home page: fly fishing articles, books, flies, and prints





























official
    site of jack gartside, renowned fly fishing author and fly tyer. tactics
    and flies for striped bass, trout, tarpon, bonefish, salmon, bass, bluefish, snook, and permit. pattern recipes,
  blog, photo gallery and more.

jack gartside's home page



 you are here: homeyour cart:  $0.00  checkout  













about
                  jackabout
                  jackgartside.com

 site information
site
        mapcontact form
join the  mailing list
ordering information
privacy and security
translate site



 






there's something fishy about this web site

welcome to jackgartside.com, official web site of  the world infamous fly tyer, author, bon vivant, and  icon-o-caster jack gartside! on this site you'll
    find jack's: 

 fishing articles
tying step-by-steps
gallery of original fly patterns

it's also where you can buy jack's original:

books
fly tying
      materials
original framed
      prints (limited supply) 

have questions? use the contact
    form.





gartside stuff


                                      note: throughout this site, products and articles added or
                                      substantially modified in the past 60 days are marked 

tying materials...


													    coyote tails, jumbo





													  beautiful, large american coyote tails about 18 inches long. the guard hairs  vary in color from cream to tan to silver to black and make excellent tails and streamer wings. try them in place of bucktail on clousers, bonefish flies, and other patterns. the natural salt and pepper fibers are also well-suited to lobster, crab, and crayfish imitations. the scruffy gray underfur makes great dubbing for sub-surface flies.


													    fox tails, premium american red





													  beautiful large american red fox tails. each tail is sixteen to twenty inches long and includes the tip--enough tail to keep you tying for a long, long time!


													    corsair tubing





													  corsair tubing this is the real stuff, not a cheap imitation. strong, durable, and malleable, this easy-to-use polyester or polyester/mylar tubing is used to tie some of the most realistic and interesting flies you can imagine.


													    original gurgler foam





													  a
view all tying materials

books... 

striper strategies (2nd edition)                                                     
at last! the long-awaited second edition of striper strategies is now available, just in time for the holidays! this new edition features over 50 additional pages, new fly dressings, new photographs, and a full color cover.


fly patterns for the adventurous tyer (4th edition)                                                     
this book contains all of jack's best-known fresh water patterns. the sparrow, gartside pheasant hopper, soft hackle streamer, cpf and firefly mayflies and caddis, the gurgler (with 20 variations!), and many more unusual and innovative designs to challenge the tyer and to entice the fish.


original salt water fly patterns (4th edition)                                                     
original and effective salt water fly patterns for striped bass, bluefish, bonefish, tarpon, permit, redfish, sea trout, snook, and other salt water species. contains all of my best-known salt water patterns such as the gartside sand eel, the gurgler, the floating minnow, the beastmaster, the fishhead, the beastmaster general, and the soft hackle streamer. 


secret flies 
secret flies for fresh and salt water reveals revolutionary and exquisitely simple fly tying techniques i've developed for use with gartside's secret stuff. gartside's secret stuff (gss for short) is a unique tying material that lets you create unusual and beautiful flies that combine realism and action. over 50 patterns and ideas and inspiration for hundreds more.
view all books




subscribe
                      to the mailing list!                      

join
                      the jackgartside.com e-listers!
                      get discounts on jack garside stuff, news on events, site updates, and other gartside-related stuff.
                      not to mention fishing
                      reports, secret government reports,
                      and alien autopsy footage.                    
to sign
                      up, enter your email
                      address in the form
                      below. your address
                      will never be shared with
                      any other person or
                      organization and you
                      can unsubscribe any
                      time. 

name:  
     (optional)
 email: 
    





current subscribers: you can also use the form
                      above to unsubscribe or to change your email address. just enter your current subscription email
                      address and click submit. 




roccus writing

the  jackgartside.com blog  is a place for tales, tips, and other random musings. latest posts:

recent articles




				  a christmas present from the queen				 
a holiday piece from jack we like to revisit each december. here's wishing you and yours good tidings, good fishing, and a happy new year.                    
read the article




				  permit me				 
with winter coming, it's time to start thinking of places where warm winds blow over sunlit flats. this piece, one of the few jack wrote about permit, appeared in his 1989 "a catalog and miscelleny".                    
read the article




				  tying the aleph				 
the aleph may or may not look like anything in nature but it certainly attracts fish.                     
read the article




				  applying fabric paint eyes to flies				 
for painting eyes on my flies i use fabric paint. it's a simple process. here's how i go about it...                    
read the article




				  gurgler fishing in salt water and fresh				 
in this article i explore some of the techniques i use when fishing gurglers for striped bass, largemouth bass and trout.                    
read the article




				  striped bass from the start				 
now that striper season is upon us, here are a few suggestions for those of you might be saying to yourself, "i have all the gear and the get-up-and-go. but where do i begin?                    
read the article




				  a look at the season past				 
2007 was the best year for striped bass i've ever had.  here's some of the flavor of the past season.                    
read the article




				  fall striper strategies				 
fall is here and the fish are on the move. it's a season that many striper fishermen live for, when the fish are jumpin' and the catchin' is high.                    
read the article




				  early season striper strategies				 
spring is here and with it the striped bass. here are strategies and tips to help you make the most of the first third of the season.                    
read the article




				  the soft hackle wet fly: back to basics				 
there is beauty in simplicity and the traditional soft-hackle wet fly is quite simply, beautiful. in its bareness, in the liveliness of its soft hackle fibers it suggests all that seems necessary to tempt fish.                    
read the article


regular features

 caught a nice one? or just want to see your handsome face on the internet? let us add your photo to our photo gallery. 

past articles

zambezi hi-tie
muddled soft hackle deceiver
gartside bass bug
wiggle worm
floating minnow
corsair sand eel
depth-charger soft hackle deceiver
three crabs and a dab
tarpon bunny
cpf no-hackle caddis dry fly/emerger
beastmaster general
baby bunker gurgler
hot orange rabbit-strip fishhead
more coypu flies!
silver slider
coypu, coypu, coypu!
two simple secret flies
double gurgler
skinny minnie
blueback herring
pheasant hopper
pheasant hopper
new wave soft hackle streamer
another fish tale
the ringneck pheasant: the flytyer's friend

view all
articles...



 
 
 


 boston weather and tides

tides
 tides for boston,
                          massachusetts
tides for other
                          northeast us locations

tides for world
                          locations
visit
                          my links
                          page for other
                          meteorological and
                          fishing related
                          resources.


plan your triplocal radardetailed forecast



moon phase










 home · about jack  · about jackgartside.com  · articles · books · contact
jack · fly galleries · jack's blog · jack's mailing list · links · ordering
information · photo
gallery · prints  · privacy and security  · tying
materials 


top
          of page
copyright
2000-2021 by jackgartside.com +-+-+;
 

except where
                  otherwise noted, the written content and images on this site are the exclusive
                  property of jackgartside.com (excluding certain images reproduced from the
                  public domain). do not modify, publish, transmit, create derivative works,
                  or in any way exploit the content of this site without first obtaining
                  the owner's permission. prices listed on this site are subject to change
                  without notice.
 
 loading
















