




 






home - ferrycounty.com



























skip to content








menu



ferrycounty.com 






search

home 
things to do outdoor fun atv / ohv 
ferry county rail trail 
fishing 
ice fishing 
winter recreation 
hunting 
parks beal park 
curlew lake state park 
ferry lake 
lone ranch park 
long lake 
patterson park 
peggy brixner park 
ranald macdonald 
swan lake 
ten mile campground 

lakes and rivers curlew lake 
ferry lake 
kettle river 
long lake 
swan lake 

scenic driving tour #1 

communities republic wa 
curlew wa 
malo wa 

museums ansorge hotel museum 
ferry county historical society museum 
husky car & truck museum 
slagle house museum 

attractions stonerose 
ferry county rail trail 
ranald macdonald 
ferry county fair carousel 
republic cemetery 
curlew bridge 

events ferry county fair 
eagle track raceway 
prospectors’ days 
wings over republic fly-in 
barrel derby days 


lodging 
food & drink 
area info medical services 
libraries 
newspaper & cable tv 
real estate 
building a home or cabin in ferry county 

 



close menu






















					ferry county		    

					simple pleasures. lasting memories.		    










 









					welcome		    

					seeking tranquility and the best of outdoor vacationing? ferry county is where you’ll find it. 		    















enjoy a vacation or a family reunion at one of the area’s resorts, ranches, or campgrounds. experience first-rate fishing, world-class fossil hunting, hiking, and scenic drives.
watch dirt-track and sprint racing from the stands or your truck’s tailgate. root for your favorite horse at the county fair’s old-fashioned horse racing events.
bring your bathing suit and your suntan lotion, and enjoy a day swimming, water skiing, tubing, kayaking, or jet skiing on one of our lakes and rivers.

 

 








 





 


fishing! 





												experience more										





 


things to do 





												discover more										





 


communities 





												explore more										













					places to stay		    

					resorts, inns, cabins, rv & camp sites 		    













ride horses, fish streams, and enjoy barbecue fare at a working ranch. enjoy a family vacation at one of the area’s resorts or campgrounds. photograph a morning’s sunrise from curlew lake’s waterfront cabins, and lakeside camping and rv spots.  select a shady and solitary camp site at one of the area’s small fishing lakes. stay in one of republic’s inns and walk to restaurants, bar and grills, stonerose interpretive center, and a first-rate brewery.






												learn more										













		    all the curlew lake resorts have lake-view cabins and rv sites available.	    




 



 





					where to eat		    

					delicious frontier-town food and casual dining.		    













our restaurants serve up delicious country-style fare,  hot-from-the-oven pizzas, spicy mexican cuisine, great burgers and fries, and much more.  oh…and don’t forget to quaff a beer or enjoy a craft-made soda at our award-winning brewery. 





												learn more										















					trip planning		    

					resources to help you		    













planning your next visit to one of ferry county’s vacation spots? here are websites that will help answer your questions and provide you with lots of ideas for family fun and entertainment.

curlewlake.com: this site focuses on vacationing at curlew lake, wa.
republicwa.org: city of republic’s website focused on tourism. lots of good information about events and  things to do in and near republic, wa.
stonerose fossil site: learn more about the area’s geologic history and hunt stronerose’s fossil bed for your own 49-million-year-old fossil.
republicwa.com: the republic regional visitor and convention bureau’s (rrvcb) website has lots of tourism-helpful information.
republicchamber.org: check out the chamber of commerce’s calendar of community events and activities happening during your visit.
 

 




 

 



 











back to top



ferrycounty.com 










helpful links

curlewlake.comrepublicwa.orgrepublicwa.com
 

site menuhome
things to do
lodging
where to eat
area info
about
 

social links

 



 

 







ferry county. simple pleasures. lasting memories.copyright © 2001 - 2024 ferrycounty.com. all rights reserved. 














 

