


chubby toes























sunday, october 31, 2010



	 
	 chocolate
	 
    


ok...i have fallen to a new low! i tried really hard to not eat  halloween candy so i didn't buy any chocolate. sounds like a good idea  but as the night went on i wanted chocolate so bad i bribed a trick or  treater with three pieces of our candy for just one piece of chocolate  candy from his bag. best baby ruth i ever had!



posted by ...jus me at 10:51 pm
0 comments






monday, october 25, 2010



	 
	 here we go!
	 
    


well, day one is upon me! had a 275 calorie protein shake for breakfast. just starting to realize that i am hungry.meanwhile got my hair cut and did my costco grocery shopping. yeah i am glad that is done! now i am gonna be busy making meat sauce and bagging it for future use and cooking some whole chickens for different recipes as well. that should give us a good start on the month.well i should go fix me a salad or something else for lunch and get busy. see ya!



posted by ...jus me at 1:52 pm
0 comments






sunday, october 24, 2010



	 
	 last day for church cookies
	 
    


yep my church can be a contributor to my delinquency on eating healthy...they have cookies! and good ones too! and today they had donuts too!i indulged today like an alcoholic does the day before he goes into forced rehab! well, not that bad! not sure if i really wanted the cookies or if i wanted them because i knew i couldn't have them after today. this is why i don't like to diet! this is also why i won't diet! if i really have to have a cookie, i will have one and simply count the calories.and the real reason i had a cookie today...because it seemed like a freebie! i told myself that i am not being good until tomorrow. i think i need to get out of that mind set.  i will work on that one!



posted by ...jus me at 12:13 pm
0 comments






saturday, october 23, 2010



	 
	 ok so i have been thinking...
	 
    


i know it is a scary thing for me, but here goes!i need a new beginning so i will feel all past descretians have been forgotten and forgiven. i realize that i only get that with the lord, but why can't it apply to my eating and quest for health as well? i think it can.i know that the way i have been eating is sinful on so many levels so it is time to do something about it again.step one... admit that i need an intervention! i lost 45 pounds, took a vacation and gained back 7-10 pounds. i stayed there all summer. due to an illness and the resulting prednisone use my pseudo tumor cerebri flared up again and i have another 10-15 pounds of fluid on top of the 7-10 i gained back. i know i need a total commitment now.step two... make a plan.i have done the best when i am tracking my calories and eating all my fruits and veggies. the jorge cruz "belly fat cure" was very interesting to me. i did learn alot from it, but i didn't lose as well on it. i will incorporate what i learned to my plan tho and will be watching my "hidden sugar" as well as caloric count. i will be choosing whole foods as much as i can without driving myself crazy. i know my daily caloric intake so i am good to go there.ask god (daily) to help me to make wise decisions concerning the food i put into my body and to help me to start taking better care of this body he gave mekeep a food diarytrack my caloriesdrink atleast 64 oz. water dailyabsolutely no pop!!!take vitamins & ptc meds dailycomplex carbs/balanced with proteinweigh once a week and take measurements once a monthcook or prepare foods at homecollect low cal healthy recipestry new recipesput together recipes for cook once and freeze for monthexercise in pool atleast twice a weekwrite letter and get papers together for membership at fitness centerplan atleast two days pool timeget a better suit to wearbe more active on days i don't swimstep three...develop a support team.people to call when feeling weak or discouraged/depressedpeople who i can email for encouragementpeople who i can exercise withpeople who will come over when i need a kick in the buttpeople who encourage me by leaving a comment on my blogpeople who will pray for mewell, that is good enough for a start! i will update my blog on monday morning with my starting weight. hope you all have a great weekend!



posted by ...jus me at 1:36 pm
0 comments






wednesday, october 20, 2010



	 
	 still aive...i think!
	 
    


yep, if anybody out there still cares...i am still around!this must be one of "those seasons" for all the weightloss blogs and my old pals that battle this demon! what i mean is, most all of my favorite bloggers and friends have not posted in as long or longer than i have. i have not given up! and i hope they have not either!it seems like none of us are actively fighting the weightloss battle at the present time. this is not necessarily a bad thing. like me, i quit fighting about may sometime. i put on 7 pounds and have stayed there all summer. now that it is starting on the hibernation time i know i need to start thinking about getting back at it.unfortunately thinking is about all i am doing at this point. my knees and hip are hurting right now and any kind of movement is not a fun option. i am having trouble sleeping with this as well. and as far as eating goes, i am just trying to watch the portions right now as we have my granddaughter and her fiance living with us for awhile and our diet has been modified to accommodate two other people. we don't always share our meals but even still there are fattening foods being cooked and eaten and i have no willpower. if everybody is snacking, then why can't i?i will try to get back at it soon. i need to get my pseudo tumor cerebri under control tho first as i am carrying about 10-15 pounds of extra fluid ever since i had to take prednisone for 3 days.i miss hearing from everyone and seeing how you are all doing. it gets me motivated. maybe we can help each other? take care all!



posted by ...jus me at 2:06 pm
0 comments






monday, may 10, 2010



	 
	 week two
	 
    


well, it's not 4 pounds but i still lost 2 pounds and another inch in my waist! that is 6.5 pounds and 2" in my waist in two weeks . i am still happy. it's not hard to stay on and i am not hungry.my really good news came last night and this morning when my husband replaced the battery in my diabetes meter. i took my blood sugar two hours after dinner last night and it should read 120 or below for a normal reading. mine was 119. then this morning fasting was 98 and it was supposed to be under 100. yippee! but then when i took it two ours after breakfast, i got a real surprise...it should have been below 120 and it was only 89. i am so excited that i am controlling my blood sugar without meds...woohoo!



posted by ...jus me at 7:39 pm
3 comments






wednesday, may 05, 2010



	 
	 hi all!
	 
    


sorry it has been so long. i did my knee in again. been down with that quite a bit. i think i walked too much too soon. from the last time i posted i walked for 3-4 more days after that and it has hurt ever since...arggghhh!my weight was going up and down...just kinda bouncing around for a couple weeks too. frustrating!i talked to a friend of mine who was just starting the belly fat cure lifestyle and she has been stuck for a long time. it promises 4-7 pounds in the first week. (she had already lost 4 pounds in 5 days) yeah diane!then i went grocery shopping at costco and as i was checking out the books, as i always do, (don't you?) well anyway, there was the book by jorge cruise. i thumbed thru it and there is lots of recipes with great pictures (i'm a sucker for the pictures). of course it hopped into my cart.this is my second week and i lost 4 1/2 pounds the first week & a half an inch in my waist. so far this week i have lost 1 1/2 pounds. i am finally down 30 pounds. since i quit work last september i have lost 45 pounds. i don't usually count the first 15 as it was mostly fluid buildup but i am encouraged anyway.now that i have made that goal (30 pounds) it is off to my next goal which is just two pounds away. then i will be back to what i weighed when i got pregnant with my youngest son. unfortunately, my body really likes that weight, so i need to make sure that i keep pushing to get past that!hope you are all having a good week and i will try to post more often. (like there are people actually reading this--makes me feel better thinking that there might be!)



posted by ...jus me at 10:13 am
0 comments










originally my daughter and i started this blog, but it has become my project and as far away from it as i have tried to get...it is always there bringing me back. i guess we have unfinished business! stick around and watch the transformation that i have always dreamed about, one step at a time.

highest weight: 288.5 

weight as of september 16, 2009: 276

starting weight (this time): 245

current weight: 

may 2010: 231





diet girl 300 weeks

weight watcher's

prism

diet bites

carbo limbo



hopeful loser

scale ho

daily struggle

my weigh of thinking

diet porn is obsession

snackie's

insanity prevails

pink bunny foo foo

diet girl



chocolate
here we go!
last day for church cookies
ok so i have been thinking...
still aive...i think!
week two
hi all!
picture it...little fat mamma and little fat doxie...
small victories!
must be doing something right!



january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
april 2008
may 2008
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
october 2010







 






