



the mississippi state port authority at gulfport

















































































228-865-4300


facebook


facebook




twitter


twitter




linkedin


linkedin




youtube


youtube




instagram


instagram

menuabout

history

restoration project 
status report 


commission and port team 
community initiatives 
newsroom 
calendar of events 
financial info 
vessel schedule 


doing business

business overview

facilities & properties 
projects & upgrades 
crane info 


procurement 
labor relations 
tariff 


employment
contact

directions 
speaking requests 
business inquiries 










 

























 






the mississippi state port authority at gulfport






the mississippi port authority at gulfport has all the elements to make it a national leader in waterborne commerce and a economic driver for the mississippi gulf coast. the ideal location, history of perseverance, state-of-the-art facilities, outstanding services, cost effectiveness, and dedicated professional staff merge to meet the needs of our customers.









business



facilities



employment



directions







the port of gulfport maintains a comprehensive emergency management plan for severe weather and works closely with u.s. customs & border patrol, u.s. coast guard, and the city of gulfport emergency preparedness department in order to respond effectively to potential threats and disasters. if threats of tropical storms or hurricanes have a possibility of entering our area, we will begin updating this page with up-to-date port status conditions.


more info


the mspa board of commissioners typically meets on the fourth thursday of each month at 9:00 a.m. at the port’s administrative office on the 14th floor of the hancock bank plaza, located at 2510 14th street in gulfport. meeting times are subject to change. please visit the calendar of events page for the most up-to-date information. board meetings are open to the public.


more info


the port of gulfport has a centralized purchasing function. all purchases are initiated through the finance department to ensure that all procurement requirements have been met. vendors shall not make sales to any port of gulfport employee without a purchase order approved by the finance department.


more infolatest news
 




 




mississippi state port authority at gulfport and gulf regional planning commission awarded $275,000 safe streets for all grant by usdot


september 5, 2024universal admin 

for immediate releasethursday, september 5, 2024 gulfport, miss. – gulf regional planning commission (grpc), in partnership with the mississippi state port authority at gulfport (mspa), has been awarded a $275,000 safe streets and roads for all (ss4a) grant by the u.s. department of transportation (usdot). grpc will administer the grant, while the mspa provides both…


read more








 




mississippi state port authority awarded $1.85 million epa clean ports planning grant


october 30, 2024hannah milliet 

for immediate releasewednesday, october 30, 2024 gulfport, miss. – the mississippi state port authority (mspa) has been awarded a $1.85 million clean ports planning grant by the environmental protection agency (epa) to support the mspa’s roadmap to emissions reduction and resiliency, a strategic initiative aimed at reducing emissions, improving air quality, and engaging the port…


read more








 




port of gulfport awarded $2.6 million in grant funding from the mississippi strategic multi-modal investment fund


april 9, 2024webmaster 

for immediate release  gulfport, miss. – the mississippi transportation commission (mtc) announced the mississippi state port authority at gulfport has been awarded $2.6 million in grant funds under the new strategic multi-modal investments fund (smif) for infrastructure improvements.  smif was established by the mississippi legislature in 2023 to support projects at ports, airports and railroads…


read more















mississippi state port authority at gulfport
p.o. box 40 gulfport, ms 39502 usa | phone: 228-865-4300 fax: 228-865-4307





ms transparency act information
mspa legal disclaimer





website designed by the focus group





menu
































