







parkworks - remodeling & landscaping cleveland oh

































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebarparkworksremodeling tips and tool reviewshome

privacy policy


project guides
tools
wood working tips
remodeling cost
say hello
5 tools every wood worker should have
may 22, 2018 by john 
getting started with woodworking does not need to be a complex, confusing, or expensive task. far too often, people make the mistake of thinking that woodworking requires a lot of large, expensive tools. fortunately, this is not the case. in fact, you can put together a well-equipped and efficient woodworking shop by purchasing just five basic tools. you might be amazed at the woodworking you will be able to do, using these top 5 power tools.
1. cordless drill
many people simply assume that a corded power drill is essential in the workshop. while corded drills have their place, a cordless drill can be much more convenient and easy to use. cordless drills offer the ultimate in portability, allowing you to use them wherever they are needed. they are simple to use on a workbench, on vertical surfaces, or even overhead. they also offer safety advantages, since you do not have to worry about accidentally tripping over or cutting the power cord. while a cordless drill does generally cost more than a corded drill, the added convenience and portability justifies the added expense. the batteries used to power cordless tools are designed to provide a lengthy amount of service time. still, if you plan to do quite a bit of woodworking, consider purchasing an additional battery for extra work time. see our latest cordless drill reviews
2. circular saw
a circular saw is a must in any woodworking shop. this basic handheld tool is extremely versatile, and can be used for a multitude of cutting tasks. many people consider a circular saw as simply a hand tool for making rougher cuts. however, when paired with a clamp-on straight edge, a circular saw can perform many of the same cutting tasks as a far more expensive table saw. circular saws are good for cutting jobs that require more portability than a table saw can offer. after all, it is far easier to take a circular saw to a job site than to transport a table saw. circular saws do a particularly good job when cutting medium-density fiberboard, plywood, or similar sheet goods.
3. miter saw
compound miter saws are a must-have for cutting compound angles. it would be extremely difficult to cut accurate angles on crown-molding stock without one of these handy tools. compound angles, consisting of mitered, beveled and combination cuts, are essential to many woodworking projects. whether you are focused primarily on carpentry or are planning to delve into fine woodworking, a miter saw is a worthwhile purchase for your woodworking shop – see protoolzone.
4. jig saw
a jig saw is invaluable when you need to make curved cuts. in time, you may wish to purchase a band saw. however, a jig saw can be extremely efficient, and will cost a lot less. these saws are easy to use and portable, making them perfect for a wide variety of woodworking projects. jig saws, sometimes referred to as “sabre saws,” are great for any time you need to make circular or curved cuts. even if you eventually purchase a band saw, you will continue to appreciate the convenience and portability of a good jig saw. look for convenient features when purchasing one, such as an easy blade changing system. a corded, orbital action jig saw will provide plenty of versatility for your woodworking projects.
5. table saw
a table saw may be a more expensive purchase than the hand tools mentioned previously, but it is an invaluable woodworking tool. it is generally a good idea to purchase your handheld power tools first, so that you can first become accustomed to them.
our final thoughts:
before purchasing a table saw, it is a good idea to think about your woodworking needs. do some research, and think about the features you will need for the woodworking projects you wish to embark on. if you are equipping your woodworking shop on a budget, pay close attention to which features are necessary, and which ones are merely nice to have. it is generally a good idea to purchase the best table saw you can, while remaining within your budget. a table saw is essentially the centerpiece of any woodworking shop, so it is worth spending a little more on one so that you have a good and dependable saw.
filed under: best cordless drills, wood working tips top 5 water filtration systems for your home
november 15, 2020 by john 
broadly speaking, all types of water filters come in two different types: poe or point-of-entry water filters and pou or point-of-use water filters. with the former type, the filter is connected to the main water supply of your home whereas pou filters are separate and often standalone units. the latter include the most common water filtration systems used in a home such as undersink filters, faucet-mounts, shower filters, countertop filters as well as standalone pitcher filters, ro filters, and the like. in this article, however, we will talk about point-of-entry filters, also called whole house water filters, and a few things you need to do to select the water filter that will be the best suit for your requirements.
5 tips on how to choose the best whole house water filter

1. decide what type of filter you will need
the type of whole house filter you will need to install for best protection depends on the type of contaminants that are present on the water you use and we highly recommend that you test your water to get the right type of water filtration system. if you are on municipal service, check the annual water quality report of your local water service.
this you can find at the epa website. by entering your zipcode or location, you can access this report that all water supply services are required to prepare annually, according to epa requirements.
commonly, those using local water supply will need to remove/reduce chemicals, minerals, chlorine and sediments. on the other hand, homeowners using private water wells will need to install a filtration system that can remove sediment, iron and hardened minerals.
the degree of presence of the above contaminants in your water varies from mild to toxic. this is why ‘knowing your water’ is essential for selecting the right filter which will ensure that only water that is completely filtered flows in your dispensers.
doing a water check at regular intervals is essential for those using well waters. you can get this done at any certified water testing labs located near your residence. even if you are using municipal service water, we still strongly recommend that you get a water test done in addition to checking the annual water quality report. pathogens and chemicals can be picked up in the pipelines leading to one’s home and within one’s home.
2. know the flow rate of your appliances and dispensers
all water dispensers and appliances used in your home (such as hot water heaters, showers, dishwashers) come with their own specific flow rates (measured in gallons per minute or gpm). for example, toilet faucets and dishwashers typically come with flow rates of 3 gpm and 5 gpm respectively. showerheads, on the other hand, will normally have flow rates of 2.5-5 gpm.
it’s important that you check the flow rates of all the water dispensers and appliances installed in your home. the right flow rate required of your whole house water filter will depend on the number of water dispensers used, the flow rate of each of these dispensers and the size of your household. you can calculate this by yourself or engage the service of a professional for the purpose.
this is important since investing in a water filtration system with a lower flow rate than required will result in low water pressure and interrupted water flow.
3. decide what size filter you need

as you can see from the chart above, the average household consumes a large amount of water. so you’ll need to decide on whether or not you want to filter your water through the use of a filter pitcher or a whole house water filtration system known as a point-of-entry (poe) which will filter all water entering your home from the main water line — this is the most cost effective option, however, it come with a higher entry cost.
for average households, a whole house water filter of the size of 4.5 inches x 20 inches should suffice. the port size of the water filter is important, too, as that impacts both the pressure and the gpm. if you have a large household, consider getting a filter with 1.5-inch ports and that comes with a flow rate of 25 gpm.
4. know how often you will need to replace filters
different filters come with different lifespan, so make sure you know the life of your filter used in your whole house water filtration system. normally, the life of a filter is given by a specified amount/quantity of water. for example, one filter may need to be replaced after it has purified 3,0o0 gallons of water while another may come with a longer life of 5,000 gallons. however, keep in mind, too, that the quality of contaminants and sediment that are filtered also affects the life of your filter. if you experience low water pressure on a consistent basis, it means that it’s time you changed your filter. in order to stay on top of your filter change routine, we suggest that you keep a record of your filter changes.
5. make sure you are buying a nsf-certified water filtration system
when all the above is taken care of and it is time to purchase the water filter, there is just one more thing you need to pay heed to—and that is the filtration system you are buying is nsf certified. this is to make sure that the system in question has been tested and approved by the appropriate authorities. check the seal to find the certification.
so, if you have decided to upgrade you house water filter system and invest in a poe filter for maximum safety and protection, follow the above steps and you can be pretty secure in your knowledge that you are bringing home the right whole house water filter for your requirements.
filed under: project guides granite countertops cost buyer’s guide
february 9, 2019 by john 
granite is arguably one of the most sought after materials for people to use in their kitchen for countertops. not only does it look like it is extremely premium, but the durability is second to none. the only problem is, many people are not exactly thrilled with the price when they begin shopping. are granite countertops worth the investment, or are there better options out there?
an in-depth look at why granite countertops costs more
there are a number of different materials that are used for countertops in kitchens around the world. anything from wood to laminate to tile can be used in a kitchen. granite is often requested by a lot of people, even though it is one of the most expensive options out there.
the average cost of granite countertops will run you about $40 to $100.00 and granite tile starts at $2.50 to $5.00 per square foot. more high-end products and custom orders, however, can easily reach costs of $6.00 to $15.00 or more per square foot
the first reason why granite is expensive is that it is a natural stone. any type of rock is going to be more expensive because the material just costs more. the cost of the stone can really get up there if it is a more rare kind. a rare type of granite will not only be extremely strong, but it might also have a unique design to go along with it.
companies that sell granite countertops also understand that there is going to be little need to replace them any time soon. since they are extremely durable, the cost is going to go up. the good news is that while other countertops might last half the time, granite countertops can last for decades if treated well.
finally, granite countertops are just heavy all around. transportation to a home can cost quite a bit. that is why a lot of people opt to shop near their home instead of having it imported from thousands of miles away. just the shipping cost can really add up.

how can granite be purchased on a budget
shoppers are always going to be looking for a good deal when they are looking at countertops. since they can often really get up there in price, it can be difficult to decide on just the right option.
one way that cost can be reduced is if a person goes with granite tiles instead of a full slab. a lot of people like the look of a full slab, but the tiles can be significantly less. a person will also have to pick just the right type of grout to make it all go together as well.
if a slab is really the only way to go, the best bet is to shop around as much as possible and see what cheaper options are available. not all granite is going to be super expensive, as a cheaper quality and a slab that is not as thick can be used. a granite that is a little bit softer is going to be cheaper, and sometimes people can get a discount on granite that is an unconventional color, or that has a rather boring design.
saving on costs associated with granite countertops
materials are always going to be somewhat costly for countertops, but there is a lot that goes into the entire installation process. only the most handy people out there will be able to actually install granite countertops, and it really is not advised for anyone who does not have professional training. however, there are some things that a person can do beforehand to save some money and to speed up the process.
every new countertop is replacing an old one, so getting that out beforehand can really be beneficial. a lot of companies will be attempting to include that in the final price, but if it is done, they can’t get away with it.
granite can also be treated by a person later on instead of asking for everything to be finished before being installed. for some, the unfinished look of granite is actually preferred. even after the installation, a finish can be applied rather easily without having to pay a professional to do it.
saving in the long run
granite countertops might catch attention for its beauty, but what some don’t realize is that the cost should be looked at more as an investment. kitchen countertops made of other materials are not really built to last for a generation. if treated properly, granite countertops won’t need replaced any time soon. in fact, they usually require very little maintenance, especially if they are properly finished on top.
just a minor accident can cause laminate or wood to chip or break if a person is not careful. it’s a frustrating experience for sure, but many people try to overlook it because they did not spend that much on the countertops. if a granite countertop ends up being twice as much but lasts twice as long, the end result is a pretty affordable price.
adding granite countertops can really take a kitchen to a new level. it’s an investment without question, but most people crunch the numbers and feel like granite countertops cost is worth it in the end. look at the numbers and see what type of budget is available. it might actually be something that ends up being the smartest move out there.
filed under: remodeling cost makita vs dewalt 20v cordless drill – who wins?
june 14, 2018 by john 
when we talk about cordless drills, there are quite a few brand names that come to our mind. and probably the two most significant of those names are dewalt and makita. when you’re choosing between a dewalt 20v drill and an 18v makita, you’re not going wrong either way. the dewalt is the best 20v cordless drill in its segment and the makita is the best 18v cordless drill too. however, there are certain differences between the two that could make or break your purchase decision. in this comparison article to find which is the best cordless drill, we shall stack the two against each other so that you know what fits the bill better.
let’s compare the two cordless drills:
dewalt 20v
if you fancy rotations per minute (rpm) in a cordless drill more than anything else, then you should take a look at the dewalt 20v drill. the speed with which it drives a screw via a wood post is amazing. the most important aspect, however, is the two-in-one design. the half inch chucks lets you interchange the chuck between an impact driver and power drill. the tools provide you the two-speed selection option: 500 and 1750 rpm. and the 500 in. lbs. of torque strength makes the tool perfect for regular, simple tasks such as repair jobs within the house.
the brushless motor is probably the most important feature of this drill. also, the smart chip within shall help ascertain the power requirements for different jobs. for instance, the brushless motor would exert increased power to drill in concrete compared to the power exertion when drilling into plywood. this feature makes work a lot more efficient and effective.
makita 18v
the makita 18v cordless drill is a lithium-ion battery-powered cordless drill that is potent enough to accompany you on pretty much any job site. equipped with a powerful impact driver that offers solid drive and control, the drill is robustly built to take some good amount of beating. the most convenient aspect is the battery, which can be charged within 10 minutes for some good amount of hardcore drilling.
this is a brushed model and weighs close to 3.3 pounds. it delivers 480 in. lbs. approximately, which is quite higher than comparable brushed models. also, its 1900 and 600 rpm two-speed transmission could be altered based on the job. though not looking the part, the makita 18v is a lot more heavy-duty than you can imagine. thanks to its strength, sturdiness, and ability to withstand pressure, it’s ideal for use at construction sites.
pros
dewalt 20v
• powerful and lightweight drill
• brushless design means lesser maintenance worries
• battery can last for quite some time
• two tools packaged as one
• price is fairly affordable
makita 18v
• higher power-to-size ratio
• for a brushed tool, the torque strength on offer is impressive
• built for heavy-duty tasks
• easy to carry around
cons
dewalt 20v
• torque strength could be higher
• maximum setting controls aren’t the best
• isn’t ideal for extremely heavy-duty tasks
makita 18v
• excessive chuck wobble
• battery and charger issues may arise
which drill to choose?
if your requirements are basic but you still want something powerful and quite capable of a variety of tasks, the dewalt should be it for you. it’s ergonomic and lightweight and the led lights make usage quite convenient. it’s also a lot more compact, which means you would not be stressing your arms much when using it.
however, if you’re requirements are a lot more hardcore or if you’re a professional looking for a secondary drilling machine, the makita 18v is what you should buy. overall, there isn’t much to complain in terms of specifications and performance between the two.
conclusion
both the tools have their set of advantages and disadvantages and they are equally good at what they are built for. most reputable cordless drill reviews online would vouch for both the drills. brushless and brushed drilling machines have their differences and those could be found in these machines. the differences in scope of work between the two must be taken into consideration too. the price differences aren’t that major but it’s worth mentioning that the dewalt is the inexpensive of the two.
filed under: best cordless drills what’s the difference between a cordless drill and a cordless impact driver?
june 13, 2018 by john 
battles involving power tools hardly ever get more intense than the match-up between the cordless drill and impact driver. granted, the former is still the more popular of the two across professional and household setting. the emergence of the impact driver as a more specialized tool means that this dominance is under threat. from a user’s perspective, stacking them side-by-side is crucial in understanding where each tool fits within a workshop.
why a cordless drill?
simply put, this is a power tool that has a boring mechanism fitted to one end. this is much similar to a corded drill, but what sets the two apart is that the cordless design doesn’t need to be tethered to a power socket when in action. instead, it has its own power source in the form of a battery/combination of batteries that makes up part of the package.
the ability to carry its own power means that cordless drills will always be more mobile than their corded counterparts. it’s this mobility that makes it the most popular power tool ever produced and, in most cases, what one starts with when building their toolbox. that aside, a typical cordless drill features a keyless chuck to take bits of different shapes. this makes it quite the versatile tool, especially when one takes into account other beneficial aspects of the best 20v cordless drill:

very effective on jobs requiring accuracy or delicacy
applies a uniform torque
the presence of a slip clutch, and with which torque can be varied.
the ability to accommodate multiple accessories, including brushes, rotary sanders, hole saws e.t.c.
relative affordability

still, the versatility for which cordless drills are prized has several disadvantages attached to it, including:

the tendency to stall when driving long fasteners
putting strain on the user
a high likelihood of stripping screws
the inability of the chuck to secure bits firmly in place.

what to love about a cordless impact driver?
(image source: justcordlessdrillreviews.com)
while similar to regular cordless drills in most respects, cordless impact drivers tend to be smaller, lighter and more powerful than the former. most models also substitute the standard keyless chuck with a hex drive system, a special quick-release mechanism that takes only hex-shanked driver bits. and while the cordless drill is commonly perceived as a general-purpose tool, an impact driver is designed specifically to drive threaded fasteners.
more noteworthy is the difference in the manner of operation — an impact driver combines torque with brute force to drive screws more efficiently than a standard drill. it also reacts to resistance by increasing the torque automatically, thus keeping the bit secured to the screw head. other benefits that derive from the features typical of the best 20v impact driver include:

driving screws with little effort, and without the need for a pilot hole.
thanks to the smaller construction, an impact driver offers a huge advantage when working in tight spaces, and when driving screws from an awkward position.
minimal risk of stripping screws, ruining bits and, by extension, sustaining a wrist injury.

as for the drawbacks, cordless impact drivers:

always cost more than cordless drills
tend to be noisier
aren’t as effective as their standard counterparts at drilling holes
only accept hex-style bits

cordless impact driver vs cordless drill — which should you choose?

now that you have a good idea of how each of them works, it’s worth going over the differences between cordless drills and cordless impact drivers. for starters, a cordless drill applies most of its output torque directly onto the bit, while an impact driver exerts it in a perpendicular direction. for this reason, the mode of action gets more complicated when you switch from a drill to an impact driver.
from a practical perspective, the cordless drill’s sweet spot includes applications such as:

drilling holes in soft material
driving screws into soft material, albeit on a limited scale
loosening and tightening bolts that don’t require too much torque

it’s fair to say that cordless drills excel more in projects that involve drilling and driving fasteners into soft material, and at a steady pace. in the case of an impact driver, this includes:

driving large-diameter fasteners
driving screws into dense material
working on stuck/tightly-fitted bolts
other applications that require driving lots of screws quickly, but without any regard to their depth on the surface.

in a nutshell, both the cordless drill and impact driver have their own dedicated roles within a workshop setting. besides, the latest trends in the market have indicated that these two could merge into a super-tool that offers the versatility and precision of a drill, plus the impact driver’s raw power. not to forget that there’s a wide range of tool kits that come with both included in the package.
filed under: best cordless drills primary sidebarsearch this website

recent posts


top 5 water filtration systems for your home


granite countertops cost buyer’s guide


makita vs dewalt 20v cordless drill – who wins?


what’s the difference between a cordless drill and a cordless impact driver?


5 tools every wood worker should have



 


copyright © 2025 · metro pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in






