

currentobituary.net - nationwide online obituary service - funeral web sites and national obituary site for funeral directors - obituaries and guestbooks
























 
currentobituary.net



 
national 
          online obituary service for funeral directors 


 
how it works
 pricing
 about 
          us  contact us
 faq
 sign 
      up 


 see 
      the current obituaries


 



 

                    welcome
funeral directors! 



 
currentobituary.net is proud 
                        to introduce our new national online current obituary service 
                        for funeral service professionals. the internet is the fastest 
                        growing business opportunity ever and the funeral industry's 
                        internet presence is growing at a rapid pace.
currentobituary.net 
                    is the business agent of currentobituary.com. 
                    currentobituary.com has been designed to be a simple and reliable 
                    resource for both funeral directors and the public. our site functions 
                    just as the newspaper, in that there are no empty pages, and obituaries 
                    are listed geographically.
obituaries 
                    and funeral home sites are specialty. our electronic death page has been well recieved 
                    by search engines, and traffic growth has been great.
whether 
                        you have a web site, or not, currentobituary.net can provide 
                        you with one of the fastest, most reliable connections, advanced 
                        features, and most of all a high internet search engine exposure 
                        for your obituaries and site.
we have 
                        affiliate programs designed to increase your internet exposure 
                        and traffic on your present site, and or add obituaries to 
                    your site, or create a complete site for you.




control panel - our control panel allows you to control every aspect of the account. this has major advantages to you and can handle management, of easy to use features, from any location with internet access.
features - we offer all of the most popular listing features, making it easier for you to display your obituaries. we have a guestbook/condolence feature, guestbook moderation feature, u s flag feature for veterans, number of days to display before automatic archiving feature, fully searchable archives, photograph insertion feature, and more! seamless integration into existing sites by our webmasters, or yours. new flower selling option available. 

 
support - if you need assistance, we support you by e-mail and by phone.
price - save $ off regular listing fees. we have several service programs to suit most needs. discontinue service at any time.
network - we are connected on net with 3 backbones qwest, genuity (gte) and frontier globalcenter. all are minimum oc-3 connections to insure your obituaries load fast all of the time.





 how it works pricing about 
          us contact us faq sign 
          up


  

e-mail us or contact sean@800-634-1900
                  















 






some sites using our network




blanchardfc.com
bedrosianfuneralhome.com
bowen-donaldson.com


franklinfuneral.com
gfdoherty.com
ginleyfuneralhomes.com


oconnorbrothers.com
peabodyfuneralhome.com
perryfuneral.com


reardonfuneral.com
racicotfuneralhome.com
potterfuneralservice.com


torffuneralservice.com
worcesterfuneral.com
hartfordcommunityfh.com


southcoastfuneralhome.com
wilkinsonbeane.com
rairighfh.com




© 2001-2013 currentobituary.net. all right reserved.
currentobituary.net is a wholly owned subsidiary of funeralhomewebsite.com
visit our affiliate funeralkiosk.com 

 
accepted







