



villa rentals and property management in st. john usvi | carefree getaways































homepage & specials;

our villas

all villas
1 bedroom
2 bedrooms
3 bedrooms
4 bedrooms
5+ bedrooms


availability
reservations
villa map
about us
policies 

st. john usvi vacation villa rentals and property management


carefree getaways is located right here on sunny st. john!
we provide that extra personalized care to our guests.
we have been on-island for 30 years, and can give that personal, detailed information about each villa, call us and chat about your vacation!
for nearly three decades, we offer you a delightful variety of st john usvi vacation villas, private homes, cottages and condos on the most popular island in the us virgin islands, with vacation rentals suitable for every size, budget and occasion. you will find our st. john villa rentals are some of the most beautiful and varied in the usvi.
browse our villas to find the your perfect st john vacation rental, or call us and we'll make recommendations to help you decide which one is best for your next memorable st. john vacation!














last minute vacation specials



there are currently no specials





tweets by @carefreegetaway



st. john villa guest services by carefree

	from your initial call or e-mail, host cindy ward will help you choose the st. john villa best suited to your needs. 
	to make your caribbean vacation at our st. john villa rentals as carefree as possible, we provide the following services: 
 	

provide rental car information for you.
reserve private taxi service to take you from the st. thomas airport to the ferry dock in red hook.
cindy or one of our friendly staff will greet you at the st. john ferry dock, take you to your rental car agency and lead you to your st. john villa.
we are on call during business hours for advice on where to dine, swim, snorkel, hike, rent kayaks, powerboats, windsurfers, etc.
refer you to: wedding coordinators, catering services, dive companies, day sails and charter boat excursions.
grocery / provisioning delivery: we can help arrange.

carefree getaways on st. john welcomes you to our lovely island of st. john in the united states virgin islands. enjoy the caribbean tropics from a us territory. st. john villa rentals are some of the most beautiful and varied in the caribbean. our st. john villas are located on an island which is two thirds national park and therefore pristine and uncrowded. all of our st. john villa rentals have sparkling sea views, most have a/c in the bedrooms, a pool and/or spa.

carefree getaways st. john villa rentals
	all of our st. john villa rentals are privately owned and fully equipped for your vacation relaxation and pleasure. each st. john villa provides linens, paper products, cookware, microwave and the usual kitchen appliances; ceiling fans, telephones with answering machines, irons and ironing boards, gas or charcoal grills, coolers, beach towels and chairs, cable tv, vcr or dvds and cd stereo systems.  with few exceptions, each st. john villa rental offers washer/dryers and dishwashers, as well. **please note: any gatherings larger than the number of guests confirmed and paying for their stay at our villas are subject to carefree getaways and the home owner's approval. additional fees will apply if the gathering is approved. please inquire for further details.
	

real estate info from our associate, american paradise real estate




homepage & specials • all villas • one bedroom villas • two bedroom villas • three bedroom villas • four bedroom villas • five+ bedroom villas
availability • reservations • villa map • about us • policies

carefree get-aways on st. john, usvi
						© 2003-2024 carefree getaways, all rights reserved

1-888-643-6002 or 340-779-4070 (8am - 1pm)

e-mail: info@carefreegetaways.com

						carefree getaways cannot be held responsible for the periodic outages in electric, internet and cable service which we experience on this island.
					    

rental and cancellation policies
our villas are rented on a weekly basis (seven nights) plus 12.5% hotel tax.
we will allow a 5 or 6 night rental provided that it meets an existing reservation during off-season dates.
to secure your reservation, payment in the amount of 50% of total rental is required with a non-refundable $35 reservation and $35 security deposit waiver fee, total of $70. the balance of rental money is due 60 days prior to arrival.
payments may be made by personal, cashiers or certified checks.
we also accept credit card payments from visa or mastercard for an additional 7% fee.
last minute rentals require payment by credit card or a certified bank check, overnight mail (call for details).
cancellation: no deposits will be refunded unless a replacement rental is obtained.
                                                    should you be forced to cancel for any reason and a replacement rental is obtained, your deposit will be refunded less a 20% administrative fee.
travel insurance: we strongly recommend you obtain travel insurance. we do not issue credit for personal or natural emergencies. you can get the up-to-date rates and policies from multiple carriers by visiting forbes advisor.  **please note that we are simply providing this link as a free service for guests and cannot make recommendations.  we encourage you to research the best policy for your travels.
rates are subject to change at any time. when your initial payment is received your rate is locked in.
st. john's economy is thriving and many homes and condos are being built. construction is everywhere on island and can begin anywhere at any time. we are not responsible for construction noise and appreciate your understanding in those areas where construction exists. typically construction begins at 7am and ends 3:30pm.








