










rhode island college | rhode island college























skip to main site navigation
skip to main content
























search

















apply


visit


get information


give






for you


alumni


applicants


athletes


career seekers


current students


donors


eep students


employers and recruiters


faculty


military/veterans


orientation participants


researchers


returning to ric


staff


visitors-arts & events










admissions & financial aid



admissions & financial aid

undergraduate admissions
rhode island college offers the most affordable high-quality four-year degree in the region. get started now on your journey to success.


graduate admissions
rhode island college ranks number one among public master’s universities in new england according to washington monthly. the fastest and most affordable path to your advanced degree begins here.


professional studies and continuing education
whether you’re trying to advance your career through professional development or jumpstart your education through workforce development or cultural programs, ric offers a range of flexible non-degree and certificate programs to meet your needs. get started now.






orientation for new students


request information


visit our campus


tuition & fees


financial aid for incoming undergraduate students


financial aid for incoming graduate students


scholarship opportunities






academics



academics

undergraduate programs
the path to career advancement begins at rhode island college. find your start at rhode island college by viewing the list of our degrees and programs.


graduate programs
even now in these uncertain times, we must be bold. there is no better time to advance your career with a graduate degree from rhode island college.


professional studies and continuing education
whether you’re trying to advance your career through professional development or jumpstart your education through workforce development or cultural programs, ric offers a range of flexible non-degree and certificate programs to meet your needs. get started now.






our schools


general education


honors program


graduate studies


certificate programs


credits for prior learning and experience


early enrollment program


academic support and resources


academic calendar


college catalog






campus life



campus life





living on campus


dining at ric


housing and dining costs


getting involved


health and wellness


safety on campus


explore providence and rhode island


school/life balance


sustainability on campus






about



about





new at ric


mission, vision & core values


diversity, equity & inclusion


our history


leadership


accreditation


strategic plan


institutional data


disclosures & policies


student consumer information


campus map






athletics
















a college of opportunity


apply now








choose your future, choose ric
opportunity to succeed


high quality programs. the best value in education. start here...


explore our academic programs












hope scholarship
the hope scholarship, only at ric, offers a 4-year degree with the last 2 years tuition-free.



check your eligibility














visit campus
come see all that ric has to offer! our guided tours give visitors an opportunity to explore our vibrant campus.



schedule a campus visit














transfer to ric
rhode island college makes transferring easy, affordable, and focused on your personal success.



start the transfer process















opportunity to thrive
a vibrant and inclusive educational community awaits you.

get to know ric










this february – join us for anchor for a day!

on february 16, 17, 18 or 19 – attend a ric class, tour campus, have lunch in our dining center, and spend the night in a residence hall. come see what it's like to be a ric student!

contact us with questions










sign up to audition for our music, theatre, and dance programs

music, theatre, and dance auditions are coming up soon! this february, march, april, and may – follow your passion and audition to join our performing arts programs.

explore all undergraduate programs










reserve a spot at our virtual msn and ms-dnp nursing information session

don't miss the chance to explore our master of science in nursing (msn) and doctor of nursing practice (dnp). take the next step towards advancing your nursing career. attendees receive an application fee waiver code!

explore our graduate nursing programs



opportunity to learn more
take the first step towards your future.

request information today







the ric advantage




our nationally recognized programs and affordability make rhode island college the best value for a four-year college degree in the region.


schedule a campus visit






workspace_premium



          proud to be a hispanic and minority serving institution.
        






        14:1
      

              student-to-faculty ratio offers personalized learning.
          





        -40%
      


          northeast neighbors discount off out-of-state tuition.
        










ric news










a nuanced understanding of identity, race, social justice and injustice


amplifying the joy in the black community rather than the pain.







ai bachelor's program one of first in region


the age of ai is shaping our future. are you ready for it?







98% job placement rate for medical imaging


"we have students getting jobs before they graduate."







to educators, the classroom is a calling



the demand for passionate, qualified educators has never been greater.







ric poised to lead in cybersecurity


cisa director jen easterly discusses the nation’s vital need for cybersecurity with former u.s. rep. langevin at his institute’s launch.







the rising demand for mental health professionals



ric offers an m.s. in clinical mental health counseling.







using high-tech simulators to educate future nurses



rhode island college school of nursing — a regional leader in innovation and simulation.







grad school to dcyf deputy director


brandi didino, whose love and life purpose has been child welfare for almost 20 years, recommends all social workers pursue an m.s.w.









upcoming events






ric dance company 69th annual spring dance concert


  join us for a ric dance company performance on february 14 & 15, 7:30–9 pm and february 16, 1–2:30 pm.





event_note friday, february 14
 - sunday, february 16, 2025

access_time various times

place
sapinsley hall in the nazarian center






anchor for a day


  experience what it's like to be a ric student!





event_note sunday, february 16
 - wednesday, february 19, 2025

access_time various times

place
                          ric campus - various locations
                      





ric chamber orchestra february performance


  the chamber orchestra at rhode island college, directed by john sumerlin, features student soloists as they perfect their performing skills. admission is free.





event_note sunday, february 16, 2025

access_time 4:00
 - 5:00pm


place
nazarian center, 198






an evening of black excellence


  attend black history month's flagship event. join us for an evening of black excellence. this networking dinner aims to connect black leaders future and present across rhode island and across industries.





event_note wednesday, february 19, 2025

access_time 5:00
 - 6:30pm


place
student union ballroom






ramell ross exhibition


  ramell ross presents a truncated look at his photo book with a new exhibition of large-scale photographs and mixed-media sculptures for bannister gallery at rhode island college.





event_note thursday, february 20
 - friday, march 21, 2025

access_time all day


place
bannister gallery






ramell ross exhibition opening reception


  join us for the opening reception of ramell ross's exhibition of large-scale photographs and mixed-media sculptures for bannister gallery at rhode island college.





event_note thursday, february 20, 2025

access_time 4:00
 - 7:00pm


place
bannister gallery









view more events










request information


visit


apply









click to return to the home page




place
600 mount pleasant avenue providence, ri 02908


local_phone
401-456-8000


email
theweb@ric.edu


web accessibility








admissions & financial aid


academics


campus life


about


athletics










contact a person at ric


contact an office at ric


adams library







social media links


facebook




instagram




linkedin




threads




twitter









©2025 rhode island college. all rights reserved.


digital privacy statement















