






shsmf









































search for:





recent posts


advantages of quality sleep


save money on e cigarettes


benefits of the right dog food


your guide for passing a drug test


welcome! we are poised to promote research at shsmf


archives

april 2021
january 2019

 


skip to content





shsmf
promoting research



widgets











posted on april 6, 2021 in health 
advantages of quality sleep 

a good night’s sleep, on a consistent basis, plays an integral role in optimal overall health. quality sleep allows most individuals to feel energized throughout the day. the opposite is true for those who sleep restlessly on a continuous basis. these individuals often feel sluggish and are constantly fighting the urge to sleep during day. this could cause serious physical and mental stress.
however, having a good mattress can prevent you from enduring the hassles of sleep deficiency, which can result in the development of poor overall health. in addition, it can assist you in feeling invigorated all throughout the day. some of the benefits that can be achieved from sleeping on a quality mattress are highlighted below:
respite from pain
old mattresses often have lumps and provide improper support. this could end up causing pain in the joints, back and other parts of the body. if you are currently sleeping on an old mattress and craving more restful sleep, purchasing a new one should be a serious consideration. new mattresses have modern components to assist you in sleeping more restfully throughout the night.
ergonomically-appropriate materials and advanced technology are used in the design of these new mattresses to promote sleep. quality mattresses will conform to your body shape and provide comfort accordingly. additionally, they will significantly contribute to boosting your health and properly aligning your spine. a supportive mattress will align your spine properly so that pressure points do not develop into painful problems.
enhanced memory
humans spend close to one-third of our lives in bed. therefore, sleeping on a mattress that provides optimum support and comfort is extremely vital. an old, lumpy mattress can greatly contribute to lack of sleep, which could result in loss of memory. while sleeping, your brain concentrates on calming you down and strengthening vital memories of things absorbed during the day. for instance, if you spent time during the day revising for an exam, quality sleep will assist you with recalling what was studied.
alleviate allergy issues
frequently, old mattresses are infested with microorganisms that can trigger allergic reactions. these parasites can negatively impact your skin and your hair. old mattresses are the ideal breeding ground for dust mites and mold. a number of persons are unaware that their mattresses could be the cause of their acne, sneezing, runny eyes and respiratory problems. being mindful of these matters and purchasing a new mattress is a great way to eliminate the potential of becoming ill.
a trimmer body
sleeping restfully on a consistent basis can assist individuals in losing weight and maintaining a leaner body. on the contrary, restlessness could result in individuals gaining weight and losing muscle mass. this is large because our brains simultaneously handle sleep and metabolism. furthermore, drowsiness can significantly contribute to hunger and this, in turn, causes many individuals to eat during periods they would typically be sleeping.
sharper attention skills
consistent quality sleep contributes directly to the capacity of our bodies and brains to recuperate and reinvigorate themselves. however, sleep deficiencies could result in behavioral issues like impulsiveness, hyperactivity, and inactiveness. this is particularly so in children who do not get to sleep at least 8 hours each day. to achieve and preserve a healthy mind, it is essential for kids to get a minimum of 8 hours of sleep every night. in addition, this could prevent children from becoming bogged down with conditions such as attention deficit disorder.
the advantages of a quality mattress extend beyond the time spent in bed. the wholesome benefits of consistent restfulness remain throughout the day. to live a healthier and happier life that is free from sleep-inducing ailments, investing in a new mattress is vital.
have a consultation with your doctor
for individuals afflicted with existing health conditions, it is essential that you consult with a doctor or physical therapist to discuss his or her recommendations. even though doctors are not official authorities on mattresses, these medical professionals are knowledgeable about your health condition and its symptoms. as such, they typically have wide-ranging recommendations from that angle.
mattress coupons 2018
with a nolah mattress discount or a nectar mattress coupon, you will be able to gain all the benefits of a first-class mattress, at a reduced cost.










posted on april 6, 2021 in health 
save money on e cigarettes 

electronic cigarette starter kits normally cost around $70 a piece. however, you will still need e-liquid, accessories and other supplies, such as a charging kit that can charge several batteries at a time. buying all these items at once  can be incredibly costly. that is why consumers should always take their time to compare products as well as their prices. doing some window shopping will enable you to find the right product at the right price at the best vendor. therefore, you should take your time to do the necessary research as this will ensure you make the right decision.
using e-cig coupons
there are many ecig dealers online as well as hundreds of reputable ecig brands that come at different prices. this means that finding the right product at the right price will take some time. once you have identified a product that can meet your needs, you should compare the prices quoted by different vendors and choose a vendor with the most competitive pricing. the ideal ecig dealer should also offer coupons to help reduce the cost of purchasing the product. for instance, you can use vuse coupons to reduce the purchase price of the starter kit, batteries, e-liquids and other vaping supplies.
one of the best places to do your shopping is at the direct vapor ecig outlet. the firm stocks the widest range of products that are competitively priced. furthermore, the firm offers a wide range of coupons that can save you a lot of money. since there are many coupons offered by the company, you need to check the type of purchases each of those coupons can be used for as well as the percentage discount you can get from each of those coupons. obviously, coupons offering the biggest discounts should be selected. since coupons also have expiry dates, be sure to take your time to check whether or not a coupon has expired before making a decision.
how to choose the right e-cig
there are many factors that you need to consider when comparing ecig products. they include;
i) battery power
the battery that comes with an e-cig should be checked to ensure you find the right vaping product. you do not want to charge the ecig battery several times a day or run out of power when you need your dose of nicotine urgently. therefore, you should choose an e-cig with the highest battery capacity, in terms of mah. anything over 1,000mah is a decent battery. however, you should also check the operating current. the ideal ecig should have a high operating current, around 20a.
ii) size
if you want a discrete ecig that you can walk around with anywhere you go, be sure to pay attention to the size of the ecig. there are pen-like ecig products, so you may want to consider looking for this type of ecig. however, if you need a product with a high battery capacity and tank capacity, and size is not an issue, you should look for a product that meets your specifications regardless of the size.
iii) reputation
you can learn a lot about a product by reading reviews and testimonials. for this reason, you should read several reviews and testimonials for each of the products you have shortlisted to ensure you find the most reputable ecig product.
iv) pricing
obviously, the price is a key factor of consideration. you will need to compare the prices quoted for the starter kits for the different types of ecig products. be sure to also check what’s included in the kit before making a purchase. after all, some kits may have additional items, such as an extra coil for the ecig atomizer or spare battery. whatever the case, be sure to do a thorough comparison of the products to ensure you find the most competitively priced e-cig.
why switch to vaping?
health experts have been warning consumers for decades to quit smoking as the habit can kill them. despite these pleas, there are still over a billion cigarette smokers around the world. it is a fact that smoking causes cancer and many other health problems. this is the only reason a person needs to switch from smoking cigarettes to vaping.










posted on april 6, 2021 in health 
benefits of the right dog food 

feeding your dog well-balanced, high-quality food is one of the best things you can do to keep your pet healthy. the right food for your dog will keep its coat from looking healthy, sleek and shiny. in addition, it will contribute to a stronger immune system and stimulate a vigorous digestive system. however, as it relates to picking out dog food, there are seemingly endless options and this can become overwhelming.
picking out the right food for your dog is among the biggest contributors its longevity and overall quality of life. moreover, it is vital to realize that similar to human nutrition, the food with the best taste is normally not as nutritious as less tasty foods. the “tasty bits” contained in certain dog food is typical to satisfy a human being’s emotional needs more than to provide nourishment for the dog.
doggy nourishment
the right food for your dog would satisfy all its dietary needs. most brands of dog food are made specifically with a minimum of the nourishment needed by your dog. however, it should be kept in mind that the nutritional needs of all dogs are different.
it is essential for dogs to get a diversity of nutrients in varying quantities during their lifetime. the nutrients required by puppies vary from those of adult dogs. as such, feeding your pet an “all life stages” brand or puppy formula is a great idea.
myths and misrepresentation about doggy nutrition
there is a remarkable volume of misinformation regarding nourishment for dogs on the internet. as such, it is vital to check the sources. there are many well-intentioned people who make certain claims but provide no supporting scientific evidence. as you conduct your own research, see whether there is a credible source backing the information. reliable sources would include information from a reputable veterinarian, a nutritionist or a scientific study.
best food for your puppy
the nutritional requirements of dogs change throughout the different stages of their lives. essentially, a puppy’s nutritional needs are distinct from the requirements of an active adult dog. in addition, adult dogs have particular nutritional considerations. for the most part, dog food companies manufacture foods formulated specifically for the different stages of a dog’s life. this eases the process of narrowing down your options. if you are currently unsure of the best food for your dog, you can ask your veterinarian for help.
the nutrient balance of puppies is distinct from adult dogs. this is especially so for puppies from a larger breed, as their growth entails careful monitoring to avert disease of the joints and bones. some puppies will do perfectly well being fed food with a “for all life stages” or “puppy food” label. essentially, the breed and size of your puppy will play a huge role in deciding the best food.
food for small and large breed dogs
the nutritional needs of a dog largely depend on its size. smaller dogs are less susceptible to musculoskeletal problems than their larger counterparts. as such, it is usually necessary for larger dogs to be fed food that has better balances of particular nutrients to promote musculoskeletal health. large kibbles intended to feed larger dogs could be a choking hazard for smaller dogs. additionally, smaller dogs have their own specific nutritional needs. conduct research to determine whether your dog has any special nutritional requirements you should know about.
at the end of the day, the best food for your dog is one on which you have to decide. as an owner, you have regular access to your dog. if it is fit and active, with firm stool and a hearty appetite, the food being consumed is most likely working satisfactorily.
during this process, your veterinarian will be able to provide you with valuable information. his or her vast knowledge about pet nutrition can assist you in choosing the best food for your dog. furthermore, these professionals can access resources and research findings that are inaccessible to the average dog owner. they can provide you with remarkable assistance in narrowing down the choices. best of all, vets are typically willing and ready to help.
with this coupon, you will have discounted access to top-quality brand s of doggy nourishment like merrick dog food.










posted on april 6, 2021 in health 
your guide for passing a drug test 

an increasing number of industries these days insist on drug tests. the tests are held before or after the personal interview. the rules with respect to the drug testing are also becoming stringent by the day. in many companies, even stellar academic or professional accomplishments cannot save you from rejection, if you fail a drug test. several leading state-run organizations such as the fbi have what is known as a ‘zero-tolerance’ policy towards drug use by anyone working with them. if you are caught in an unfortunate situation, wherein you feel that there are drugs in your system but need to attend a job interview, then there is help available in the form of test clear coupon codes. now, testclear has been in this business for over 7 years now and offers drug testing solutions to help people pass saliva tests, urine drug tests, and hair follicle drug tests.
different tests
one of the easiest ways to find out whether a person has traces of drugs in his or her bloodstream is through a urine test. the test is undertaken by a vast majority of organizations because it is easier to find specific drug abuse using this method. similarly, hair-follicle drug tests are also popular among organizations. hairs contain plenty of information. for example, with hair-follicle tests, one can find out a lot about what are the foods that you have eaten recently or what are the drugs that you have consumed in the past couple of weeks. there are some drugs whose traces can be found in the hair shaft even after a couple of months too. then there are the blood tests. with them, one can find out whether someone has taken drugs recently.
passing a drug test
it goes without saying that the best way to avoid a drug test is by not taking any drugs. however, if you have taken them in recent weeks, then there are two options available to you.
total detox
one way to ensure that you remove traces of the drug from your bloodstream is by undergoing a complete detox routine. this would involve changes in your diet and lifestyle. you will need to take a lot of natural foods such as raw vegetables, whole grains, and fruits, as part of your daily diet. you must also drink plenty of water. getting adequate sleep and exercise are the other lifestyle changes that you need to make. all this will help flush out the toxins from your body. you can also find several products on testclear that you can use for your detox routine. a coupon will ensure that you can get these products at a discount too.
detox shampoos
then you have the detox shampoos. these shampoos are usually made up of natural ingredients that help in removing traces of drugs from the hair shafts. make sure that you are washing your hair at least 2-3 times per day using the shampoo. you can find great offers on detox shampoos if you were to use coupon codes. there are also several online sources from where you can get recipes for preparing your own purification shampoos too. in fact, most of the ingredients that are used in such shampoos would be easily available in your kitchen. you can prepare shampoos with everyday products such as vinegar, baking soda, detergent, lemon, and ginger.
test kits
there are also urine kits available that can help you clear a drug test. the kit consists of a urinator and powdered urine. then there are also urine additives that can help mask any drugs in your system. a simple online search would help you find online stores for these products. testclear for example offers specialized kits.
one of the best ways to go about the process would be to undergo any of these tests on your own. this will help you find out where you stand currently, with respect to the results. this will help you make the right plan towards preparing for the test and choosing a method to beat the test. you can also try out a combination of methods too. for example, along with a strict detox diet regime, you can also use purification shampoos regularly. remember, it is all about diligent planning and implementation of the same.










posted on january 30, 2019january 30, 2019 in uncategorized 
welcome! we are poised to promote research at shsmf 

welcome to shsmf.org. promoting research that we have
studied is the primary focus of this website. while we’re reporting on subjects
relating to health and wellness, you may also find that some articles are
nutrition related, or “harm reduction” related as well since that is a point of
interest to some of us.
as i write this introduction, i am reminded also that i have
a particular interest in certain fitness trends, and because i have a former
in-law who has suffered from substance abuse, i may be writing about that as
well.
i know that this is still looking a little undone, but i
needed to at least welcome you and introduce you to a few of the things that i
and my friends are going to be covering here. we have other jobs, so i don’t
know how quickly we’ll be posting (or even how often), but if you happen to
stumble upon us when you search for something, please know that we’ll be back
soon. 










proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: hew by wordpress.com.		








