




















































knottie by nature — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































knottie
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














knottie







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement




knottie by nature — livejournal(recent entries)
(archive)
(friends)
(profile)
 (knottie by nature) navigate: (previous 10 entries)
(my crochet projects)

favorite webtoons: 
(queen of wands)
(two lumps (kitties!))

jun. 4th, 201306:12 pm - meet declanhe'll be 4 weeks old tomorrow, so i guess it's about time to introduce him.  he was born may 8, weighing 6lb 14oz and 20.25 inches long.i am so in love, it's almost overwhelming.(2 comments | leave a comment)mar. 4th, 201309:52 am - posting slackeri keep meaning to post here, but lj is where i really talk about stuff, unlike facebook.  and when i have a secret, i kind of feel like i can't talk at all because i just want to spill...and then it becomes a habit that lasts way past the duration of the secret, if that makes sense?  i can't be the only one who does this :-panyhow, my secret was that i was pregnant at the beginning of last year; just as i was getting to the point where we felt it was "safe" to share the good news--we got bad news.  i had a missed miscarriage, and the aftermath was traumatic both physically and emotionally.  i couldn't talk about it then, at all, and couldn't talk about anything else either.  that baby was so loved, so wanted, and such a long time coming.well, things get better when you have someone to lean on, and s was my rock.  and eventually i got pregnant again, but i really, really couldn't talk about it for way past that 12 week mark, out of fear.  i finally outed myself on facebook a few weeks ago, and now here.  i'm at 30 weeks +, due in early may, and so very excited.  i can feel the baby move, which dispels a lot of fear, and i know he's a boy, and we can't wait to meet him.(4 comments | leave a comment)mar. 30th, 201211:16 am - i have actually been doing things..i've just been a lousy blogger.  but here's a skirt i just made (in time for it to be out of season, natch)(1 comment | leave a comment)jan. 9th, 201201:58 pmi haven't posted in a loooooong time.  i keep meaning to, thinking of things i want to say, but it's never a priority.  i'm not really a writer--i'm good at it when i want to be, and i love to read, but i'm not driven to write.but i asked a friend what creative type of idea is nagging at them lately, so i thought i should answer it myself.  i have a few actually--things i end up sketching out during meetings.  they're competing for space in my head.one is a long term idea--andrea and i are working on creating sewing patterns that will really, truly fit us, so the problems of good fit have been circling in my brain for months.  i want to create a website that will allow people to measure themselves and track those numbers, compare them to other people to find "similarly" shaped people, and potentially exchange information about what brands fit best in which sizes, and what clothes look best on them, etc.  but i have no idea how useful anyone else would find that, so the idea just circulates.my other obsession is a quilt pattern, but that is at a more tangible stage; i'll post pictures if i think of it.  it's tessellated equilateral triangles, which appeals strongly to my math sense.and my third nagging idea is another website, but this one is in development, so i'll try and post about that once i'm ready to beta it.  i feel like talking about it at this stage will jinx it somehow...so that's all for now.  and hi!(leave a comment)apr. 13th, 201110:00 am - new kitchen curtainsi've been obsessed with the idea of making "corn" curtains for my new kitchen since we moved in, and determined to do something to tone down the blue quotient in that room.  i'm soooo happy with how they're turning out.  i have valances done for 3 of the 4 windows.  still to do, make 3 sets of cafe curtains for the bottom halves, and one set of pull back curtains for the last window, complete with little green bows.they're disgustingly cheerful :-d(1 comment | leave a comment)feb. 9th, 201101:27 pm - christmas 2010 craftsnow that i've finally finished the presents i made and the recipients have opened them (i was only a month late, lol.  good thing it was for family) i can post pictures:i turned an ankle length denim skirt into a purse/shoulder bag for my mom; i have some of it left for another smaller purse.  i might finish that one by august for her birthday.( more after the cutcollapse )(leave a comment)jan. 25th, 201103:07 pm - stuffi should post some updated pictures of the house.  i mean, it looks pretty much the same, i guess, but now it's somehow us.  my craft room is really pretty, but it's a mess so i've held off taking pics.  also, i really want another bookcase in there, but haven't had the money or time to find what i envision.the front parlor looked *so* pretty at christmas; you could see our tree from the street, and we put candles in the windows, and lights on the front porch supports.  i'm still getting used to shoveling the walk and driveway--i can't quite manage it all at once, but luckily the driveway is flat so i haven't had a problem getting out if it isn't cleared.i did a lot of baking in my new kitchen, and enjoyed it a lot, but now it's time to tighten my belt a bit.  ate too many brown sugar cookies.  my weight has been creeping up over the last few years, and that's a health problem.  plus my jeans are tight, and i don't want to buy new ones darn it.  i'd rather spend money on quilting.  it's so hard; i just like food.  and i don't like yogurt.  tried again yesterday; verdict-still don't like yogurt.  i was hoping i could make that my go-to breakfast, but i just can't do it.(leave a comment)sep. 19th, 201007:04 pm - productive weekendi made 4 pints of plain chunky apple sauce, 4 pints of spiced chunky apple sauce, 4 pints of spiced peaches, 1 cheesecake (didn't set properly), moved 8 wheelbarrow full loads of mulch, did two loads of laundry, planted flowers and sewed a badge holder.  oh, and finished one more step of my homemade roman shade.  i feel like i got a lot done, but i'm probably going to regret those 8 loads of mulch tomorrow!  been a desk jockey too long.(leave a comment)jun. 28th, 201001:38 pm - our new homeso, last week we bought an antique.  a really, really big antique.  it was built some time in the 1870s (we think), is 3 bedroom, 2 bath, and is awesome and quirky and has tons of cabinet space in the kitchen.  i've uploaded pictures here to capture the "before".  we're mostly just painting and taking down wallpaper inside, but outside we have our work cut out for us.i can't decide which thrills me more--kitchen storage and counter space, or the beautiful little room that's going to be my craft room!  :-d(3 comments | leave a comment)mar. 31st, 201003:57 pm - craft spacesince we hardly ever ate at the table anyhow, i get to use our dining room space (which flows right into our living room--"open" floorplan style) for my craft area.  the down side is that i have to keep the space reasonably tidy-a real challenge for me.  recently i tackled making it more organizedmy desk is actually a counter/bar height dining room table.  we had it made to my specs at naked furniture; i had looked at a bunch of prefab options, but i wanted solid wood.  something i'd be able to sand down and refinish if i need to in ten years.  the bonus is that if we decide it doesn't work for my crafting anymore, we can buy chairs and make it a dining room table again.( see more...collapse )(leave a comment)navigate: (previous 10 entries)




























