

 

















kult of athena: swords, weapons, armor & more

















































































































 







 







skip to content
 
the largest collection of swords, weapons and more from the bronze age to world war ii
homenewcontact 


 kult of athena
swords, shields, medieval weapons, larp & clothing


menu
swords open submenu for "swords"
close menu
european swords
katana swords
bare blades
asian swords
longswords
sword parts
middle eastern, indian & n. african swords
short swords
sword care & maintenance
us civil war swords
military swords
sword stands & displays
modern tactical swords
belly dance swords
cutting targets
fantasy swords
sword canes
plastic & wood training swords


weapons open submenu for "weapons"
close menu
knives & daggers
spears & spearheads
archery
axes, hatchets & tomahawks
poleaxes & polehammers
practice weapons
maces
halberds
pre-owned weapons
flails
glaives & bardiches
other weapons
war hammers
asian polearms


armor open submenu for "armor"
close menu
build your own set
helmets
leather armor
hema armor & protective gear
full suits of armor
samurai armor
plate armor
padded armor
women’s armor
roman armor
pre-owned armor
chainmail armor
lamellar armor
brigandine armor
scale armor
armor accessories
greek armor


shields open submenu for "shields"
close menu
greek shields
viking & norman shields
bucklers & small shields
fantasy shields
shield bosses
roman shields
scottish targes
medieval shields


clothing open submenu for "clothing"
close menu
koa t-shirts & merch
accessories
vests
cloaks, capes & robes
belts, baldrics & buckles
pre-owned clothing
shirts
armor grade gambesons
hats & headwear
women’s clothing
tunics
gloves & gauntlets
children’s clothing
pants, kilts & shorts
footwear & legwear
coats, dublets & light gambesons
medieval clothing


accessories open submenu for "accessories"
close menu
books & dvds
medieval furniture
bags & pouches
smoking pipes
tents & camping gear
eating & drinking
statues & decor
reenactment supplies
pre-owned accessories
stands & displays
scabbards & sheaths
leather journals
locks, cuffs & shackles
miniature weapons & armor


larp weapons & gear open submenu for "larp weapons & gear"
close menu
foam larp swords
foam larp spears, polearms & staffs
foam larp throwing knives
foam larp shields
masks, make-up & prosthetics
foam larp axes
foam larp daggers & knives
foam larp props & accessories
foam larp maces, clubs & hammers
larp weapon maintenance & repair
larp sword sheaths & weapon frogs


sport combat open submenu for "sport combat"
close menu
hema feders & swords
hema armor & protective gear
hema shields & bucklers
buhurt weapons
buhurt armor
buhurt shields


cultures
brands
sale
 







products search












my account


username


password

 remember me








				cart 












regenyei
from our hands to yours—trusted by hema enthusiasts worldwide.
the top choice for quality gear at a price that respects your craft.
shop new collection





new in the shop


 

battle ready
mini katana
battle-ready thousand demon daggers from scissor seven by mini.katana

$155.00 – $199.99in stock



 

battle ready
windlass steelcrafts
windlass – the accolade dagger

$179.95in stock



 

battle ready
windlass steelcrafts
windlass battlecry! – bowie knife

$159.95in stock



 

battle ready
valiant armoury
valiant armoury craftsman series – the glamdring leaf blade long sword

$1,795.00in stock


shop new products
see what’s available!
the broadest assortment of swords anywhere
choose from a selection from around the world
find your favorites





the merch shop
layer up in style 
t-shirts and hoodies that speak louder than words
shop the style




shop popular swords





katana





medieval swords





modern tactical swordsshop popular brands




balaur arms



deepeeka



devil's edge



iron tiger forge



lord of battles



universal swords
see all brands
meticulously crafted, battle-ready protection
armor, chainmail & helmets
shop the range 





aggressive?  indeed.
nearly 1000 models in stock
exquisite craftsmanship, materials and details
see the top shelf




kult exclusives


 

battle ready
balaur arms
balaur arms – shinto oni katana

$298.00 – $378.00in stock



 

koa exclusive
battleblades
battleblades x kult of athena exclusive edition – yokai oni katana

$908.00 – $978.00in stock



 

battle ready
fafnir forge
single edge viking sword – fafnir forge

$299.95in stock



 

battle ready
fafnir forge
viking warrior sword 8th to 10th century – fafnir forge

$299.95in stock







go down the rabbit holedropping some knowledge










visit our channel




testimonials










koa are the first choice for most collectors in the know.  never mind about the funny name – the reality is that if there was ever a vote for the most popular and most respected seller of swords online by the sword community (especially with members of forums such as myarmoury, sfi and sbg), there is little doubt in my mind that kult of athena would win it…it’s pretty easy to see why they are so popular.


						sword buyer’s guide					









my personal favorite is kultofathena.com. it is one of the best online stores for swords if not the best, mainly because do they not only offer really low prices, they also have reasonable shipping rates, they do offer world shipping…. the other nice thing is that they offer lots of great information.


						skallagrim					









kult of athena is easily one of the best sword retailers in the world. they have the widest selection of quality swords that i know of, and are easily the best to deal with in regards to international shipping, indeed, it’s easier to buy and ship swords to me in australia from kult of athena, than from sword retailers within australia.


						shadiversity					


faqs
can you provide guidance on how to buy a sword?we know that the time, energy and money that goes towards finding and purchasing the right sword can be a serious investment. we want to make your experience as satisfying and straightforward as possible, so whether it’s your first sword or you’re a long time collector, here are a few factors to consider when finding your perfect sword.
to begin, ask yourself these three questions to help narrow down your search.
how will you use the sword?
what is your price range?
what styles are you looking for?
read more about our sword buying tips

why should i buy from kult of athena?we believe kult of athena is the place to find a great assortment of historical replicas of swords, edged weapons, armor, shields, larp gear, and reenactment supplies for cultures from europe, asia, africa, india and the americas, and eras ranging from the bronze age to medieval epochs, the renaissance, and through world war ii.
we pride ourselves on having a great selection, great service, great value and providing a bastion of knowledge.
read more about why you should buy from us

can you tell me more about your shipping guidelines?the delivery time for your purchase is determined by the stock status of an item and the shipment method you select.
read more on our shipping guidelines
view more faqsfrom the blog





how to choose the katana that’s right for you




iconic weapons of the viking age: seax, langseax and sword




the khopesh, kopis & falcata




types of chainmail
read more from the blogneed assistance?
our customer service team is here to help. give us a call or send an email!

 orders@kultofathena.com
 847-531-8664
 m – f   8:30am – 4:00 pm ct
 check order status

newsletter
stay in the know about news and events


subscribe to mailing list



email


 




















  1485 davis rd #a
elgin il 60123
united states

847-531-8664
orders@kultofathena.comlogin
wholesaler login
 
  why buy from us?
faq
glossary
kult news
gift cards
stock status, shipping & international orders
returns & exchanges
 
  sword buying tips
sword care tips
steel certification program
certified steel participants
price matching policy
privacy policy
cookie policy
disclaimers
 
  affiliate program
wholesaler registration
careers
sitemap
contact us
 



©2025 kult of athena. all rights reserved. |    website design by get sharp, inc.facebook
youtube
instagram
pinterest







				deposits			

take advantage of our deposit option and pay only a deposit (+shipping) at this time. the cart will process this as a normal order and calculate your shipping costs so you know what to expect. when the item is available to ship we will contact you for the balance.
please note: this deposit is non-refundable. turn around time is an estimate and can vary depending on the manufacturer’s given work load.
this option is not for in stock items, it is only for special orders with long turnaround times. if you do order something marked as in stock, the stocked model will not be held for you. a new special order with the listed turnaround time will be started for you instead, to allow you the time to pay off the full price.


			x			





				sharpening service			

overview
our sharpening service will provide a good serviceable edge on the blade. the result is typically “very sharp” with a small secondary bevel and a bit of an “apple seed” profile. the resulting edge is somewhat dependent on the particular blade. some blades will take and hold sharper edges than others and the thickness of the blade will determine how wide the bevel will need to be. we adjust the angle of the edge to suit the specific blade and attempt to get as close to a bevel-less edge as possible without marring the surface of the blade.
the sharpening process
the sharpening service is done with a belt sander. the process involves many passes with sanding belts of various grits. the blades are rested between passes to prevent them from becoming hot and damaging their temper. by default we will sharpen as much of the blade as possible including any false edges if appropriate. if you have a different preference, feel free to make that request in the special instructions at check out. we can sharpen only the last half or third of an edge, for example. our sword sharpening expert has personally sharpened several thousand swords at this point, so will provide you with a professional service.
what the service is not
the resulting edge will be “sword sharp” not razor sharp. our goal is to provide you with a usable edge for cutting practice that will hold up to some use and not require constant re-sharpening. in other words, we intend to provide you with a serviceable weapon, not a personal grooming implement. the service will not provide a completely bevel-less edge. to create that type of edge will necessarily scratch up the blade surface and we lack the machinery and time to provide a full re-polishing of a blade’s surface. a service of that nature would be significantly more expensive as a great deal more time would be required. we do not offer this type of service at this time.
disclaimer
we make no guarantee that the resulting edge will meet with your expectations. every blade is different and some will take and hold a sharper edge than others, due to the blade material, heat treatment or geometry. some customers can also have incorrect assumptions about sword sharpness and improper expectations as a result. all we can say for sure is that the resulting edge will be sharper than the default edge, in most cases, significantly so. we can not provide any refunds for the service once it has been completed, so consider it to be provided “as is”. that being said, if you are unhappy with the product for any reason, we do still allow you to return the item for a full refund, including the sharpening costs under our normal return policy. this does not apply to special sharpening requests, for example if we sharpen something specially for you that does not normally list that option on our site. the vast majority of our customers are happy with the results of the service, so as long as you keep the above mentioned in mind, we are confident you will be pleased with the results as well.


			x			





				grade			

blemished
a factory blemished model will have small cosmetic defects but no issues that will affect its function. examples include, small surface scratches, scabbard dents or cracks, minor blade pitting, etc. larger issues like blade chips, cracks, warps or anything else that will affect performance will not be included with these. please note that we do not keep track of every specific minor blemish, so please do not contact us asking for details, we will not have them available. we are offering these items at a further discount for customers who are not overly concerned with cosmetics and intend to put them to some use.
munitions grade
a munitions grade item is not up to our normal high standards. munitions grade items will typically have various bends or twists in the blades, basically rendering them as 2nds quality. these items are still a great choice for collecting and re-enacting and functional pieces will still be functional. please keep this in mind when ordering.


			x			






subscribe today for entry in the monthly discount drawing.




email


 
















			x			





				unsharpened			

unsharpened edges will be thinner than a “blunt” edge, but will not offer any cutting ability. they will typically taper towards an edge, but then stop short.


			×			







0







0

your cart




your cart is emptyreturn to shop


to find out your shipping cost , please proceed to checkout.

continue shopping







 
we use cookies to measure website performance and save your preferences across visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all cookies. otherwise, manage cookie settings.acceptmanage cookies




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescription_grecaptcha5 months 27 daysgoogle recaptcha service sets this cookie to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".cookielawinfoconsent1 yearcookieyes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of ccpa. it works only in coordination with the primary cookie.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






                                functional                            


functional




functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescriptionpid1 monthtwitter sets this cookie to enable the use of twitter related features from the webpages users visit.wp_woocommerce_session_40260dacf2a8f00a21b2427d54dfbd2e2 daysdescription is currently not available.






                                performance                            


performance




performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
cookiedurationdescriptiontk_session_production14 daysadobe typekit sets this cookie to set the fonts for the session, doesn’t track any user information and merely serves the font for each session.






                                analytics                            


analytics




analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription__kla_id1 year 1 month 4 daysklaviyo sets this cookie to collect information on the visitor’s behavior. this information is used for internal analytics and to optimise the website. it also registers if the visitor has subscribed to a news letter._dc_gtm_ua-179856344-11 minutedescription is currently not available._ga1 year 1 month 4 daysgoogle analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors._ga_*1 year 1 month 4 daysgoogle analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views._gid1 daygoogle analytics sets this cookie to store information on how visitors use a website while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the collected data includes the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.consent2 yearsyoutube sets this cookie via embedded youtube videos and registers anonymous statistical data.






                                advertisement                            


advertisement




advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptiontest_cookie15 minutesdoubleclick.net sets this cookie to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.visitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysyoutube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface.yscsessionyoutube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on youtube pages.yt-remote-connected-devicesneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded youtube videos.yt-remote-device-idneveryoutube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded youtube videos.yt.innertube::nextidneveryoutube sets this cookie to register a unique id to store data on what videos from youtube the user has seen.yt.innertube::requestsneveryoutube sets this cookie to register a unique id to store data on what videos from youtube the user has seen.






                                others                            


others




other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept


powered by 







































































































