





garage door sales & services | distribudoors | seattle area








































































































garage doors

residential
commercial


openers

residential openers
commercial openers


garage door services

maintenance
installation
repair


service area
photo gallery
about us
blog
contact us

schedule repair
request estimate


 








 call today: 206-443-1640
 206-443-1640



									schedule repair
								

									request estimate
								



























 complete garage door repair service
local certified service

                            request garage door service                        









 garage doors in greater seattle area
contemporary & traditional styles

                            explore garage door collections                        











residential garage doors










commercial garage doors










garage door openers










service/repair














tips to choose a trusted garage door company






design
your own garage doors & preview what they will look like on your own home.
view our garage door visualizer













seattle garage door company
when you are looking for a new garage door, opener or repairs in the seattle, washington area, turn to distribudoors. honesty is essential to us in everything we do, which is why we don’t use subcontractors. each of our employees is background checked and specifically trained to help you find the perfect new garage door or repair your existing one. we can also beat a competitor’s estimate by 5% with our right price guarantee, so you can get the garage door and opener you want at a price that fits your budget.
whether you need installation, repairs or preventative maintenance, we’ve got you covered. 
contact us today









seattle garage door installation and sales
garage doors are often the first thing people see outside your home or business, so you want a door that is functional, reliable and aesthetically appealing. if you’re ready for a new commercial or residential door, we offer free new door estimates.
we are also a clopay® master authorized dealer®, and our wide selection of quality doors lets you find the style that will complement your home or business exterior. choose from modern designs like avante®, which feature a beautiful combination of aluminum and glass. if you’d like something more traditional, you can choose from several carriage house garage door styles that offer vintage charm and the durability you need for daily use.
once you’ve selected your garage door, our technicians will come to your property to install it. we work quickly and accurately, ensuring your garage door and all of its components are operating as they should and letting you get on with your day.
you may need a new opener for your door as well, and we offer several different options from liftmaster® — one of the most trusted garage door opener brands in the industry.
let distribudoors assist you in finding and installing the best garage doors and openers in seattle.
contact us today
seattle’s garage door repair company
since 1985, distribudoors has built a solid garage door service reputation based on quality garage door repair and great customer service. serving the greater puget sound area from our algona office and showroom, we offer professional installation and repair services for all of your garage door and opener needs. we offer both residential and commercial products and services.
our garage door repair services
when your garage door breaks, distribudoors is your go-to certified garage door repair specialist in the seattle area. on top of garage door repair, regular garage door maintenance can help minimize repair costs and keep your garage door working correctly. and to make sure it is done right in the first place, we are the leading local garage door installation experts in the puget sound area!
home garage doors in seattle
at our showroom design center, our staff will assist you in choosing the perfect garage door or entry door to enhance the beauty of your home. we carry a full line of garage door products and accessories to fit your needs. our outstanding local reputation is due to our competitive pricing, coupled with flawless design and installation service. same-day service is often available, and we only use company-employed certified technicians. we are authorized dealers of clopay garage doors, as well as liftmaster openers. on top of that, we do “install the best and service the rest.” other popular brands we often service include northwest door, wayne dalton, amarr, chi, genie and more. everyone’s needs are different, so we are proud to offer designs and products to fit nearly every budget. we are committed to being honest, ethical and great at what we do. call us to see why thousands of seattle customers are so impressed with distribudoors!
read more


















garage doors
openers
garage door services
service area
photo gallery
about us
careers
blog
contact us
leave a review
 



contact
421 warde st algona, wa 98001
206.443.1640


showroom hours
monday - friday: 7am-5pm





request estimate
schedule repair












































copyright © 2025. all rights reserved
sitemap
 












 




















