



 links to organ and tissue donor information




 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close










links
        links to great
        informational
        sites about
        organ and
        tissue
        donation, how
        to become
        and organ
        tissue donor
        and more

personal
      sites
        these real
        life stories
        will really
        touch your
        heart

books
        list of books
        on the subject
        of organ and
        tissue
        donation

add a site
      link


guestbook



this site is dedicated in loving memory
      to

christopher williams

march 10, 1963 - april 21, 1994

as well as to all the wonderful and brave families and
      friends of organ and tissue donors and the recipients who braved through
      the waiting process and those who are still waiting.
      









 last updated may 15, 2002





don't take your organs to heaven
	      heaven knows we need them here












organ and tissue donor
      information
      (we have tried to include as many states as possible to assist
      people all around the country)

to return to this page simply click on your back browser
      button

please report any dead links to the
      webmistress

to heart
      transplant and beyond-(united kingdom)
      this is a wonderful site created by a gentleman who has personally undergone
      a heart transplant. even though this is a personal site it contains some
      great information on 
      organ donation. definitely a must see for anyone interested in becoming an
      organ 
      donor or recipient.


the eye bank-
      (illinois, ohio and michigan)
      learn more about who they are, what they do and what you can do to
      help to give the miracle of sight

organ
      donations:  
a government sponsored site that provides information
      and resources on organ donation and transplantation of tissue.  includes
      facts on how to become an organ and tissue donor; a grant application center;
      public affairs and legislative update and faq section.


transplant recipients
      international organization (trio)
excellent information site on various legislative bills
      and information on the trio organization.


national kidney
      foundation of upper new york - (new york)
the national kidney foundation of upstate new york provides
      patient services, education and research to eradicate kidney and urinary
      tract diseases as well as promotion organ donation.


organ donor
      awareness - (mississippi)
      a subsection of the mississippi bar website providing excellent faq and legal
      information on organ and tissue donor programs.


national kidney
      foundation
      special focus on dialysis, organ donation and transplants.


liver
      foundation
      this site has everything you need to know about liver disease, organ donation
      and lots more.


national kidney foundation
      of georgia - (georgia)
      this site provides extensive information on programs activities, funding
      resources, training programs, current research, organ donation and transplant
      statistics plus a variety of patient service programs.


kidney failure and
      kidney disease information - (oregon and washington)
      the national kidney foundation of oregon and washington provides information,
      programs and services to kidney patients as well as promoting organ
      donation.


oklahoma organ sharing
      network - (oklahoma)
      designated organ procurement organization serving oklahoma with education,
      donor management, referral and consent assistance.  also includes donation
      and transplant information and statistics.


gift of life
      trust fund - (south carolina)
      information on organ and tissue donations as well as testimonies from families
      providing and receiving organ/tissue donations.


lifelink
      foundation - organ procurement - (georgia)
      this site is a subsection of a larger site providing information and referral
      procedures for organ and tissue donation and transplantation.


transweb:
       all about transplantation and donation
      questions and answers, myths and other information about organ transplants
      and organ donation.


psychiatric,
      psychological and ethical issues in organ transplantation
      this is a site of prepared remarks of claude earl fox, m.d.,m.p.h.,
      administrator, health resources and services administration before the cleveland
      clinic foundation fifth biennial conference in cleveland, ohio.


the living bank
      - organ and tissue donor registry
      a non-profit organization dedicated to increasing organ and tissue donation
      awareness.


indiana organ procurement
      organization - (indiana)
      assists individuals and families in making the decision to donate organs
      and tissue to individuals in need of transplants.


modern
      miracles:  organ transplants
      a comprehensive overview of organ transplantation and donation.


rocky mountain lions
      eye bank
      a storehouse of information regarding organ and tissue donation and
      transplantation.


share your life
      project
      rotary project that promotes organ and tissue donation.  rotarians,
      organ donation professionals and transplant recipients from five rotary districts
      in the united states developed this program.


lifenet
      lifenet is the largest, full-service, non-profit allograft tissue banking
      system in the united states.  lifenet is also a non-profit,
      federally-designated organ procurement organization providing donation systems
      for heart, liver, kidney, pancreas, lung and other organs for
      transplant.


donor alliance,
      inc. - (colorado and wyoming)
      this organization facilitates the recovery and donation of organs and tissues
      in colorado and wyoming


life center -
      (southwestern ohio, northern kentucky and southeastern indiana)
      a non-profit organization that coordinates the donation of human organs and
      tissues for transplantation.  serving southwestern ohio, northern kentucky
      and southeastern indiana.


mississippi lion eye
      and tissue bank - (mississippi)
      lions club of mississippi organization promoting the recovery and distribution
      of donated eye tissue for transplantation.


usc kidney
      transplant program - (southern california)
      university of southern california site specializing in the surgical and medical
      management of kidney related diseases.


life connection
      of ohio - (dayton and toledo, ohio)
      non-profit agency designated by the government to administer organ donation
      in dayton and toledo, ohio.


children's organ transplant
      association
      information on the number of children on transplant lists, the history of
      the organization, how to become an organ donor and more.


lifesource -
      (minnesota, north dakota, south dakota and parts of wisconsin)
      federally designated organ procurement organization for minnesota, north
      dakota, south dakota and parts of wisconsin.  this site promotes organ
      donation to benefit the greatest number of people.


national transplant
      society
      an online organ donation registry.


kidney foundation of
      canada - (canada)
      information on research, news, education materials, patient services, organ
      donations, publications and more..


tissue banking
      homepage
      put together by the red cross.  site provides information on tissue
      donation, becoming a donor, tissue services locations and personal stories
      from recipient families.


first family
      pledge 
      find out about this campaign that aims to familiarize the community about
      organ and tissue donation. a pledge to be an organ donor can even be signed
      on line.  (the honorary chairpersons of the asts first family pledge
      campaign are reg and maggie green, the parents of nicholas green, who's link
      to his memorial site is also contained here, well worth the visit)


northwest tissue
      center
      donor bank features musculoskeletal and cardiovascular tissue for transplantation
      programs.  also gives information about safety and tracking
      procedures.


new england
      organ bank
      scan statistical data for organ and tissue donation in the united states.
       also read about various transplantation procedures.  includes
      a survey of attitudes.


regional organ bank of
      illinois - (illinois)
      created to inform readers about donation.  this resource includes family
      testimonials, how-to information and a discussion of related religious
      issues.


mid-america transplant
      services
      organ co-ordination service offers educational tools for children and adults
      interested in becoming an organ donor.


partnership
      for organ donation - (boston)
      a non-profit organization in boston that offers a patient guide to organ
      donation, press releases and also details their activities in progress
      notes.


life
      goes on - organ & tissue donation
      register to become an organ donor, read facts about tissue donation, take
      a transplant quiz and find out about the life goes on program.


british organ
      donation center  - (great britain)
      news about the state of organ donation in britain, forums for discussion
      plus a question and answer section.


tissue banks
      international - (baltimore, md)
      baltimore based network of eye banks boasts a vision of cutting red tape
      to restore sight to those needing transplants. lean how to be a donor.


usa
      today - organ transplant hot line
      site contains links to various other information sites such as "transplant
      decisions based on need, not celebrity", "here's a donor card", "questions
      answered by the experts" and a few others.


donor network of
      arizona/organ, eye, tissue and laboratory donation & transplant
      services  - (arizona)
      site has articles about organ donation, facts and myths, public education,
      the media and more.  also allows you to download a donor card..


health
      resources & services administration - division of
      transplantation
      the division provides federal oversight and funding support for the nation's
      organ procurement, allocation, and transplantation system; coordinates national
      organ and tissue donation activities and funds research to learn more about
      what works to increase donation.  administers the national bone marrow
      registry program.


life
      gift - (texas)
      a federally certified organ procurement organization serving 108 counties
      in north, west and southeast texas.  the regional offices in houston,
      forth worth, lubbock and amarillo are responsible for coordinating organ
      recovery within their service areas and matching the organs with prospective
      recipients.


baylor
      institute of transplantation sciences
      transplant and donation related sites for solid organ transplant centers,
      blood and marrow transplant centers, organ sharing and procurement organizations,
      foundations promoting donor awareness and miscellaneous information
      sites.


transplant
      awareness
      tai is a non-profit organization that promotes organ and tissue donation
      by selling promotional items such as t-shirts, sweatshirts, stickers, pins,
      key chains, license plate frames and more.


coalition
      on donation - who we are - national members
      listing and links to the members of the coalition on donation.


national
      transplant assistance fund
      national transplant assistance fund (ntaf) is a not-for-profit resource serving
      all organ and tissue transplant patients, their families and the professional
      community who treats them.


return to top





personal sites


till we
      meet again
      a very touching site written and created by a mother and dedicated to her
      17 year old son.  (this site might be a little slow to download due
      to the great graphics, but it is well worth the wait.  be sure to have
      a box of kleenex handy for this one)


give
      the gift of life
      these are personal pages of a nurse and transplant recipient.  this
      site contains excellent information on being an organ donor.


our lora
      beth
      a beautiful memorial to a young lady who lost her life too early in a traffic
      accident, but gave the gift of life to another.  (many thanks jan for
      your words of encouragement when i began this project.)


return to
      top





books


the nicholas
      effect
      a book by reg green, father of nicholas green, who was shot in italy while
      on vacation with his family. his organs were donated by his parents to seven
      italians.  this site includes sample chapters, an interview and how
      to be an organ donor.


return to top





contact us about a
      site



if you have a site or know of a site that you would like
      to see listed, please send an email with the url to our
      webmistress and she will
      be more than happy to add the link.  if you prefer to complete our "add
      a link" request form, please click here


return to top





please take a moment
      to sign my guestbook









created and maintained
      by
spinning web
      creations




copyright (c) 2000-2001












