



sequential

































































 

 

















search for:




 

















products
store

baseball caps
t-shirts
prophet-5 keyboard
prophet-10 keyboard
pro 3 keyboard
pro 3 se keyboard
prophet xl keyboard
prophet x keyboard
prophet rev2 keyboard
prophet rev2 desktop
prophet-6 keyboard
prophet-6 desktop
ob-6 keyboard
ob-6 desktop
tempest
prophet 12 desktop
legacy products

pro 2
prophet 12 keyboard
prophet ’08 keyboard
prophet ’08 desktop
tetra
mopho
mopho keyboard
mopho se
mopho x4
evolver
mono evolver keyboard
poly evolver keyboard
poly evolver rack




news
support

support
contact support
register your product
help center


artists
dealers
about sequential

about
contact us
get the latest news
careers
50 years of sequential


user forum
careers
 


search for:




 
 









 
prophet-10 special edition
exotic lacewood panels learn more  

 


 
50 years
explore the timeline learn more  

 


 
prophet-6
the quintessential modern analog learn more  

 


 
trigon-6 desktop module
3 ocillators and enhanced ladder filter learn more  

 


 
take 5 version 2.0 update
double the sounds, plus new synthesis features learn more  

 


 
trigon-6
3-vco enhanced ladder filter analog poly synth learn more  

 


 
take 5
compact, polyphonic power learn more  

 


 
prophet-5 desktop module
prophet-5 power concentrated learn more  

 


 
prophet-5
the legendary polyphonic analog synthesizer learn more  

 


 
prophet-10 desktop module
portable and powerful 10-voice prophet learn more  

 


 
prophet-10
the legendary 10-voice analog powerhouse learn more  

 


 
pro 3 multi-filter mono synth
hybrid analog and wavetable learn more  

 


 
pro 3 se multi-filter mono synth
3 vcfs, 2 vcos + 1 wavetable learn more  

 


 
prophet x
sample and analog hybrid synthesizer learn more  

 


 
prophet rev2
16-voice analog poly synth learn more  

 


 
ob-6
6-voice analog synth with oberheim dna learn more  

 









 


our heart beats with los angeles
the recent wildfires in los angeles county have caused immense loss and devastation. although sequential’s global headquarters are based in san francisco, the tragedy has still struck close to home. our focusrite group colleagues in el segundo, good friends with whom we collaborate daily, are now coping with the aftermath of one of the worst […]







 


untold stories part 3
in honor of our 50 years of sequential celebration, we are pleased to present a guest post by david abernethy, the author of the prophet from silicon valley, an in-depth exploration of sequential circuits’ history. mr. abernethy shares exclusive behind-the-scenes insights, drawn from his personal experiences during the book’s research. this is the final article […]







 


untold stories part 2
in honor of our 50 years of sequential celebration, we are pleased to present a guest post by david abernethy, the author of the prophet from silicon valley, an in-depth exploration of sequential circuits’ history. mr. abernethy shares exclusive behind-the-scenes insights, drawn from his personal experiences during the book’s research. this is the second article […]







 


untold stories part 1
in honor of our 50 years of sequential celebration, we are pleased to present a guest post by david abernethy, the author of the prophet from silicon valley, an in-depth exploration of sequential circuits’ history. mr. abernethy shares exclusive behind-the-scenes insights, drawn from his personal experiences during the book’s research. this is the first article […]







 


prophet-10 special edition
  san francisco, ca – [october, 22nd, 2024] – as part of the 50 years of sequential celebration, the company proudly announces the launch of the prophet-10 special edition, a tribute to half a century of groundbreaking innovation in analog synthesis. this exclusive edition, with only 150 made, features exquisite lacewood panels that make each […]







 


celebrating 50 years of sequential 
  timeline explores half a century of sequential history san francisco, ca – sequential is proudly commemorating 50 years since the company was founded. throughout the year, we have been celebrating with giveaways, events, and by gathering stories of customer connection to our instruments. today, we are announcing the latest addition to this celebration: the […]












 get the latest news ➔

youtube
facebook
twitter
sound cloud
instagram







© 2025. sequential llc | phone: (415) 830-6393 | contact us


privacy notice
						  
						cookie policy

































