chicago restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in chicago by diningguide
homeaboutcontactchicago restaurantsmobile versionwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > chicago home pagechicago restaurantsrestaurant posts“best pizzeria in aurora”“welcome to papa saverio's pizzeria

at papa saverio's, we invite you to step into a wor…”posted by: papa saverio's pizzeria“home of the pickle back”“since 1977, the velliotis family and clark street dog have been serving the chicagoland a…”posted by: clark street dog“best american food in chicago”“savanna is not just a restaurant; it's a celebration of taste, culture, and community. jo…”posted by: savanna restaurantrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“fantastic bbq with a greek twist”member, joseph, chicago - “this restaurant serves the best pulled pork i have eve…”said about: smoked on rose“phenomenal indian food”member, joseph, chicago - “this restaurant is the sister restaurant to indian gar…”said about: mantra“a most disappointing dining experience”non-member, reader - “we recently visited the city park grill in highland park.  …”said about: city park grillwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)


welcome to metroguide.network's chicago diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan chicago, illinois.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find chicago restaurants by location or cuisine.  for a chicago dining overview, click here.


chicago-style deep dish pizza and tender, prime cuts of beef broiled to a turn headline many a menu in the windy city, where well in excess of 7,000 dining establishments comprise one of america's top restaurant towns. just north of the wrigley building, the billy goat tavern -- the cheezeborger! cheezeborger! joint made famous on saturday night live -- invites patrons to butt in any time, just as it has for 40 years.  packed with famed steak houses, ultra-trendy hot spots, long-standing pizzeria and every kind of eatery in between, chicago is an ethnic food paradise with more than 75 distinct neighborhoods from chinatown and greektown to little italy and beyond. prices at marquee locations sometimes rival chicago's skyscrapers, yet affordable fare is plentiful at storefront pubs and 
other old-fashioned outposts. 

diningguide chicago is part of metroguide chicago, offering guides to events, shopping, hotels, nightlife, attractions and more for the entire region.

chicago dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan chicago 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown chicago
chicago's downtown "loop" and financial districts

·magnificent mile
the heart of the chicago entertainment district, with restaurants, shops, theaters and galleries

·chicago
restaurants with metropolitan chicago addresses, including the neighborhood of south side, and in nearby communities located throughout the metropolitan area

·chicago south
restaurants located in chicago's southern neighborhoods, and in nearby communities to the south of metropolitan chicago

·chicago airport (o'hare)
restaurants located near the o'hare international airport (ord) and the rosemont convention center

·lincoln park
restaurants in the lincoln park area close to downtown

·greater chicago
dining options in the outlying areas of chicago
 
chicago diningchannel® videos
 
north pond restaurant
sixteen
charlie trotter's
a mano more videos >
chicago dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican casualasiancajunchinesecontinentalcreolefine diningfrenchfrench fine diningfusiongreekindianinternationalirishitalianjapaneselatinmediterraneanmexicannew worldpizzeriaseafoodspanishsteaksushithai
to return to the diningguide chicago home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at chicago restaurantscaravan palace pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal house of blues chicagofri 4/4/25 sixteen candles live concert performance… nightlife - live music house of blues chicagosat 2/15/25 10,000 maniacs alternative music performance… music - alternative rock city winerythu 2/13/25 fri 2/14/25 gaelic storm celtic world music performance… music - new age & spiritual house of blues chicagofri 3/14/25 sat 3/15/25 gang of four alternative music performance… music - alternative rock bottom lounge restaurantthu 5/8/25 avery sunshine alternative music performance… music - alternative rock city winerytue 3/4/25 wed 3/5/25 more...« top of pageadjacent links:diningguide indianapolisdiningguide milwaukeediningguide peoriadiningguide rockfordrelated links:diningguide moline - davenportdiningguide springfield, illinoisother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide fort waynediningguide kalamazoodiningguide traverse citymetroguide.network > diningguide > chicago home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide chicago are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionsdirectorymore locations...full map



chicago restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesben paogumrai thaila peña restauranttivoli ristoranteadobo grillchurrasco brazilsikia restaurantblue ribbon restaurant and loungethe grocery bistrojade asian infusedcyrano's bistro & wine barmaggiano's little italyruth's chris steak housekamehachi - old townlawry's the prime rib chicago


