










weavings a healing journey




  













this
"home" is dedicated to "the unseen" - the goddesses,
gods, angels and faeries, who inhabit "the other world", and with love
to my beloved father, a gentleman, and a "gentle man" who has joined
the
"unseen world". (i miss you so much, dad).

the
silver branch logo, represents many things, it is the symbol of the
wordsmith
or bard, and when one visualises the seasonal changes of a tree in
nature
the branch is also a symbol of transformation, rebirth, change, and of
course being a part of nature it is a link back to our beautiful mother
earth. 
here
you will find excerpts from my book "out of the ashes" the musings of a
would be wordsmith" and eventually excerpts from other books in the
pipeline.
subjects dear to my heart, along with poetry, written to compliment
each
short discourse, will also be featured here. i aim to create a site
that
is not only visually pleasing, but also verbally pleasing.

my purpose
in creating a web site, is based on the concept of sharing a gift. the
gift of working and weaving with words..that i have been blessed with.
with this in mind i do hope that everyone who enters leave feeling the
visit was worthwhile. as any author will tell you, feedback from their
readers is very much appreciated, and when people continue to buy their
books they know they are successful in reaching the public. this is not
just a web site, it is a book with open pages, ever growing and ever
changing,
each word written is from the heart, and i hope my "readers" will seek
to return, but if not, that they will leave this place with uplifted
spirits,
and a feeling of peace and harmony that will pervade all they do for
the
rest of the day. 
"out
of the ashes" began as a healing journey, and to understand the reason
for the title, and why certain poems were written, i would ask you to
take
the time to journey from page to page. each one has been placed to
allow
the reader to follow the progress of this journey, (only selected poems
from "out of the ashes" are within this "digital book").

 


  
the first step is a brief
introduction
to
"out of the ashes", and "the glorious phoenix". from there i suggest
your
next step should be to visit "goddesses" as this page is also an open
letter
given to each recipient of the book. "the legend"and "visions of the
phoenix",
are to acquaint visitors with the phoenix. each poem is listed in
sequence
from here, ending with the "finali" ... "the ode to the phoenix", a
song
of hope, a song of transformation and change. a contents list will
direct
you to other pages within this 'web book". enjoy your journey my
friends,
i don't think you will be disappointed.
 
for introduction to, "out of the ashes"
and
contents


  
  

  
background and
contents of site
copyright © gaia creations (pauline khong) 1998 -2004
honouring gaia - banner
is a
collage/composite, made from several public graphics. graphics -
created
by "gaia creations"

 



updated - sept 2004



















 






 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


