






chamber630 | chamber of commerce in downers grove, illinois









































member login
become a member
find a business
chamber630 events
 












about us

about the chamber
member benefits
marketing opportunities
committees/groups/networks
referral groups


legislative impact
community
business resources
630 foundation
news
 


select page


  
 
 












supporting, protecting & connecting your business

as one of the largest business organizations in dupage county, chamber630 serves hundreds of members across the region, with a focus on the woodridge and downers grove area.
we help your business succeed by providing valuable resources as well as providing and protecting your economic opportunities. we market member businesses, provide the voice of business, grow and develop our workforce and future workforce, and connect members through networking events and more.





about our organization







what’s happening at chamber630







the 2nd annual paul kludac memorial golf outing

learn more





pillars of leadership

learn more about midwestern university & advocate good samaritan hospital





630 workforce education foundation

empowering students for a better future! we provide educational programs to the current and future workforce.

learn more






view chamber630 events











join chamber630
join one of dupage’s largest business organizations and connect to valuable resources, marketing opportunities, legislative advocacy, workforce development and networking events, and more.



become a member








a proactive approach to legislative impact
we regularly meet with elected officials to influence government policy in an effort to maintain a business-friendly local environment.



discover our impact








marketing opportunities: let’s promote your business
whether you’re b2b or b2c, we can give your marketing plan a boost and increase your visibility with cost-effective opportunities.



explore marketing opportunities








workforce education: growing & placing local workers
through scholarships and work-ready programs, the 630 workforce education foundation provides students with the skills they need to be job-ready and connects them directly with the local business community.



see how it works










business directory & resource guide
2025






the 360 on 630
fall 2024





 











promos & specials
press
job board

photos
community calendar
contact

shop online
donate
webinars by coggno




join chamber630 today!
promote your business

 






facebook




twitter









instagram


© copyright 2025 chamber630. all rights reserved. 




website development















