






the koch center – offering the full range of comprehensive psychological services



















































skip to content














																fa-envelope-o












toggle navigation




the koch centeroffering the full range of comprehensive psychological services






home
about us

staff directory
contact us
insurance guide
faq
make an appointment


services & programs

services
dialectical behavior therapy (dbt)
child & adolescent treatment services
social skills groups
obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd) treatment
ptsd/trauma treatment
school refusal treatment
eating disorder treatment
customized approaches


resources

in case of emergency
book recommendations
good faith estimate
employment opportunities


what is dbt?
 







 









the koch center
at the koch center, we are committed to providing clinical excellence using evidence-based, customized treatment approaches.

























								our services							


dbt for adults, adolescents, and children
individual, couples, family, & group psychotherapy
child & adolescent treatment services
social skills groups/training (k-high school)
obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd) treatment
ptsd/trauma treatment
school refusal treatment
eating disorder treatment

offering in-person treatment & teletherapy 

dr. cyndi koch, director 

dr. cyndi koch is a licensed psychologist (nj #2798) who has founded and directed the koch center since 2000. dr. koch is a nationally recognized clinician, lecturer, trainer, and supervisor in the field. she has brought her innovative approach and years of experience to the koch center and has created the area’s premier center for the treatment of psychological and emotional issues.

							

















										71 franklin turnpike, ste. 8
waldwick, nj 07463									






										94 park st.
montclair, nj 07042									






										40 north van brunt street englewood, nj 07631									






										info@thekochcenter.com
									






										(201) 670-6450									






										kochdbt.com									












search for:



 


© the koch center 2024secondary menu 


llorix one lite powered bywordpress











