





















property management in st. george, ut - jensen property management


































































 

			home
		



			search rentals
		



				st. george area
			



					residential
				



					commercial
				



						retail
					



						office
					



						warehouse
					



						office w/ warehouse
					



						showroom w/ warehouse
					





					mobile/rv park
				



					self storage
				





				mesquite area
			



					residential
				



					commercial
				



						retail
					



						office
					



						warehouse
					



						office w/ warehouse
					



						showroom w/ warehouse
					





					self storage
				







			resources
		



				blog
			



				about
			



				contact us
			





			tenants
		



				utah tenant login
			



				nevada tenant login
			





			owners
		



				free rental analysis
			



				management services
			



				utah owner login
			



				nevada owner login
			





			properties for sale
		

 









find a
rental


                            we manage to make a difference
                        





southern utah





mesquite










find a
 st. george 
rental


residentialcommercialself-storagemobile/rv park 










find a
 mesquite 
rental


residentialcommercialself-storagemobile/rv park 












                our services and technology


                for over 30 years jensen property management & leasing has provided superior customer service and leading edge technology. we offer you the best “stress free” solution for the management of your investment property.
            




                            owner-focused management
                        

                            we built our business to serve rental property owners.
                        
learn more




property inspections
regular physical property inspections.




tenant screening
nation wide credit and criminal background screening.




rent collection
collected online and directly deposited in your account




online access
access your property information and financial statements.












                            receive your no obligation - absolutely free - rental analysis.
                        

                            it's quick, easy and free!
                        




                        request now!
                    






free rental analysis
request now





            what our customers are saying about us
        















                            jensen property has managed our st. george residence for the past 10 years.  i have been consistently impressed with the level of customer service we have received.  through multiple changes in tenants, the hard-working jensen staff have kept our residence rented every month since the start, they have handled maintenance issues expeditiously, and have responded to our requests.                            
                                adam lamoreaux                                -
                                2024                            











                            the jensen team has the best customer service! every time we reach out with a question or concern, they get right back to me with answers and solutions. they are friendly and personable, and they have made our renting experience stress free. we would highly recommend them to everyone!                             
                                cheri campbell                                -
                                2024                            











                            jensen property management is a wonderful place to rent from. they are very responsive and quick on getting things done! we have had a great experience and would recommend them to anyone.                             
                                makenna clarkson                                -
                                2024                            











                            had a great experience with jensen property management, all thanks to alyssa and nikki. they were super helpful, always on point with communication, and just made everything easy and pleasant. really appreciate their teamwork and how smoothly everything went. definitely recommend them!                            
                                rod stuart                                -
                                2024                            











                            the ladies at jensen property management were very informative and helpful.  i flew in from out of town find a place in one day.  they had all the information on new listings highlighted and ready for me to go look at.  they had the lease ready to go by the end of the day.  thanks so much to the team at jensen property management!                             
                                janae smith                                -
                                2024                            











                            lexie, did an outstanding job to keep our rental application process spot on.  she was thorough and helpful to our needs.  i appreciate her extra efforts to make sure we had everything needed and submitted. her follow up was outstanding!                            
                                david musser                                -
                                2024                            























                                paragon business park                            



                        174 n old highway 91, hurricane ut, 84737                    


                                learn more                            











                                climate control storage units                            

                                for current availability call us on 435-628-1678.                            


                                    apply now                                






















about us

                    looking for a rental in the st. george, utah or mesquite, nevada areas? we have the rental you are looking for! check out our available rentals on this site, email us or give us a call.                


st. george, utah

                    435-628-1678
manager@jpmstgeorge.com
590 east st george blvd.
st. george, utah 84770
monday - friday
9:00am - 5:00pm mst
closed on saturdays                


mesquite, nevada

                    702-331-8427
manager@jpmmesquite.com
114 north sandhill blvd., #b
mesquite, nevada 89027
monday - friday
9:30am - 4:30pm pst
closed on saturdays                


links
local utilityprivacy policytenant liabilitymove-in inspection form 




                copyright © jensen property management & leasing. designed and developed by
            















×



 











request a free analysis
























utahnevada













δ




















