










keating muething & klekamp pll home page














cookie settings
main menu
main content
search





how do you define success?"we chose kmk law to represent us when selling our company to a strategic acquirer and it was absolutely the right decision. kmk tirelessly guided us through what became a far more complicated transaction than originally anticipated and enabled us to close on time in the midst of the covid-19 pandemic. choosing kmk was the best legal decision we could have made." - david j. akers, collaborent group, ltd. president & ceo 






corporate transparency actreporting & compliancemore









benefits monthly minutetexas court says hold 'em when it comes to esg investing | good things come to those who wait: dol expands self-correction program to cover late contributions | j&j holds on as plaintiffs' standing falls
securities snapshot: 4th quarter 20242025 reporting season – key considerations
what's newfederal court overturns expansion of overtime requirements


search our people

kmk law elects two new partnerskmk law is pleased to announce that it has elected two new partners: vincent b. jabour and jerad t. whitt.




based on an independent survey, 99% of kmk clients indicate that kmk attorneys’ understanding of their goals is excellent or very good and another 99% indicate they would recommend kmk.





kmk law is a proud member of alfa international, the premier network of independent law firms. founded in 1980, alfa's 150 member firms throughout the world include 80 u.s. firms with offices in 95 of the 100 largest metropolitan areas and 70 international firms located throughout europe, asia, australia/new zealand, africa, canada, mexico, and south america. kmk law can draw upon the collective wisdom and expertise of the alfa network to deliver highly effective legal solutions to our clients.







professionalsprofessionalssearchattorney directoryservicesservicesoverviewclientsabout kmkabout kmkabout kmkour business modelfirm leadershipbusiness management teamcommunitysubsidiariessubsidiariesriverbend commercial title agencykmk consulting company llckmk service corpcontactcontactour officemedia contacthave a question?inclusioninclusioninclusiondiversity case competitiondiversity committeewomen’s initiativecareerscareersa culture of successthe associate experiencesummer associate programcurrent opportunitiescurrent opportunitiesattorneys & law studentsprofessional staffnews & resourcesnews & resourceswhat's newnewspublicationseventskmk blogse-media kitsubscribe to updates

jump to page






close




privacy policy
cookie policy
accessibility policy
legal terms
site map
client extranet
subscribe
contact us
© 2025 keating muething & klekamp pll. all rights reserved.
site by firmseek






share

facebooklinkedintwitterrss



one east fourth street
suite 1400
cincinnati, oh 45202
tel: 513.579.6400







we use cookies to optimize the performance of this site and give you the best user experience. by clicking "accept," you agree to our use of cookies.

manage cookies
decline optional cookies
accept all cookies





necessary cookies
necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. you may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
functional cookies
functional cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and collect information about your use of the sites and services which enable us to improve functionality.


analytical cookies


on

off

analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. we access and process information from these cookies at an aggregate level.

close









