


cave of enchantress






















    
	cave of enchantress
	
  
the grotto della sibilla in the umbrian mountains which was first mentioned in classical legend. guerino the wretch reaches a mountain pass near norcia in umbria where he meets with the devil. the devil, of course, wants guerino's soul and tempts him by describing a subterranean kingdom where every delight will be his.



monday, may 01, 2006



	 gaia welcomes leonie
    


her daughter returns home.with loveheather blakey



posted by heather blakey @ 5:50 am  
      
         0 comments









	 bringing leonie bryant home
    


le enchanteur and leonie bryant's  spirit bird taking leonie home to sleep in the bower of bliss



posted by heather blakey @ 5:49 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, november 30, 2005



	 wisdom speaks
    


i welcome returning to my chambers within this cave. i have been travelling so long, i am ready for a much-needed rest. the dwelling opens its arms to me and enfolds me in its moist air. my most cherished companion resides a short walk through narrow passages away from the cavern i call home. she introduced herself to me a few months back and has been with me, guiding me along my journey. sometimes during my travels, i took action without consulting her. but, nonetheless, she prodded me until i learned the lesson i was meant to receive. i have learned that wisdom is ever present. she lies in wait for me to approach her. when i don't, she stirs up the situation to produce the teaching i need. most often, her teachings are gentle. only when she can't get my attention does she turn to whirlwinds akin to tornados.since my travels have returned me to this welcome cave, the home of wisdom, i cannot put off visiting her. i enter the archway that leads to the narrow path to wisdom's lounge. a few rocks have accumulated along the pathway since my last visit. i take the time to move them out of the way so i don't stumble on them on my way back. in no time at all, i can see the warm glow i will forever associate with wisdom.  i reverently cross the threshold into her chamber and make my way to the seating area. closing my eyes, i breath deeply the thick air and clear my mind. when i open them again, wisdom sits before me."hello, dear one," wisdom welcomes me in a gentle voice as soft as a whisper."hello, wisdom," my voice giving away my weariness despite my effor to hide it."don't feel the need to hide anything from me, dear one. you know i've seen all that you have been through along your journeys. i know of your grief and pain as well as your joys and triumphs.""why i thought i could hide anything from you, wisdom, i haven't a clue. i'm just tired of grieving. i'm tired of the pain and loss in my life. it's a heavy weight to bear and i'm ready to get rid of it. instead of moving on naturally, i'm trying to mask the pain.""as you well know, you can't push the river. but, there is something you can do to help ease the pain.""what can i do, wisdom?""take action.""what kind of action?""do something for someone else....anything.""oh, i've heard of that old adage," i sigh. "by doing something for someone else i'll see that there are people in the world who have it worse than i. in giving i will receive. well, i know that there are people in worse situations. my brother, for one, who has lost a brother and a wife in a very short time. i'd love to do something for him, but i don't know that there is anything that will console his loss right now. and...well, i give all the time. i do feel joy when i give or do something unexpected for another...""so...why not do that now?""i have...i am... i purchased some food for a poor family. i am doing my christmas planning to surprise people with special gifts.""how's that going?""not very well. it feels very mechanical. my heart isn't in it.""why not? where is your heart?"sigh... "my heart is in recovery.""ah! but you know that you can't protect your heart from pain, no matter how many layers of gauze you wrap it in. you are human. you will feel pain, agony, remorse, regret, grief, depression....and all sorts of uncomfortable things. it's part of life, just as joy is a part of life. if life brings you dark or light, your heart will feel it. "protecting" your heart is a mask. it only hides the real you from others and keeps you from expressing the sadness you feel. the mask doesn't protect your heart.""i don't want to feel those things any more. i don't want to express those feelings. i want them to evaporate.""in your heart of hearts, you know this won't happen. you know you'll have to experience the feelings, one way or another," wisdom responded with much gentleness in her voice. i looked down to the floor, not wanting to meet her eyes for i knew what she said was true."dear one, you can move on once you set your emotions free. the longer you put it off, the longer you'll be in this holding pattern, the longer you will experience pain. let it go, don't hold on to it. once it is released you will not be able to stop yourself from taking action. it just comes naturally."still looking down i could feel a tear roll down the side of my nose. the release had begun.



posted by ashleyshea @ 7:06 pm  
      
         2 comments






monday, october 10, 2005



	 here i am...
    


i approach the enchantress' cave, weary and dusty from my long trek.  it's a good weariness though, one that satisfies the physical as well as the mental needs of the body. i chose to walk rather than ride because i wanted to feel mother earth breathing beneath my feet.  i felt as one with her as i walked through the woods and strolled across meadows sprinkled liberally with wild flowers of all varieties.  such a difference from a brief trip i made recently when i drove many miles to the state of minnesota.  locked away inside a steel enclosure with the scenery flashing by at breakneck speed doesn't do it for me, though it is sometimes a necessity when time is calling the shots.the dust fell away and the weariness vanished when i saw the enchantress waiting to welcome me and any other travelers who might happen along.  i know there are many like me who, having taken different trails, will end up here for a well earned rest before proceeding to babayaga's hut. the enchantress is a welcoming sight as she stands there at the cave entrance ready to check me in.  her ivory gown shimmers in the morning sunlight … her eyes are bright, and the breeze ruffles her reddish hair.   she embraces me and invites me to enter and join the others who are waiting.  i am ready now for good company and conversation.  we all have stories to share about our varied experiences on the trail.  it's at times like this that i appreciate all the good that life has to offer.vi



posted by vi jones @ 10:20 am  
      
         2 comments






sunday, october 09, 2005



	 courier message gone astray
    


my raven messenger found donkeys inc. and tried to post this message in comments  but it would not take it so i will try to reach you here.  i am heading down the road in ithaka bound, on foot, leading destiny.  hope you receive this message.  i guess i should contact the enhantress for a few more invitations.message from the raven courier:  i know you are extremely busy right now but i was wondering if i could drop off my horse destiny for the time i am on the silk road.  at the moment i am just leaving the cave of the enhantress at my first dawn on the road to ithaka and would like to walk a while. as your mules are magical i guess i had better mind the enhantress once more and try out one after i have walked a while, so also please find one that would fit my spirit.  i look forward to seeing you.  will you be at the gypsy camp?  (that is if i ever find it)  love, jane



posted by jane @ 7:09 am  
      
         1 comments






friday, october 07, 2005



	 morgaine's arrival
    


gallahad returned with good news.  he knew the way to the enchantresses cave. 'gather you're belongings morgaine, we must make haste'!morgaine quickly gathered her bags, she climbed upon gallahad's back, 'lead on gallahad, let us depart'.awhile later morgaine was at the cave's entrance with her bags.  gallahad munched on some grass a little way off.'quite a crowd had already come through', the enchantress told morgaine, 'it has quietened down now, so you're morgaine, the camelot scribe, welcome to my cave and the beginning of a wonderful journey!  what did you bring?i hope you packed light'.morgaine assured the enchantress that her bag was light and its contents are a necessity.  ' i have my journal, recorder for my interviews with fellow travellers, some clothing, my warm cloak, some food, my hairbrush, some herbs and oils, and some precious stones'.'this is good morgaine, so you plan to interview fellow travellers? that sounds interestinng, you will find many interesting stories, i'm sure.  so you come from camelot? ''yes and i am considered the camelot scribe,   the camelot correspondent for the camelot chronicle.  i am on a crusade, the camelot crusade.  i wish to learn about other places, people and communities and also to introduce and invite people to camelot, this is one of the reasons i decided to undertake this journey, i look forward to meeting people, learning about different places and communities and hope to befriend many.  i believe that if we all help one another we can all continue to exist in people's hearts'.'very interesting morgaine, i'm sure others will share your belief's and you will find your journey very inspiring, once again, welcome aboard!  now, i must give you this bag, in it you will find some things to help you on your journey, a compass amongst other things and most importantly, a doll'.'a doll? why is a doll the most important thing'? asked morgaine.'this is no ordinary doll, this doll talks and can help and guide you along the way, you have met and named your talking donkey gallahad, now this doll is yours to keep and name too.  you will find her very wise, with much insight to share'.morgaine was taken aback, a telepathic, talking donkey and now a wise, insightful doll!  they say camelot's ways are weird, she thought to herself.  what is this magic? i must learn them so i can teach them back home to those whobelieve.  the more wonder, enchantment, magic, old and new ways introduced to humans, the more they will seek their own truth and belief and the world will be a better place.the enchantress interrupted her thoughts saying, 'it is time to go now morgaine. your first destination is to the gypsy camp, where they are having a wake for meagan's mother.  meagan is a fellow traveller on the silk road and it is a time to share, god speed morgaine'.with that the enchantress dissappeared and morgaine was left alone with the bag.  she reached in and pulled out the doll, it was a very pretty doll.  she decided to call the doll, angel.  in that instant morgaine found herself outside the cave with gallahad.  'well gallahad, it's time to move on in search of the gypsies'.  they departed in silence.



posted by anonymous @ 10:19 pm  
      
         2 comments










dawn in  the grotto 



posted by jane @ 5:16 am  
      
         3 comments









	 jane : here!
    


oh my goodness, it is dawn and i seem to be in the grotto. i don't even remember presenting my picture of the doorway. from the moment i climbed onto destiny’s back to the moment i woke up in this lovely room everything is a foggy . i just know that right now i am snuggling deeper into this feather bed trying to escape the loud speaker requesting everyone to show up for roll call at the cave entrance.groan****************now where are my shoes?****************i do look forward to walking down the silk road though. hopefully there will be some shops on the way to the gypsy camp so i can buy some silks for a gypsy skirt . i love the way they dress. when i get old ( : ) ) i am going to wear all the beautiful colors in the rainbow at one time. i must ask the enchantress if there is a blog for the silk road when she calls my name as i look forward to the journey to itaka, not the destination, and plan to take my time.i think i will send destiny ahead to frans donkey shop and see if she will care for him tell i get to the gypsy camp. i don’t want to fly by things too fast and i defiately do not want to get on a donkey. i know a little more aboout donkeys then i need to as my husband was in a mule pack when he was in the army during the korean war and it was hell. they are not pleasant animals, co-operative animals. sorry fran, but walking gives you a chance to use all your senses and that, to me, is the only way to absorb the world. did you ever notice how you never really absorb a scene until you stand silent..and that no one speaks? i think it was michaelangelo who said, : you can not appreciate a sunrise with another person." where is that raven when you need him?



posted by jane @ 4:58 am  
      
         2 comments






monday, october 03, 2005



	 ithaka bound - the doorway to the silk road
    


people are standing around with bags, rucksacks, suitcases, backpacks, carry alls and saddle bags at the door to the cave. and to think sibyl said to travel light! lucky we have a big store room to keep things so that people can pick them up on their way back home. that room is filling because there hasn't been too many leave the realm.the first instructions from our guide are at soul food silk road. keep checking this and ithaka bound if you get lost. we are bound for ithaka. ithaka lies within the realm of the silk road somewhere, tucked away from view. it is a very enchanted place, a bit like the dreamlike lake of nemi - diana's mirror, as it was called by the ancients. no one who has seen the calm waters of the lake where the amazon queen's summer palace nestles, can forget it. sip from the waters and you forget about the earthly realm and feel the creativity pulsing through your veins.  ithaka bound will be open to the public for comment. if you don't get an invitation to join and want to post on this blogger please let me know. i will post out a swathe of invitations but it is very easy to overlook someone so for goodness sake don't let this happen and get lost. if you are on the soul food cafe mailing list do make sure to ask for an invite to join because i will not keep sending instructions to the whole group.



posted by heather blakey @ 4:19 pm  
      
         1 comments






wednesday, august 24, 2005



	 chocolate box-my imaginary friend
    


" here " kincross says from behind my right shoulder, " let me take a look at what you're writing. is it about me? "kincross is quiet for a second, which surprises me because my werewolf has never been the quiet type. this can't be a good sign, especially when the second turns into a minute and i hear her growl " an imaginary friend? write a dialog with an imaginary friend? "" that's what it says kincross " i tell her." i'm not imaginary and i'm not part of your subconscious either " she says quickly." if only." i snap " you're too pushy and noisy to be imaginary. go on, go howl at the moon or something, i have work to do "" i want my story told. " she says darkly." i want to be six inches taller and fifty pounds lighter but it ain't gonna happen in the next half hour.so get lost, go kill a vampire or something i have to get this exercise done right now. "" okay. i'm sorry anita. " she says with feeling." that's alright. "i can hear her talking to my cat, and then i can hear the chair at my husband's work desk, the one on wheels, coasting from one end of the room to the other. i can hear darwin my cat chasing something around and i'm guessing kincross and darwin are racing each other." anita? " she stage whispers. i use the word whispers very lightly. you could probably hear her over the end of the world right now but she is whispering. and she won't stop she sounds like some weird primitive cave woman chanting my name anitaanitaanitaanitaaniiiiittttanittta "" what? what do you want now? do you want to be taller in the next story? younger? or is it blond and skinny? what do you want? "" the phone is ringing. "" out! get out now! " i yell." you shouldn't talk out loud like that, people are going to start thinking your mental or something. " kincross says, her voice dripping with concern and honey. neither of which is in her nature." is so in my nature...hey, what the heck are you saying about me there? "" are you watching? " i ask.i look back and her eyes are narrowing, " yes. "" once upon a time a self absorbed werewolf got hit by a bus loaded with silver bullets and she died and never bothered her author again. the end. "" oh very funny. "i turn back to my keyboard and start to write and two seconds go by. then a minute. no kincross. i look out my door, under my desk. it's quiet it's actually..." go on, you missed me " my werewolf says as she jumps down from the top of my bookshelf. she looks very pleased with herself and she sounds pleased as well." i really want to finish this. " i tell her." oh, alright, but i'm not going anywhere...you know that right? "i sure do.kincross is whistling, something i wish i could do and she looks over my shoulder again." i'd end there if i were you. "" i look back and she actually pulls away. " fine i'll just go sit until her majesty is ready. "and as i type away we both start snickering, " imaginary friend " we both say at the same time." hey that's fun " kincross says " let's do another one of these exercise things. ""get out kincross"and she actually does...for about two minutes.what a record.the next day:kincross is standing next to my computer tapping her foot and whistling " ode to joy"when i walked into my work room this morning. i ignored her so she went into a loud shrill  rousing  rendition of " we are the champions. " i wish she had air in her lungs, then she'd have passed out by now and i wouldn't have to listen to her love herself anymore. " nasty nasty thing to wish on your friend " she says as i start to write. " nasty thing to say about your friend who was a big hit up at the abbey. " " oh, it's about to get nastier because  i have to post a note about our rehearsal and all i have to report is...  " while i worked very hard on our project and actually cared about it  my imaginary friend goofed off, chased my cat around the room and bugged me the entire time and  actively tried to scuttle our project? " she looks up in remembrance and nods, " yes, that's exactly what happened only you forgot about the part where your nasty temper got the best of you and you kept screaming at me like a little baby. " she watches the letters fill up the screen and nods. " yep, that looks right. " wonderful silence...wonderful qui.... " oh anitttaaaaaahhhhh ? " kincross says in a ghostly voice. " what? "" can i ask you a question?" " what? " i stop everything i'm doing and look at her, i'm hoping if i pay attention to her for few minutes in return i may get a few minutes of peace and quiet." that was it, hahahah. " " god! go away! " " no really, who are all these strangers  in my town...why are they in duwamish. " she asks primly, back straight with her hands behind her back. she rocking back and forth on her heels and looking up at the ceiling like she's reading something that's written up there. " they're visiting kincross. " " that's nice, when are they leaving? " " when they feel like it kincross. " " duwamish doesn't work that way you know. " i look at her and she looks at me and i have to say, " i know. " " good place to end this? " i ask. kincross nods and for once i agree.© anita marie moscoso 2005-text



posted by anita marie moscoso @ 8:56 pm  
      
         1 comments













 





about the silk road

the soul food silk road is a network of interlinking team bloggers. team blogging at soul food has become an art form and the creative transformation 
 that has taken place on these pathways is nothing short of extraordinary. old base camps can still be found but all pilgrims have now claimed space at riversleigh manor house and are using it as a base to explore the enchanted wood and climb the magic faraway tree of enid blyton fame. riversleigh provides a salon style 
environment where ideas are conceived, gestated, and hatched.


  

salon du muse

 





live poets
fantasy cove
children’s books

the tour office - home

silk road tour office
golden seed grove


silk road news

raven mailbag



base silk road camps

riversleigh manor
lemurian abbey
caravanserai
ithaka bound
grotto camp


the enchanted wood

enchanted grove
faraway tree
nina's tree house
mail art
elf incorporated
north star studio
sunday market place
isle of ancestors


lands above the faraway tree

land of dreams
land of chinese new year
land of enchantments


becoming a community member

individuals who write and make a request to participate will be sent invitations to join individual bloggers. 
soul food orienteering
has been set up to help people become blogger literate and learn how to insert images with their work.
pilgrimages and intensives which lead to residency at riversleigh are not free. if you are interested in participating contact heatherblakey at dailywriting dot net for more information.

  

well trodden silk road trail

this trail has been trodden by many travellers who have passed this way since june 2005. to see the full glory of the journey make sure to visit the 2005 advent calendar which is housed at soul food.

 





silk road events

baba's all soul day
halloween preperations


the soul food silk way

the cave of the enchantress
gyspy camp
duwamish bay
lemurian abbey
road to house of serpents
house of serpents
the hermitage
house of baba yaga
riversleigh manor
enchanted grove
faraway tree
lemurian artefact tales


silk road destinations

bath house tales
isle of ancestors
well of forgiveness
night riders
hermitage art room
mnemosyne's stream
koshchey the terrible
baba's all soul day
donkey incorporated
white owl island
rose and swan theatre
forgotten lost souls


pandora's costume box for travellers

pandora's costumes


preserving the journey

silk road scribe
heather's art gallery
eternally luna
cabinet of curiosities
donkey union hall of fame
crow's nest studio
the raven knocks
raven tree perch
monastic moments
soul forrest


baba's hand maidens

baba's handmaidens
baba's boudoir
baba's golden spindle



soul food art rooms

hermitage art room
mail art group
soul food cafe art room


sunday market and market stalls

 




   

take the opportunity to display your work for sale or trading at the lemurian sunday market.
  
sunday market
heather's art gallery
eternally luna
cabinet of curiosities
donkey union hall of fame
crow's nest studio
the raven knocks
raven tree perch
monastic moments
soul forrest

collaborative soul food projects

magic beach
big bad werewolf project
red death project
chamber of horrors

previous posts

gaia welcomes leonie
bringing leonie bryant home
wisdom speaks
here i am...
courier message gone astray
morgaine's arrival
dawn in  the grotto 
jane : here!
ithaka bound - the doorway to the silk road
chocolate box-my imaginary friend

archives

august 2005
october 2005
november 2005
may 2006
 









 





