

maui, hawaii vacation rentals - condos in kauai, oahu, hawaii, maui



















home    i    properties 
           i    air and cars 
           i    activities 
           i    about hawaii 
           i    articles 
           i    specials




 

        maui & hawaii vacation rentals
package deal for aulani, new disney resort & spa, opening this fall on oahu: 
	    create your own perfect moment in the hawaiian islands.  we are offering a sale on a package deal (air, car, hotel) all at discounted rate for 7 nights at the new disney resort & spa on oahu, aulani opening this fall. read more...






 


aloha! my hawaiian 
      holiday provides you with unmatched, personalized reservation services for 
      hawaii vacation rentals, condos and resorts on maui, kauai, oahu and all 
      of the major hawaiian islands. 
      please view our list of vacation rentals, condos and rental homes in hawaii, 
      maui, kauai and oahu. we have hand selected the best overall rentals in 
      terms of price range, property type, views and more. we also provide extensive 
      information and reservation services for activities, airlines and car 
      rentals. 
      fill out our online travel planner. let our vacation 
      specialists help you plan the perfect hawaiian vacation of a lifetime. 










price range per night
 $50 - $99 $100 - $149 $150 - $199 $200 - $249 $250 - $299 $300 - $349 $350 - $399 $400 and over
all price ranges







hawaiian island destination
 hawaii kauai lanai west maui south maui molokai oahu






type of rental unit
condo
hotel
cottage
private home
resort


 




                  









 


 


 
        our featured vacation rentals 






 
wailua bay view - kauai 
              
 
price range: $115.5-200


 the wailua bay view is a real jewel offering the perfect blend of beautiful and affordable. these one bedroom ocean front, ocean view condos are perched on a small bluff right on top of the wailua bay! you can sit on your private lanai sipping your morning cup of coffe and embrace the blue pacific ocean while you watch the green sea turtles paddle about.  we are offering wailua bay view at 30% off on travel dates 1/1/14 - 11/15/14! 










 
sheraton keauhou bay resort & spa 
              
 
price range: $137-2922


 sheraton keauhou bay resort & spa is built atop an ancient lava flow on the shore of keauhou bay, this resort features spa & fitness facilities, fantasy pool with 200 foot waterslide, manta ray dives, wedding chapel, luau, adjacent golf at kona country club and more.  rooms are a spacious 450 sq feet with lanai and feature sheraton "sweet sleeper" beds and sweet bath amenity line, terri robes, in-room safe, coffe maker and mini-refrigerators. book now and save up to 55% on select rooms with our "endless escape" promotion! 










 
lanikai resort 
              
 
price range: $165-386


 beautiful and serene lanikai resort offers beachfront luxury at a reasonable rate!  located on the east shore (the coconut coast), lanikai is centrally located on the island of kauai making it a great jumping off spot to see the beauty of this island.  with only 18 condos at this resort, lanikai offers a quite, serene vacation experience just steps from the beach.  each of these well appointed, spacious 2 bedroom condos come with full kitchens, wireless internet, washer/dryers in units, and the amazing "heavenly pillow top" king beds to ensure a great nights sleep.  we are now offering this property at an average of 25% off for travel dates 5/4/11 through 12/20/11!










 
waipouli beach resort & spa - kauai 
              
 
price range: $275-521


   the waipouli beach resort & spa is an ocean front luxury resort centrally located on the east side of kauai near the town of kapaa.  the resport is fairly new, having been opened in 2006.  starting as low as $   275 per night, the waipouli beach resort contains 118 condos tastefully decorated with warm indonesian wood and peruvian travertine stone tiles.  it is a full service resort offering on site aveda spa, the tahitian lanai bar & grille, and a concierge desk located in the main lobby to aid you with your acitvities.  the highlight of waipouli beach is the elaborate waterway which offers a heated saltwater river which winds its way across two acres of property.  the water system includes flumed waterslides, beautiful waterfalls, a cave, shallow pools designed just for children, three sand-bottomed whirlpools and the main swimming pool with poolside service.










 
poipu shores 
              
 
price range: $279-573


 this is a dramatic ocean front property located next to poipu beach on kauai's sunny south shore. these one, two and three bedroom condominiums offer all the necessary amenities to enjoy a relaxing vacation. when in season, you can watch whales breach and sea turtles float about from your private lanai. it is a short walk to several nice restaurants and one of the best body surfing beaches in the world! we are offering poipu shores at 25% off 3/1/11 through 12/22/11! 










 
hale awapuhi - kauai 
              
 
price range: $295-350


 unique and beautiful hale awapuhi is the ultimate hawaiian retreat. this nine unit condo offers privacy and luxury.  located in wailua on kauai's east side, hale awapuhi is nestled right on top of it's own small but private white sand beach and features an ocean facing swimming pool. 





















travelling 
      to hawaii on business or vacation? whether you are embarking on your 
      first trip or a seasoned traveller. my hawaiian holiday offers you great 
      vacation 
      advice and accommodation tips. let us help you plan your vacation rental 
      needs as we have insider knowledge and specially negotiated rates on most 
      of the rental properties in hawaii, maui, oahu and kauai. call or email 
      us for a no pressure, no obligation discussion on your 
      travel needs.



sign up 
                for our newsletter! 


name:



email:

























sitemap :: email  :: privacy policy :: partners
website design services 

 











