     aegean sailing school: rya sailing courses in greece            homecoursesrya journeyall abilitiesbeginnernoviceintermediateadvancedcharteraboutour teamour locationour sailing areaour instructorsour yachtsour rya-approved schoolfaqblogcontactdownload more informationhotels and accomodationsspecialsportokali cup – 2024 regattamilebuilding trip to the canary islands





homecoursesrya journeyall abilitiesbeginnernoviceintermediateadvancedcharteraboutour teamour locationour sailing areaour instructorsour yachtsour rya-approved schoolfaqblogcontactdownload more informationhotels and accomodationsspecialsportokali cup – 2024 regattamilebuilding trip to the canary islandssailing courses in greeceif your dream is to sail in the greek islands, then you are at the right place. welcome by aegean sailing school, where we will take you on a crystal blue sea, to visit all the hidden gems of greece and teach you all the secrets of life onboard. continue browsing with us to make your dreams a reality.
view courses
get in touch



learning to sail in greecewe offer you a variety of unique courses and experiences to learn how to sail. our goal is to tailor our courses to your needs as everyone has different wishes. yet, we all have the same final target: making sure your receive the best training you could ask for and in great conditions. sun, sand, swim, you name it and we will make our best for it to happen. what will suit you best? let's find out together.
find your desired course.
all coursesbeginnerintermediatenoviceadvanced
beginner


rya competent crewrya competent crew is your first step in learning to sail a yacht. it’s a 5-day course with a relaxed schedule, suitable for complete beginners or those with a little experience. with tuition from our highly...
enquire now
read moreintermediate


rya day skipper practicalrya day skipper practical is a course for those who are ready for more responsibility. it gives you the skills to skipper your own boat safely and confidently on tidal and non – tidal waters. with...
enquire now
read morenovice


rya 12-day competent crew + day skipper + navigation packagea two-week holiday and learning how to sail at the same time? if this sounds great to you, you are in the right place. with our very popular option of a 12-day course, you will return...
enquire now
read morenoviceintermediateadvanced


family sailing – rya coursesyou and your family learn how to sail but you value your privacy? we specialise in family courses for the serious sailing amateurs who also want to enjoy a holiday together at the same time. you...
enquire now
read more
view all courses
about aegean sailing schoolthe aegean sailing school is located on the island of aegina, just one hour by ferry from athens! we are a rya approved sailing centre offering a large range of sailing course for all levels of sailor including the popular rya competent crew course for beginners and the rya day skipper course for those looking to captain their own boat and explore the islands of the saronic gulf after their training! we are happy to answer all questions in regards the best sailing course for you or your group, simply contact us to start!
our rya-approved school
our sailing areaview more





greek village
view more
what our customers say about usamr considerate teami actually haven’t yet had the chance to attend the course, however i am basing my review on the honesty and consideration of the management.my travel plans were disrupted 2 days before the start of the course, and despite the notice being very short and possibly deranging they’re whole schedule, they understood my situation and extended me the opportunity to reschedule for a later date.special thanks to andrew and querijnrosanneit was great!our instructor, cate, was phenomenal! she adjusted her teaching style to the different levels of ability and learning styles with ease for the members of our group. she was very cool under pressure when situations came up and our group felt very safe under her. she really went above and beyond to ensure that everyone was comfortable and was getting exactly what they wanted out of the trip. we had such a blast with her! i would highly recommend.peter jenkinsexcellent course!did our competent crew with aegean sailing school in september 21. when we got there they were in the middle of ownership transition and logistics were quite confused, also the boat itself had seen better days. hence the 4 stars. hopefully these will be solved with the new ownership. but.... the course itself was amazing. the instructor was calm, knowledgeable and got us to learn and try new things. really professional and fun. the rest of the staff were also extremely friendly and did their best to solve all the problems above.
aegina itself is a wonderful town and so were all the ports of call along the way.
we are coming back in april for our dayskipper, so that says it all.adrianihigly recommended - fantastic experienceaegian sailing school has very professional instructors with a lot of experience under belt. i learned a lot during the 5 days of the course and the boat was pretty well maintained.i also met a lot of interesting and passionate people.
you will also have time to enjoy, have a few swims and socialise with great people.
overall it was a great experience, couldn't recommend it more.
 tripadvisor
 googlelatest newsover the past few decades of sailing, we have gathered quite some information about anything (even remotely) related to life onboard! feel free to have a read at our blog articles!
view all latest news
your rya journeyread more

presenting our fleetread more

behind the scenes: winter workread more

view all latest news
common questions about sailing in greecefor beginner sailors the choice of suitable course, sailing area and sailing school can feel overwhelming and it is difficult to get clear answers to the basic questions. below are some of the common themes we get asked about by our students before they come to greece and which our team is happy to answer to ensure you have the best experience possible while learning to sail.

what time does the course start?

on sunday at 17.00h you will meet with your instructor at our office. after a short welcome introduction, you go straight to the yacht and your course has begun!

how do i find availability?

email us! we do not have an online booking schedule, we are very fast to reply usually within an hour, sometimes weekends this could be a little longer as we are a busy school with many boats on a turnaround for the next courses. book ahead for the best chance of suitable availability. last minute booking is possible as our yachts have a mixed number of cabins, so do not hesitate to email or call us.

how much experience do i need to have for the day skipper course?

after the competent crew week the next step is the day skipper course. if you do not have a competent crew course certificate but do have some experience then you are able to book the day skipper course if your experience is the same as the competent crew syllabus. more than 5 days of active sailing experience on board a sailing yacht is an essential prerequisite and we know this practical and theoretical experience is needed for the day skipper course and ensures an enjoyable learning experience.
you will need to do the rya online essential navigation and seamanship course and our weekend theory class here on aegina. or you can complete the online day skipper theory course and bring the certificate with you.  email us for availability of the theory course you choose.

can i be contacted while sailing?

yes. our sailing area has full network coverage and signal.contact

can i rent a sailboat everywhere when i have my rya day skipper certificate?

yes you can! the rya licenses are known and accepted all around the world.
show more faqs

is learning to sail in greeceright for you?read what some of our sailing students have to say, explore our course catalogue, and contact us for more information about each course and our availabilities to come and sail in greece!
enquire nowget in touch

© 2025 aegean sailing school | maatwerk website door  webmix
downloads | cookies  | terms and conditionsaegean sailing school
the sailing centre
8 martyros leontiou st
aegina 18010
greece
(+30) 22970 25852
info@aegeansailingschool.com









homecoursesrya journeyall abilitiesbeginnernoviceintermediateadvancedcharteraboutour teamour locationour sailing areaour instructorsour yachtsour rya-approved schoolfaqblogcontactdownload more informationhotels and accomodationsspecialsportokali cup – 2024 regattamilebuilding trip to the canary islandsinquiry - sailing course(s)
  "*" indicates required fieldsnaam*

forename



surname

email address*
telephone numberpreferred month*januaryfebruarymarchaprilmayjunejulyaugustseptemberoctobernovemberdecembernumber of people*i'm interested in the following course(s)family flotillafamily sailing - rya coursesrya 12-day competent crew + day skipper + navigation packageday skipper 7-day on board course [theory + practical]rya src marine radiorya essential navigation & seamanship (ens)milebuilding tripsday skipper pluscompetent crew plusrya competent crewrya coastal skipperstart yachtingrya day skipper practicalcruising instructors coursecoastal/yachtmaster certificate of competence: prepweek + examrya navigation & day skipper practical packageonline rya day skipper shorebasedonline rya yachtmaster / coastal skipperhighest finished rya course*no finished rya coursesrya competent crewrya day skipperrya coastal skipperrya yachtmasterdo you use a rya logbook?

yes

nologged miles:private course?

yes

no

possiblyplease let us know your referenceadditional messageconsent* i agree with the terms and conditions.  










                            

