





ok international - global advanced manufacturing equipment











































 
home
careers
contact us
shop

 
















dispensing solutions for electronics & industrial manufacturing

world-class dispensing systems, dispensing robots, nozzles & tips, and material packaging
learn more












best-in-class soldering systems for advanced manufacturing

state-of-the-art solutions for industrial-strength soldering, desoldering, and rework
learn more












explore career opportunities

learn why thousands of people around the world choose to work at ok international
learn more










previous



next









ok international is a global advanced manufacturing equipment company delivering quality and innovation for benchtop soldering and dispensing solutions.
our signature brands include metcal, a global leader in benchtop soldering solutions, and techcon, an innovator of fluid and adhesive dispensing technologies. we are headquartered in cypress, ca, and have regional offices and sales support worldwide.

 
 








benchtop soldering and fume extraction solutions
visit metcal







adhesive and fluid dispensing solutions
visit techcon



 
 





industries we serve
our products are used in electronics and industrial advanced manufacturing in a variety of industries. our primary areas of focus include:

 
 





aerospace & military
automotive


data storage
electronics


industrial assembly
medical devices


solar energy
telecommunications

 
 






about dover
ok international is a dover company. dover is a diversified global manufacturer and solutions provider with annual revenue of over $7 billion. we deliver innovative equipment and components, consumable supplies, aftermarket parts, software and digital solutions, and support services through five operating segments: engineered products, clean energy & fueling, imaging & identification, pumps & process solutions and climate & sustainability technologies. dover combines global scale with operational agility to lead the markets we serve. recognized for our entrepreneurial approach for over 70 years, our team of approximately 24,000 employees takes an ownership mindset, collaborating with customers to redefine what’s possible. headquartered in downers grove, illinois, dover trades on the new york stock exchange under “dov.” additional information is available at dovercorporation.com.


 
 















cookies notice


soldering/desoldering
cartridges/tips
convection rework
fume extraction
fluid dispensing
dispensing valves and controllers
cartridges and nozzles
syringe barrels
dispensing tips/needles
dispensing robots
2-components dispensing
fluid dispensers
companyprivacy policy
code of business conduct
supplier code of conduct
terms & conditions
uk modern slavery act
careers
 


					© 2025 ok international. all rights reserved.				










