



	building from the ground up | roche bros, inc.













skip to main content










arrow_left



arrow_right



arrow-right2



arrow-left2



close



proj-man




quality-install












corporate-resources











partnerships



community




location



phone



facebook



instagram



linkedin













menu






about us


commercial services




                    commercial services



                    retaining walls



                    caissons



                    pavers



                    bridges



                    erosion & sediment control



                    fencing



                    entrance features



                    highway dot





exterior living




                    exterior living



                    outdoor kitchen



                    fire pits



                    seating areas



                    landscaping



                    patios



                    walkways



                    soake pools



                    fencing





snow removal & other emergency services




                    snow removal services



                    emergency services





our advantage




                    approach to managing projects



                    project planning



                    turn key solutions





photo galleries


rbi & the community


customers




                    customers



                    testimonials



                    success stories


                            hershey park


                            top golf


                            dowden's station














roche bros, inc.
 




  




roche bros, inc.














roche bros., inc. is proud to have served our customers for over 30 years!

learn more











premier installer of commercial retaining walls, hardscapes & other land development services

learn more











exterior living by rbi - comprehensive services for residential customers

learn more











snow removal & emergency services

learn more











rbi has expertise installing retaining walls of all types

learn more











the benefits to you of contracting with rbi are numerous

learn more











our services
view all projects >






commercial
commercial
  





andy's house
residential
  





commercial
snow
  







why choose us






      independent & comprehensive project management




independent & comprehensive project management
rbi takes total responsibility for all aspects of its work. we employ professional project managers skilled in pre-planning, issue resolution, innovative value engineering, installation management, punch out, schedule adherence and comprehensive project reporting to make sure of it. benefit to you: we’ll drive our project work with little to no demands on you – freeing you to focus on other project responsibilities.







      quality installations




quality installations
nothing can sink a project, and a company's reputation, more than poor quality work. at rbi, we strongly believe in the old adage, 'measure twice & cut once'. we hate rework! our owners, jim and joe roche, insist on delivering exceptional quality every time, on every project, for every customer. benefit to you: no costly, time consuming, project interrupting, rework – no worrying about us; you can devote your time elsewhere.







      substantial corporate resources




substantial corporate resources
we're self-sufficient in every way that matters to customers. rbi has all of the critical corporate resources required to serve you well at all times: tools, equipment, fleet of trucks (including tractor-trailer rigs), skilled crews, professional support staff, company-owned office and property complex, financial independence with substantial bank lines of credit, large network of trade partners and more. benefit to you: rbi will successfully complete its work for you and do so on time and within budget.







      partnerships to enable diverse solutions




partnerships to enable diverse solutions
rbi has developed a robust, highly qualified partner network of material suppliers, equipment and tool rental companies, specialty sub-contractors, architects, engineers, other professional firms and construction companies so that we can deliver cost-effective, value-engineered solutions to meet our customer's unique project requirements. benefit to you: no job is too big or too small – we’re capable of delivering solutions that meet your diverse and challenging project requirements.







      support to community and local charities




support to community and local charities
the owners and employees of roche bros., inc. believe strongly in giving back to the community - in sharing our good fortune with others. for many years now, the company and its employees have donated time, resources and talent to a variety of non-profit and charitable organizations. we hope you'll join us in giving to those in need. benefit to you: giving back is the right thing to do!















what our clients say

“in an industry fraught with missed commitments, it is nice to find a company that shares our values – that our customers can count on us.  from communicating the projects needs prior to award, through the operations team putting the work in place; we found the roche bros team great to work with at every step of the process.  your team members understand that a good relationship is based on getting and giving respect (50/50) and they all worked hard to cement the foundations of what we expect to be a lasting partnership.  please extend a sincere thank you to your team.”
-david gruber, senior project manager
ch+n site


“i am so grateful to rbi for our backyard patio! when we met with their rep and told him what we were looking for, he presented us with some options that really improved our original design and that were within my budget. the installation was superb and our patio is actually more beautiful than we anticipated. there’s no doubt that our paver walkway and patio are the single best upgrade we have had done since owning this house and that when we sell our house at some point in the future, our backyard will be a big selling point. i love spending time every evening on the patio during the spring, summer, and fall! i would recommend rbi to anyone who is looking for a superb look. they are trustworthy and reliable company. because of their expertise, my backyard is really beautiful!”
-jeff smith
residential customer


"i want to thank you guys for the great job that was done out here getting our retaining walls done.  not only did they go faster than expected but i can’t say enough how nice and easy it was working with thor and his crew.  they did everything as safe as we could provide and kept their work clean and organized.  job well done!!  thanks again and hope to cross paths in the future."
-tony cozzie
arco design/build southeast, inc.

“we have some of the region’s most prestigious live-work-shop property’s – and, as such, we take tremendous pride in making sure that everyone’s experiences on them are enjoyable, rewarding and, most-of-all safe. we’re exceptionally pleased to have forged a true working partnership with the folks at roche bros., inc. who have provided federal realty with outstanding snow removal services for years. whether it’s a small snow event or full scale blizzard, we can count on the team at rbi to get our properties cleared, well maintained and safe throughout each event. they do so efficiently, smoothly and with minimal disruption for our patrons. they take the headache and worry out of handling snow and ice storms for us!”
-ron becker, commercial snow removal
vp national property operations & sustainability, federal realty investment trust


read more testimonials >








have any questions?
*required fields



first and last name *

company name *

phone *

email *

type of job *


-- select --
commercial construction
residential construction
snow removal
other...


how can we help?



























commitment to community










about rbi & the community











      office  

5304 kings court
	frederick, md 21703


301-874-3077

 



commercial services
emergency services & snow removal
our advantage




project portfolio
rbi & the community
customers




   facebook 
   linkedin 





©2023 roche bros., inc all rights reserved
website design and development by americaneagle.com







close










