
















national dog day – london’s pooch friendly eateries.







































































national dog day – london’s pooch friendly eateries.






























































































wednesday, 26 august 2015








national dog day – london’s pooch friendly eateries.











august 26th is national dog day. they say dogs
are a man’s best friend, and what’s the point in having a best friend if you
can’t enjoy their company whilst having a bite to eat!


restaurant owners in london are
welcoming well behaved dogs, some even offering canine menus and others
offering treats for hungry hounds.


from steak houses in hampstead to
swanky brunches on the kings road, the source shares our top picks for the best
dog friendly eateries.


doggie sunday at gaucho, hampstead. with close proximity to
hampstead heath it is no surprise that gaucho hosts a doggie lunch. on the
first sunday of every month, it really is the perfect dog event. table bookings
are taken in your dogs name and a red carpet is laid out to welcome all the
pooches.once inside a personalised dog bowl with homemade treats awaits your
dogs approval. every month is a different theme, easter and xmas are especially
popular. being an argentinian restaurant, beef and chicken empanadas will of
course be on offer for your pooch to sample. as for humans, don’t worry there
is plenty for you too, the set menu is £35 and your dog eats free. a lovely
touch includes £5 donation by goucho for every dog attending is donated to
battersea dogs home. sounds like doggy heaven!


andrew edmunds is considered one of
the last bastions of old soho, this 18th century townhouse has 4 legged and 2
legged regulars! after a cultural walk around south bank and then through soho,
water bowls are provided and lucky pooches can order meaty dishes off the
regular menu.


after a stroll around blackheath,
south london head to the hare and  billet, one of the most idyllic and dog
friendly settings in london. the pub prides itself on tasty food with water
bowls provided on request.


e5 bakehouse is one of london’s best
loved artisan bakeries. stop by for fresh bread, cakes and coffee. dogs get
water and even baskets on the terrace for basking in the sun on the terrace.


in west london, after a few laps
of the kings road catwalk, take a break at the builders arms. the glossy
gesture pub is always lines with labradors and their equally glossy owners. dog
bowls and biscuits and happily provided.


if you and your pooch fancy more
than just lunch together, take a short break at the st pancras renaissance hotel in london
where barking box gift sets and treats are given on arrival and the hotel
butlers will provide doggie walks round the neighbourhood. otherwise go all out
with the paw seasons package (veryfirstto.com) complete with chef, chauffeur,
surf coach, louis vuitton collar and mulberry rain mac – yours for a cool
£47.000.


what price can you put on
splashing around with your most faithful friend at your side!
happy national dog
day to you all, from the source x





posted by



unknown




at

21:10



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
events,
events management,
inspiration,
national dog day,
news,
trends












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me




unknown



view my complete profile



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2015

(1)





        ▼ 
      



august

(1)

national dog day – london’s pooch friendly eateries.


















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























