


physical therapy in baltimore, maryland - oak tree pt






















physical therapy in baltimore, maryland - oak tree physical therapy





















home


health and fitness products


whole body vibration (wbv)


oak tree pt seminars:  enroll in a seminar


our services


meet the physical therapist


insurance and policies


directions


newsletter archives


ergonomics, occupational health and injury prevention


current topics in physical therapy


more topics


parkinson's disease


patient resources


physical therapy in baltimore, md -                           oak tree physical therapy


privacy notice


about this website


about the honcode seal


oak tree pt blog


protein powder recipes













welcome to oak tree physical therapy!  our physical therapists
                           provide physiotherapy, injury rehabilitation, pain management and sports medicine for all types of musculoskeletal disorders
                           (msd's).    we
                           now provide whole body vibration (wbv) for treatment of parkinson’s disease, stroke, balance disorders, osteoporosis
                           & osteopenia,  muscle atrophy, pain reduction, and improved athletic performance. 
                           we also provide ergonomic services that aid in injury prevention, helping
                           businesses become osha compliant.  our seminars help thousands of therapists every year provide better care for their
                           patients.  we are located in baltimore, maryland 


choosing
                           a healthcare provider is one of the most important decisions you can make. you want someone who is caring, knowledgeable,
                           and accessible. someone willing to take the time to go over all of your options and treat you as a person, not just a patient.
                           at our practice, we pride ourselves on our patient service. we offer a knowledgeable staff, safe and proven procedures,
                           and a track record of success. 

























office hours: by appointment only. home
                                             visits also arranged by appointment. call to schedule times: oak tree physical therapy (410) 218-4172





join the oak tree pt mailing list 
email:









privacy notice

  we subscribe
                                             to the honcode principles. verify here.
                                              













oak tree pt, llc 6207 biltmore avenuebaltimore, md 21215 (410) 218-4172

click here to contact us: pt@oaktreept.com

























health and fitness products

ergonomics, occupational health and injury prevention

physical therapy in baltimore, md -                           oak tree physical therapy





  oak tree physical therapy, llc6207 biltmore avenuebaltimore,
                                    md 21215-3603(410) 218-4172e-mail to: pt@oaktreept.comenjoy robust good health! 




this site does not receive funding or revenue from any outside sources, except for affiliate
                                    fees from amazon.com.



 
      


oak tree physical therapy on the web

















