



vermont unimog













































text 

width 

font size 

link 

location 

text color 

ribbon color 


 small
 normal
 large


 top-right
 top-left
 bottom-right
 bottom-left


















color 


black
white



















pop-up preset:





























location: 

centered
bottom right
fullscreen


width 

height 

pop options: 
timer 
on scroll 
on exit 


pop after

  seconds


pop after scrolling

 % of the page










































vermont unimog




arksen overland




new listings




expedition vehicles 




expedition vehicles 2




expedition vehicles 3




expedition vehicles 4




commercial used vehicles




military vehicles 




expedition vehicles 5









































vermont unimog




versatile trucks for all terrains and conditions








































 the ultimate utility vehicle




unimog




















































listings available for export and import 






new listings -2024    




















































vehicles for all terrain overland travel and habitation






expedition vehicles



















































mercedes - unimog - man - tatra -






commercial vehicles









































































contact us


























































expedition/overland





as overland and expedition travel has grown in north america and abroad, so has the number of clients seeking to source or build their own overland vehicle. from lightweight weekend and week long dirt track cruisers, to heavy multi-month long expeditions. there is a platform that works for nearly everyone.  

















































education 





we are available at no charge to adviseand help to ensure you are properly informed and fully prepared to make an acquisition. if we cannot provide guidance or information we are happy to refer to sources who can.  we are happy to answer any questions during your research and pre-purchase phase. 

















































importation





we manage, coordinate and facilitateany form of importation of medium and heavyoff-road capable vehicles. from standardexempt u.s. imports older than 25 years, tonewly manufactured vehicles full u.s. homologation modifications.  homologation cannot be performed on all vehicles but some vehicles can be modified according to their design and intended use.  

















































production





we can help coordinate customization of your truck from a variety of local and national vendors and service providers. from specialty fabrication to custom machining, we can help to create value and utility with your truck.   we now offer custom overlander box fabrication in europe,  utilizing marine grade components and design.  no vehicle too big or small.  



































































vermont unimog 





north clarendon, vermont usa





call: 800-877-1868



contact us
















































p.o. box 430 north clarendon, vermont 05759











































disclaimer











the following are wholly owned trademarks and/or copyrights: unimog is a trademark of mercedes-benz ag (daimler, ag)mercedes-benz trucks are a division of mercedes-benz ag (daimler, ag) man truck & bus is a trademark and division of man seural trucks are a trademark and division of ural aztatra trucks is a trademark and division of tatra. a.s. all rights are reserved by the copyright and trademark holders,   vermont unimog llc makes not expressed or implied relationship to any of the manufacturers contained herein.   images and representations are purely for informational purposes for used vehicles and equipment.    no implied warranty is given as to the importability of any vehicle or equipment contained herein.    vehicles may be required to be modified prior to import into a buyers home market.   





email for information














































