








cigar roller, cigar rollers for wedding golf cigar roller events













cigar rollers 



home
cigar rollers
custom cigar bands
cigars
click for a quote










          cigar roller,  u.s. cities;
cigar roller los angeles
cigar roller nyc
cigar roller miami
cigar roller boston
cigar roller orlando
cigar roller las vegas
cigar roller indianapolis
cigar roller new england
cigar roller maryland
cigar roller san francisco
cigar roller philadelphia


 cigar roller, event features;
cigar rollers
custom cigar bands
cigars
about us
contact for quote






cigar rollers, imported cigars and personalized cigar labels provided for events in 29 cities.

cigar rollers are available for demonstration as well as cigar servers and custom designed cigar bands created specifically for your event. there are no travel costs in the cities that we service ( now 26) with event planners that will. create a suggested package of cigar roller features that best fit your big event. prices range from an avg. of 300.00 for custom orders to 2700.00 for cigar rolling demonstrations with various features.


we are a brand and as such, have a higher level of accountability to ensure that your event along with our brand has nothing but success. we are not a store that coordinates these cigar rolling features as a side-job rather, all events are coordinated with attention to details for the planners who often know nothing about cigars. there is no commission or sales agenda as the planners have a promotional agenda to get the brand enjoyed by potential new clients, whether the guest list is 10 or 1000.
cigar rollers for this event season are booking now in full swing and reserving your date should be on the top of your to-do list.
cigar rollers, custom cigar bands along with our premium cigars are the best combination for success at your affair.

los angeles cigar rollers,boston cigar rollers, washington, dc, las vegas, miami, new york, new jersey, philadelphia, houston, dallas, san franciscoâ  are the newest additions to our list with las vegas cigar rollers and san francisco added just last month.
         the soho classic robustos are 5.5 x 50r with golden brown connecticut shade broadleaf surrounding grade 1, dominican ligero filler blend are most requested for events with a cigar roller performing, it is the most popular of our cigar models.
cigar rollers,â custom cigar bands,â cigar serversâ and the cf dominicana premium brand of cigars will all be brought together to give you the special memory you are looking for so reserving your date now that the event season is here should be top priority.

cigar rollers, houston,â miami,â orlando,â san francisco, palm beach,â new york, boston, chicagoâ andâ las vegas make it possible for you to have one of the most impressive features your guests will ever see, for an upscale event, the cigar rolling feature is a must.

cigar roller events are planned forâ pga golf cigar roller outings, wedding and corporate events and trade shows with our own event planners - they are not salespeople - rather their objective is to make certain that you don't make mistakes when you plan. many of our inquiries are typically the "gift givers" and are planning the cigar roller for the cigar aficionado in their life yet, they often don't know anything about cigars which can get them in trouble, especially on the internet. most sites are not real companies and there are no other brands other than cf dominicana that offers this unique feature, also known as cigar cateringâ®.
cigar rollers coordinated by "cf" always make a great presentation, are on time and the cigars are premium "grade 1" quality. this means that they are worthy of being sold in retail cigar stores and not cheap cigars often found in los angeles or miami.

custom cigar bandsâ are designed also free of charge and attached to each of your cigars and this feature makes it possible for you to simply go with cigars without the cigar roller for your event. this option is popular for smaller cigar parties and goes easier on the budget for more casual affairs or a backyard get together. the cigar bands are designed by our own in house designers, the are included free with every cigar purchase (event 4 packs) and make a great presentation that commemorates the event with anything that you would like to express in full color.
cf dominicana is a boutique brand and soon will have national distribution but on the way to that national presence, the same cigars sold in stores are available to be rolled right in front of your eyes!
los angeles, las vegas, new york, miami, chicago, san francisco, philadelphia, new jersey, south beach, long island, boston, phoenix, detroit, washington dc, atlanta, rhode island, connecticut, tampa, san diego, dallas, charlotte
 get a quote for your event 




back to top of page

get a quote for your event here
quotes for cigar roller events are ready during business hours 30 minutes from your submission;
















first name:







last name:







email:







phone number:







my event is a :


corporate event
personal special event
wedding








event date:


event date day:



event date year:




month
january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december



day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31



year
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034
2035






est start time for first cigar to be rolled:







event city and venue name:







total number of guests:







further details about your event we should know about:





 





â©2025 - cigar rollers for  wedding, golf and corporate events
los angeles, new york, las vegas, new jersey, chicago, houston, dallas, san francisco, philadelphia, miami, south beach, long island, boston, nashville. phoenix, detroit, washington d.c., atlanta, rhode island, hampton bays, palm beach, connecticut, orlando, tampa, san diego, salt lake city, charlotte, raleigh, indiana, sacramento

cigar cateringâ® is service marked exclusively for cf dominicana cigars. 
quotes for cigar roller events are available during monday through thursday, 8am to 3pm pst. *fridays and weekends should be avoided for questions as we typically have active events during these times. 
back to top of page



cigar rollers, cigarflavors.com sitemap

privacy policy




 







