




tunk creek dave




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































tunkcreekdave
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














tunkcreekdave







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







tunk creek dave 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
tunkcreekdave's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

tuesday, july 21st, 20098:02 am
mickey mouse good thing it is getting hotter and dryer here.  working on dehydrating the little bastard.  not sure where he is, but very well may be in my venerable lazy boy. 
(1 comment |comment on this)tuesday, november 25th, 20089:02 am
email alert"there may be a problem with the mail server or network. check the settings for account “addnorya” or try again.the server error encountered was: the connection to the server “gandalf.addnorya.net” on port 993 timed out."wonder what this message means? 
(3 comments |comment on this)tuesday, november 4th, 200811:00 am
good day for it is a good day to stay inside.  cold and raining out; maybe a little sleet and snow mix.  it is a good day to not watch tv or listen to radio news.  it is a good day to read a book. 
(1 comment |comment on this)monday, november 3rd, 200811:11 am
snow the last time it snowed here was 10 june 08.  yes, a little snow in the yard as i write; much more on the surrounding hills. 
(comment on this)friday, october 24th, 20087:29 pm
cool down lap now that i have had a week to think about the last f1 race the best part was seeing the compact clutch assemblies allowing for rabbit starts and quick shifts up and down the ratios. 
(1 comment |comment on this)wednesday, october 15th, 20086:13 pm
while in town spent the day in town.  wal*mart, home depot, ace, napa, lenny judd's to con kevin into lunch - would not go, so caribou inn (for lunch with someone else's wife; a neighbor's wife who happened to be there waiting for her order), hamilton farm equipment {irrigation department}, hamilton farm {equipment department}, hamilton farm {irrigation department cause i forgot something}, and finally back home to play with tiko and all the pump stuff i bought.  finally got in the house to find it was down to 61 f.  now that is getting too %#@m$ cold so clicked on the oil furnace.  i don't care if i am working on the last 50 or so gallons of heating fuel and the oil company won't deliver up here any more; i want to be warmer than 61 tonight.  good night.  fight with the oil company tomorrow. 
(comment on this)wednesday, october 8th, 20089:07 am
going south think i'll go south this winter, like the stock market.  won't have to buy heating oil if i go south.  can't buy heating oil because the stock market already went south.  can't afford diesel for the truck so i can't go south. 
(2 comments |comment on this)sunday, august 3rd, 200810:59 am
electrical insulation we have a spring over the hill from the house used to water the yard and her garden.  pump quit the other day. she was whining about being able to water her garden.   made a couple of trips down there yesterday to see what was wrong.  no luck.  today i turned it on at the house and the pump worked.  later i plugged it in again and no luck.  went down the hill again while the circuit was energized.  heard a buzzing from the junction box at the pump.  turned out the motor starter (relay) was buzzing.glad i had a spare relay.  switched out the relay and everything is fine now.  on the old relay i can see the tail of some bug sticking out between one of the four contacts.  guess dead bugs make good electrical insulation. 
(comment on this)sunday, july 27th, 20081:28 pm
competition yellow oxymoron = competition yellow= nap = indy = nap = nascar racing = nap= racing tires = nap current mood:  bored
(comment on this)friday, february 8th, 200810:21 am
email something has gone wrong with sending email.  not sure i am getting any either.  wonder what could be wrong. 
(1 comment |comment on this)friday, january 25th, 20081:03 pm
in the basement there is some pos electronic wonder in the basement cheeping away.  i can not find the damn thing.  took the batteries out of the door bell.  that was not it.  what and where the cheeping is coming from i still don't know.  maybe it is a lost smoke alarm or co monitor.  going outside so i don't have to hear it.  damn cold out too.ah, it was the old co monitor.  where it was and where the cheep was coming from were not the same. 
(3 comments |comment on this)monday, october 29th, 20076:23 pm
tiko after davis came to live at our place, till death parts us, we now have a full dozen hay burners.  just finished unloading 6 big bales for the hay burners off the old blue trailer and one off the green truck.tiko arrived the other day.  he is just fantastic.  he is a good looking friendly fellow too.  i am keeping him in the shop.  fits in good there.  so, that makes a total of three cats we have now. 
(comment on this)friday, september 7th, 20078:59 pm
monza the suggestion was made by a tv announcer to bring a good pair of shoes to go for a fun walk around the monza track; bet that it might be more fun to white knuckle it all the way around. 
(comment on this)thursday, september 6th, 20074:39 pm
iphone send your iphone refund to me.thanks, tcd 
(5 comments |comment on this)tuesday, september 4th, 20079:39 pm
the cats kit-kat and pretty kitty went to the vet today to get a good shaving.  when we got there to pick up the cats jean (the vet) handed us a little baggy with body parts she found in kit-kat's left rear paw.seems that when he was de-clawed on all fours years ago the vet that did the deed missed some parts of the claw.  on two of kit-kat's toes these bits started growing.  one the pieces jean took out looked just like a cat claw.  this claw had grown up the leg 180 degrees from the direction a normal claw would grow.  on top of that it had exited the top of his foot.  because of his hairiness we never notice this artifact.shame on us. 
(comment on this)tuesday, june 26th, 20074:57 pm
a hole in one; many on the other no, this is not a golf story.  this one is about our 'irrigation well' out front of the house.  at least that is how it is labeled on the panel in the basement.  last week we had the well guys out to pull the pipe and submersible pump from the well we were using when we first moved up tunk creek.  so, now it stands abandoned.  zoe thinks i should hook it up again.  seems like it has very corrosive water.  the galvanized down pipe was riddled with holes.  no wonder i only made one feeble attempt a few years ago to get it up and running as a back up of sorts.  even thought about running one rain-bird off it.the well guys next pulled the irrigation well pipe and pump since it had lost pressure.  like good well guys they figured it was the pipe rotted out like the other well.  nope, they did not see any holes.  i had pressure tested the pipe, but that check only took us down to a check valve i had forgotten was installed about six years ago this month.  like a fool i went along with their suggestion that it must be the expensive gundfos pump.  they installed the rather rugged looking pump from the old house well and dropped it in the hole.same results.  no pressure to speak of; exactly like the gundfos.  albert suggested i bring the gundfos down to his shop for a test.  did that the next morning.  went back to retrieve the pump about 5 hours later and find out the test results.  what do you know; the pump passed with flying colors.  in fact it ran the gauge right up to the new specification for this pump.  put out a head of 290 feet.today albert and his helper were back with their rig and pulled the pipe and pump again.  ah yes, there was the hole in one piece of pipe.  the helper spotted it right below the check valve in the galvanized korean pipe.  went plastic this time except for the upper five and a half feet which is above the maximum static level of the well.  works fine.  running one rain-bird just like before the thing blew a hole.  oh yes, i had them put the grundfos back in this well since it will be used shortly to back up the house well when i tear into piping and drain problems.going to build my own pump test stand next.  going to start pulling my own pipe and pumps too.  can't wait to see the bill from the well guys. 
(comment on this)monday, june 18th, 20074:49 pm
nice kitty the other morning i found the garage man door hanging open; also found the dome light on in my truck.  the passenger door was not closed all the way.  might have been a prowler i thought; so, been locking stuff up.today i was down working on the spring.  the pump output had been dwindling by the day.  found the foot valve screen mostly clogged with slim.  probably dead algae.  on one of my many trips up and down the hill to the spring i went into the shop to get yet one more tool.  heard a very pitiful meowing.  found a cat in the garage sitting on top of a piece of fiberglass insulation on top of the hood of the dead 'heep' which has now been sitting for over a year up on blocks.left the door open.  think the cat left.  wonder just how long he had been locked up?  without water!  maybe with the odd meal of mice. 
(comment on this)sunday, june 17th, 200712:36 pm
200 mph blue flag some people let a tennis racket fly, a golf club slip, or a baseball bat spin away, but not a blue flag.  maybe a wrist strap would have helped. 
(comment on this)9:56 am
four flat funeral living up tunk creek a person tends to get involved in the damnedest things.  friday was no different.  needed to be up at the cemetery early to dig a grave for one of our neighbors.  a bunch of use were sitting around visiting waiting for kevin to show up with mike ray's kubota back-hoe.  of course it was a beautiful morning.  before the fellows got there a young doe had walked past me about 20 feet from my seat on the tailgate.a few clouds, a great view and just the right temperature for another cup of coffee and a visit with the neighbors.  none of us knew paul haas very well, but agreed he was a nice guy.  we were also wondering just how big a grave would be required for him.  think he was 6-4 or 5; maybe 300 pounds.  about then kevin pulled up with the kubota on his trailer.  said he had loaded it and realized the two back tires on the trailer were almost flat.  said he got them aired up at bobby-baby's.kevin put me on the kubota and we got to work digging.  it went real nice with the back-hoe at first.  then one man at a time had to get in the grave and clean up the sides and move dirt from the far end so the back-hoe could reach the material.  we had a few roots to deal with this time too.  good thing hugh brought his polaski.we got the grave done and pulled out just before the 10 o'clock deadline for the fellow to set up the fake grass and coffin liner.  kevin and i stayed around waiting; the other fellows headed out.  the set up guy showed right close to noon when the service was supposed to start so we helped him set up.  we waited some more.  the funeral procession arrived with their headlights on about an hour late.the hearse backed to within about 30 feet of the grave as the friends and relatives gathered.  kevin and i were going to attend the service too since both of us had known paul.  the six pall bearers looked kind of strained as they moved the  coffin over the grave.  the meat wagon driver started looking frantic.  we thought it was just because he was running so late.  no, it was because the back left tire on the hearse was making an incessant hissing sound.kevin told the driver to get the thing moved out to firm ground up by the cemetery shack so we could jack it up.  i stayed for the service which was very simple.  a grand daughter played a piece on her clarinet, paul's son said a few words, a high priest ( found out he was lds later) said a few more words, and then the two army types folded the flag and handed it off.  i got to talk with a few of the family members.about then kevin came up behind me and told me to take the spare up to bobby-baby's and get it aired up.  at this point i was on a mission from god for sure.  normally i don't drive tunk creek road at 60 plus.  the damn tire would not hold air so i hoofed it back to the cemetery.  the set up man had given me the wrong tire; he gave me the dead tire that had come off the left rear.  this time on the way back to bobby-baby's i set a new record; bettered that on the way back to the cemetery.mike ray had been calling kevin about every five minutes on the cell phone wanting his hoe back.  kevin could not back fill the grave with all the family standing around.  the last car was headed out when i was bringing the aired up spare into the cemetery grounds.  kevin did a record time back filling operation admitting later that the work had not been done with the usual reverence we observe during these somber occasions.the hoe was on the trailer and lashed down.  mike called again for his hoe.  kevin told him it was on the way.  kevin said give me a beer.  we sat on the tail gate of my truck and enjoyed a cold one; we reflected on the beauty and quiet of the cemetery grounds.  we headed up to bobby-baby's with the hoe and another cold one in hand. 
(comment on this)wednesday, may 30th, 200712:31 pm
freeze dried horse shit started cleaning out tcz's horse paddocks.  got one done.  worked on the second this morning until the wind came up.  i cleaned these paddocks last fall so all of the horse shit freeze dried over winter.  fluffy damn stuff.  could use a 10 foot wide bucket on my little kubota for moving this material to our growing compost pile.  the material is so light and fluffy that the wind blows it off the bucket into my eyes, ears, etc.if the wind is not right (blowing towards tcz's sisters house) i don't like hauling to the compost pile at all.  so, the question at hand is just how much water does it take to re-hydrate freeze dried horse shit.  just came in from re-hydrating the freeze dried horse shit.  bet it is like concrete in the bag.  one more drop of water and it turns to slop. 
(comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]





about livejournal.com































