


well log digitizing, well log analysis, well log interpretation, well log scanning, 2d, 3d mapping digitizing, structure map, fence diagram, structure maps, data normalization, correlation, well log normalization, correlation functions, normalize, correlate














about 
services 
 drilling products
earthwork 
contact 


e-mail account


user: 
 
pin: 
 



 
well log digitizing

well 
        log digitizing 
well 
        log normalization 

 
      log & map scanning

log & map scanning 

map digitizing

 map digitizing
reservoir studies
fence diagram
cross section

well log analysis

limited log data 
complex sand & shale 
low resistivity pay 
carbonate formation 
fractured mudstone 
coal bed methane 
shallow gas 
flooded formation 
igneous, volcanic rock 
common sand & shale 
consultant 
comments 
for investor 
what do we do 

 drilling equipments 

 pump units
 mud pump
 plunger pump

live help






earthwork

dirt work/earthwork 
earthwork job openings 
earthwork blog 






 well log digitizing, well log analysis, well log interpretation, 3d mapping, drilling, workover, oil & gas joint venture  
the lowest price, highest quality well log digitizing services logdigi,llc provides the lowest price well log digitizing, the highest quality, and the fastest well log digitizing service. logdigi's automated well log digitizing system is a new strong competitor of other companies - well log digitizing system. logidigi's well log digitizing fee is much cheaper than other digitization company. 
well log digitization price: the lowest price start from $19/well or more. negotiable price can decrease your cost. no start fee for each well. no extra charge for rush orders. 
convert(digitized)paper log to digital log within 2 hours, faster than ohter well log digitizer 
accommodate order large and small, rush or long term 
guarantee high quality service, 100% customer satisfaction 
use automated digitizing software to digitize, automated tracing well log 
quality control: digitization software has an efficient "automatic match function" 
deliver well-logging data in standard las format. 
more

the reasonable price, highest quality well log scanning services 

logdigi,llc provides the lowest price well log scanning, the highest quality, and the fastest well log scanning service. logidigi's well log scanninging fee is much cheaper than other scanning company. 
well log, map scanning price: the lowest price in this industry for scanning paper well log and map. negotiable price can decrease your cost. no extra charge for rush orders. 
convert paper log to tiff image digital log within 10 seconds
accommodate order large and small, rush or long term 
more

well log interpretation, geology analysis, consulting services
    with our experienced professionals and using proprietary software, we provide 
    our services at a higher quality, in a shorter period of time, and with affordable 
    cost. logdigi offers well-logging analysis and interpretation services. logdigi's 
    well-logging analysts will give our customers a valuable report and further 
    high quality services. logdigi cooperates with petroleum recovery, llc (pr) 
    production service company to joint venture to develop semi-depleted oil field 
    in texas. 
    comments
bureau of economic geology, the university of texas at austin thank you very much for the demonstration of your new log analysis software on june 12 and 13, 1995. the software based on the derivative techniques is really good for evaluating a variety of sandstone reservoirs, especially for those with extremely low resistivities. i think that your software has the potential to become a very popular log analysis package. i would really like to see further development in your software in the near future. ---- bureau of economic geology 
see more examples of low resistivity pays
what does a well-log analyst do?in the process of drilling a well or once a well is drilled, a well-log analyst takes measurements to evaluate the wells potential to produce. sometimes it is possible to cut core samples from the formation. if this is done, the core sample is tested in a lab to determine its lithology, porosity, and permeability. many more specialized tests may be run on the core sample once it is retrieved from the well. however, many times costly core sample can not be taken from the well, thus sophisticated electron, nuclear, and acoustic tools are sent down the well on a wire-line. information from these tools is sent up the well-bore to a computer system on the surface. trained engineers retrieve and interpret the data. this can prove to be valuable information, helping the petroleum engineer determine if it is financially feasible to drill deeper, produce the well from explored zones of interest or take additional measurements. working in conjunction with geologist, reservoir, and production engineers the well-log analyst will work with the team to decide where the next well should be drilled. 
what do we do?
90% old oil wells do not have nuclear and sonic logging. for many oil companies, in order to re-exame their oil fields, they have to sent down sophisticated nuclear, and acoustic tools on a wire-line for the well. it costs them a lot to do that. 
we re-evaluate your oil fields with your existing logs. we do not need "many times costly core sample taken from the well", and "sophisticated nuclear, and acoustic tools are sent down the well on a wire-line". what we need just gamma ray (or sp),and resistivity. we can match your budget to re-evaluate your oil fields. 
we determine the fluid and pressure distributions throughout the reservoir, the natural energy sources available, and the methods most useful in recovering the maximum amount of oil or gas from the reservoir. 
we analyze, interpret, and optimize the performance of individual wells. we decides if it is economically feasible to make the investment needed to produce the well. if it is, the production engineer is given the tasks to determined how to bring this valuable fluid to the surface. 
we analyze data to locate drilling sites where oil and gas may have accumulated in commercial quantities. 
for the investor
why invest in oil and gas wells? some of the world's wealthiest individuals and companies made their fortunes in oil and gas! 
potential high financial rewards return of capital in as little as 12 to 24 months. 
better than 10 to 1 potential return on investment. 
greater than 50% annual rate of return. 
add balance and serve as a hedge for "stock and mutual fund heavy" portfolios. 

risk focus on development of existing fields with proven reserves, thereby reducing or eliminating the risk of "wildcatting" dryholes. 
reduce risk by utilizing state-of-the-art technologies not available even 10 years ago. 
available projects would be economically attractive if oil and gas prices fall 30%. 

tax benefits drilling and recompletions are the very best tax advantaged investments. 
congress gives tax breaks to individual investors that are not available to large companies. 
up to 100% tax deductible ... 65 to 80% (intangilbles) can be written off in first year. 
15% of revenue is tax-free with depletion allowance. 
learn more

drilling prospect availability small drilling and recompletion prospects are better than ever (and there are more of them). 

competition the large oil and gas companies have gone offshore and overseas in search of finding the "big" oil fields. 
over 10,000 oil companies have left the u.s. fields since 1982. 

demand/consumption petroleum demand in the u.s. requires nearly 60% of oil to be imported from foreign nations. 
natural gas is difficult and expensive to store. u.s. consumption of natural gas has outstripped production in recent years, leading to soaring gas prices. 

government encourages domestic drilling with special tax breaks. 
mandating natural gas usage over oil and coal. 
natural gas is now deregulated. 

window of opportunity traditional sources of drilling money are no longer available, which is a bonanza for accredited investors. oil and gas prices are projected to stay at high levels for at least the next 5 years. 

logging historythe advent of well logging in the 1920s and its subsequent development into a sophisticated technology revolutionized the oil and gas exploration and production industry. the ability to "look and measure" such things as formation type, formation dip, porosity, fluid type and other important factors transformed the drilling and completion of oil and gas wells from an ill-defined art into a refined science. logging development encompasses three major areas: electric logging, sonic or acoustic logging, and nuclear logging. an understanding of their development is an understanding of the industry's technical progress. 
electric loggingthe genesis of electric well logging resides with conrad schlumberger, who while a physics professor at the ecole de mines de paris, france, conceived the idea of prospecting for metal ore deposits by using their electrical conductivity to distinguish them from their less conductive surroundings. one of the first tests, according to schlumberger historians, was performed in his bathtub, which was filled with various rocks for the experiment. working with his brother marcel schlumberger, conrad began a series of test surface surveys in europe, africa and north america over a 3-year period. their discoveries included an oil-productive salt dome in romania, a precursor of things to come. 
in 1926, the brothers formed societe de prospection electrique and began to develop the theory that adding resistivity information from deeper formations would increase the effectiveness of their surface prospecting. by lowering an electric sonde down a 1,600-ft (488- m) well in france's pechelbronn field sept. 5, 1927, the brothers created the first well log. this log was painstakingly recorded point by point, meter by meter, using makeshift equipment and then plotted by stitching together the successive readings (figure 1). the technology worked simply. three electrodes - a, m and n - are lowered to the bottom of the wellbore on three insulated wires. current from electrode a passes through the drilling mud and spreads out into the formation. the potentials measured at m and n are transmitted to the surface where they are measured. by measuring the potential difference between m and n, and the strength of current from a, the apparent formation resistivity is calculated (figure 2). following the initial success with the first electric resistivity logs, logging technology began to develop rapidly. in 1931, the accidental discovery of spontaneous potential (sp), produced naturally by the borehole mud at the boundaries of the permeable beds, led to an innovative new logging technique - simultaneously recording sp and resistivity curves. this technique enabled producers to differentiate permeable oil-bearing beds from impermeable, nonproducing ones. by 1936, the industry could augment resistivity logs with formation sample takers, automatic film recorders and multispacing resistivity curves for deep wells. the 1940s were a period of rapid development in logging technology despite the intervention of world war ii. in 1941, logging took another major step forward with the introduction of the spontaneous-potential dipmeter, which greatly improved the vertical resolution of openhole logs. the tool allowed the calculation of a layer's dip - the deviation of that layer from true horizontal - and the direction of the dip. this measurement was improved further with the resistivity dipmeter in 1947 and the continuous resistivity dipmeter in 1952. 
during the 1940s, development in other areas forced innovations in logging. one of the most important was the introduction of oil-based mud (obm) in the rangely, colo., oil fields in 1948. obms are nonconductive. normally configured electrical surveys require a conductive mud (water-based) system.1 the solution to logging in obms was the induction log, developed in the late 1940s. in induction logging, "high-frequency ac of constant intensity is sent through a transmitter coil. the alternating magnetic field thus created induces secondary currents in the formation (that) flow in circular ground-loop paths coaxial with the transmitter coil. these ground-loop currents, in turn, create magnetic fields that induce signals in the receiver coil. the induced receiver signals are essentially proportional to the conductivity of the formation."2 throughout the 1950s and 1960s, electric logging continued to develop, but it was the computerized processing of logs that catapulted the sector ahead in 1962. computerization allowed much faster log processing, thereby allowing the dramatic expansion of log data-gathering capability. by 1970, the sector was poised on the brink of significant advances in logging technology, particularly in the field of nuclear logging. but advances still were being made in electric logging, especially in the area of mass and speed of data collection. the year 1971 saw the introduction of combination logging systems. combos allowed loggers to acquire different sets of data simultaneously rather than in sequential runs. thus were born tools that provided gamma ray, sp, resistivity, sonic and caliper measurements in a single run. 
sonic loggingin 1946, working in large part off technology developed during world war ii, the logging sector produced the first sonic log, the casing collar locator. this technology allowed more accurate depth measurement inside casing and more exact placement of perforations and completion equipment. sonic logs generally work by generating signals in the 20-khz to 30-khz range, although some tools operate at higher ranges. most acoustic logging tools have centralizers at one end and three caliper arms at the other end to keep the tools centered in the hole. an acoustic wave transducer atop the tool generates the acoustic signal. two receivers at the lower end of the tool receive the signal. "after a signal from a transducer travels through the fluid and strikes the borehole wall at the critical angle, a compressional wave is transmitted down the borewall in the direction of the receivers. as it propagates along the borewall toward the receivers, fluid waves are continually refracted back into the fluid. however, only two refracted ray paths are of interest: the ray paths taken back toward the two receiving transducers ... if we measure the difference in time of arrival of the compressional wave at the two receivers, we can determine the compressional wave travel time through the rock formation opposite the two receivers." 
during the next three decades, sonic logging moved into several measurement fields, including: 
porosity measurement; 
cement bond evaluation; 
fracture detection; 
lithology determination; 
mechanical rock properties measurement; 
borewall and casing inspection; 
seismic calibration; 
abnormal formation pressure detection; and 
gas-bearing formations identification. 
although nuclear logging has supplanted some of its functions, acoustic logging remains a vital part of the logging suite and regularly is run in some form in combination logging tools. 
nuclear logginglogging using radiation of nuclear origin got its start in 1940. the initial nuclear logging tools recorded "the natural gamma radiation emitted by the formations crossed through by boreholes. of the three identified nuclear radiations - alpha, beta and gamma - only gamma radiation, which is of the electromechanical type, can be used in well logging because it alone has sufficient penetrating power to go through the formation and the steel casing." 
from passive radioactive monitoring in the gamma ray tool, the logging industry moved rapidly to active nuclear bombardment and measurement. in a formation density log, first introduced in 1962, the borehole wall is irradiated with a gamma ray source. a gamma ray counter then records the reflected rays. the number of gamma rays returned vs. those diffused relates to the density of the formation. the industry took nuclear logging one step further with the introduction of neutron logs in the late 1960s. neutron logs also measure returned gamma rays, but in this instance, those generated by fast- or slow-moving neutrons. neutrons are emitted by mixed radioactive sources. "most of the (neutron's) energy lost is done so during collisions with hydrogen nuclei … after having traveled a certain distance, a neutron becomes 'thermal' or 'slow' and is captured by an atom, which emits a capture gamma ray."6 since the distance a neutron can travel without hitting a hydrogen nuclei varies with the amount of hydrogen present, both porosity and formation contents can be determined. the original neutron logs were augmented later by pulsed neutron logs and neutron spectroscopy logs. 
one of the biggest breakthroughs in recent logging history has been the advent of nuclear magnetic resonance (nmr) logging. the technology has proven more potentially beneficial and more confounding than its early developers could have imagined. 
nmr tools function by creating a magnetic field in the borehole and then sending out pulses that polarize the hydrogen in water, oil and gas in the formation. as these hydrogen nuclei realign themselves to the original magnetic field, they induce signals in the tool's receiver, which are recorded by electronics. the amplitude of the signal relates directly to porosity, and the signal relaxation time relates to the size of the pore spaces containing fluids, providing an indication of permeability. nmr is a fluids-only measurement; however, due to the interactions of the pore fluids with rock surfaces, the rock matrix can significantly influence the fluid response. 
the technology has existed since the early 1960s, but it has taken several decades to refine the process, with numar - now a halliburton subsidiary - the first to bring a continuous nmr logging tool to the market. the result has been an offering of tools and associated products that provide better depth of investigation and more information than ever before while traveling at the same pace as a traditional triple combo. 
pipe-conveyed loggingfor at least two decades, highly deviated holes have required loggers to run their suites of tools on pipe. initially those efforts took the form of traditional logging tools run on coiled tubing with electric line run inside the tubing. almost instantaneous information received continually at the surface - now known as logging-while-drilling (lwd) and measurement-while-drilling (mwd) - while the well was being drilled had always been a goal. that goal was within range of the sophisticated logging tools by the advent of the combination tools in the early 1960s. the barrier to earlier implementation of mwd and lwd was not the logging tools but the method by which to send the information to the surface while drilling with jointed pipe. as it turns out, a key advance in logging tools was not another logging technology but rather mud-pulse technology, which allows nearcontinual transmittal of logging information from tools on the bottom of the drillstring to processors at the surface through measurement of short, varying variances in mud pressure created by a component of the logging suite downhole. it is possible to employ almost any logging suite combination on the bottom of drillpipe and log the hole as it is drilled. while some operators remain reluctant to allow decisions on a well to be made solely on mwd/lwd logs, reliability and correlation have improved dramatically . 
references 1. etnyre, lee m., finding oil and gas from well logs, van nostrand reinhold, new york, p. 161, 1989. 2. bradley, howard b., petroleum engineering handbook, society of petroleum engineers, richardson, texas, 3rd edition, pp. 49-14, 49-15, 1992. 3. etnyre, pp. 94-95. 4. ibid. 5. debrandes, robert, encyclopedia of well logging, editions technip, paris, france, pp. 150-151, 1985. 6. debrandes, p. 9 
reservoirreservoir: a subsurface, porous, permeable rock body in which oil and/ or gas is stored. most reservoir rocks are limestones, dolomites, sandstones, or a combination of these. the three basic types of hydrocarbon reservoirs are oil, gas, and condensate. an oil reservoir generally contains three fluids – gas, oil, and water – with oil the dominant product. in the typical oil reservoir, these fluids occur in different phases because of the variance in their gravities. gas, the lightest, occupies the upper part of the reservoir rocks; water, the lower part; and oil, the intermediate section. in addition to its occurrence as a cap or in solution, gas may accumulate independently of the oil; if so, the reservoir is called a gas reservoir. associated with the gas, in most instances, are salt water and some oil. in a condensate reservoir, the hydrocarbons may exist as a gas, but, when brought to the surface, some of the heavier ones condense to a liquid. 
published paper
a three-step approach to detect and remove grid lines in well-logging digitization 
publishing in 2005 international conference computer graphics and imaging (cgim 2005) 
paper number: 478-020 

drilling equipments
pumper
n.  [well workover and intervention]
a mobile high-pressure pumping unit commonly used for cementing or stimulation operations. most pump units are configured with a high-pressure triplex pump and one or more centrifugal pumps to precharge the triplex pump and handle displacement fluids.  
triplex pump
n.  [well workover and intervention]
a positive-displacement reciprocating pump that is configured with three plungers. triplex pumps are the most common configuration of pump used in both drilling and well service operations. pumps used in well service activities generally are capable of handling a wide range of fluid types, including corrosive fluids, abrasive fluids and slurries containing relatively large particulates.  
frac pump
n.  [well workover and intervention]
a high-pressure, high-volume pump used in hydraulic fracturing treatments.  
mud pump
f series (emsco) mud pumps of various sizes up to 1600hp and 5000psi. delivery 3-6 months.
our price is start from $60,000 and the price is negotiable.
scope of application
mud pump is used to circulate the mud during the drilling. 
examples:we just listed two type of f-1300 and f-1600 mud pump ,which are mainly used in the drilling liquid circulating system, the nominal well depth is between 3500m and 7000m (10,000 ft ~ 20,000 ft)
features
the type of f-1300 and f-1600 mud pump, used the mature advanced technology and the advanced structure in home and abroad,transmission gear system on the power end are the high hardness involute herringbone gears, with high gear ratio, anticorrosion, high strength, high efficiency,the hydraulic end used the hard airproof structure, which makes the reliability of airproof is high,the lubricating system used dual return circuit structures, which raise the lubricating effect, and lengthen the life span,through optimizing the design of the shell and main structure makes the structure more reasonable, maintaining more convenient, performance more stable, and furthermore ,have the merits of low frequency, long stroke, large displacement.  
execution standard and certificate
the main components of this product accord with the correlated standards of api spec 7k??specification for drilling equipments? and ?triplex single acting mud pump?, and in sept.2002, this product acquired the authorization to use official api monogram.
pumping units
pumping units of all sizes. delivery 2-3 months.
our price is start from $10,000 and the price is negotiable.
examples: c25-56-36; c40-89-36; c40-89-42; c-80-133-54; c-80-109-48; c-114-173-64; c-114-143-74; c-160-143-74; c-160-173-74; c-160-173-86; c-228-143-100; c-228-173-100; c-228-213-120; c-228-246-86; c-320-256-100; c-320-256-120; c-320-305-100; c-320-173-120; c-320-213-120; c-456-213-144; c-456-256-144; c-456-213-168; c-456-305-144; c-640-256-168; c-640-256-192; c-640-305-168; c-640-365-144; c-640-305-192; c-912-365-168; c-912-365-192; c-912-365-240  
plunger pump
plunger pumps for stimulation etc. of various sizes up to 1600hp and 15000psi. delivery 4-6 months. our price is start from $80,000 and the price is negotiable.  
      





contact us:logdigi, llctx, u.s.a. 
services@logdigi.com    http://www.logdigi.com

 

