ï»¿luxury day spa in jacksonville, fl | ponte vedra spaskip to content     book nowcheck in ) check out  rooms  adults  children  book now  toggle navigation    spa servicesevents & specialsspa dininggroupscontactgift cards welcome to the spa at ponte vedra inn & club open modal button  ×close modal treat them to something special. make valentine's day extra special! for every $200 in spa gift cards purchased through february 14, enjoy a $20 thank you voucher as our gift to you. treat yourself or someone you love.learn morespa services to revitalize mind, body, and soulluxury spa in ponte vedra beachfind your ultimate luxury spa experience at the spa at ponte vedra inn & club in ponte vedra beach. treat yourself to a transformative spa day with world-class spa services and amenities guaranteed to renew your aura. whether you are looking for a massage, facial, or other premium treatments, you will find our tranquil setting, nature-inspired décor, and expert staff to be just the thing you need.treat yourselfspa servicestailored to perfection, your unique spa experience at the spa at ponte vedra inn & club awaits. whether you're seeking a couple's escape, a girlfriend getaway, or a personal sanctuary, our expert therapists offer a range of indulgent treatments, from revitalizing massages to luxurious body wraps.learn more   nature-inspired serenity. first coast hospitality like no other. for visitors and locals alike.delight friends and loved onesspa gift cardsgive the gift of relaxation to someone you love. the spa offers more than 100 pampering services, including massage, facials, body treatments, and serene moments they so much deserve. learn more   events & specialsseasonal specialsa natural way to tune in to yourself is to tune with the earth. our spa specials offer massages, facials, and a range of pampering to re-align with the ever-changing seasons. explore  events & specialsbourbon marshmallow body treatmenthere your skin is prepped with warm towels infused with nectar milk and chicory root, followed by a spiked exfoliation with rice bran oil, pecan-whiskey, and brown sugar. pure bliss. explore  events & specialsperky peppermint pedicurethis invigorating mix of mint and coffee leaves you feeling joyful and refreshed. it's the perfect way to awaken your senses and give your feet a much-needed boost. explore 10 am arrive at the spaa day atthe spastep into a serene oasis at the spa at ponte vedra inn & club. as you enter, you'll be enveloped in the soothing scents of island coconut, soft ambient lighting, and a tranquil ambiance. wrap yourself in our plush robes and prepare to embark on a journey of relaxation and rejuvenation.10:30 am lounge by the poolpoolside bliss at the spaunwind poolside at the spa at ponte vedra inn & club, where the warm sun kisses your skin and a refreshing cocktail awaits. immerse yourself in the serene ambiance, enhanced by the gentle lapping of water and the sway of palm trees. it's the ideal retreat for ultimate relaxation and rejuvenation.11:30 am enjoy cocktails & lunchunwind at the serene spa cafã©indulge your senses at the spa café, a serene oasis within the spa at ponte vedra inn & club. savor a delectable lunch of gourmet salads, artisanal sandwiches, and fresh seafood, paired with a refreshing cocktail. the perfect complement to your spa treatment.1 pm florida ritual massageflorida ritual massage experiencepamper yourself with our florida ritual massage at the spa at ponte vedra inn & club, where our certified massage therapists provide a personalized experience tailored to your unique needs. combining a variety of techniques, each treatment is designed to release tension and restore balance. in a tranquil setting, you’ll feel your stress melt away, leaving you refreshed and rejuvenated.2:00 pm shop at the spa boutiqueexplore ourspa boutiqueafter a seamless checkout at the spa at ponte vedra inn & club, explore the spa boutique, showcasing a curated selection of luxury spa products and unique gifts. discover soothing skincare essentials and stylish accessories designed to enhance your wellness journey. whether treating yourself or finding the perfect gift, our boutique has something special for everyone. stay connected with  the spafollow us  for more  facebook    instagram    image image1, link to larger image, two glasses of pink liquid    image image2, link to larger image, a hot tub in a room    image image3, link to larger image, a person receiving a back massage a glimpse of tranquility  link to larger image, a pool with umbrellas and trees  link to larger image, a woman in a white robe  link to larger image, a person lying on a lounge chair next to a pool  link to larger image, a man standing in front of a pool  link to larger image, bowl of salad  link to larger image, a pool with a waterfall   connectthe spa at ponte vedra inn & club  6 miranda road ponte vedra beach, florida 32082 united states    phone  904.273.7700 contactgallerycontactfaqgift card balanceprivacy policyweb accessibilitysitemap©  the spa at ponte vedra inn & club | hotel website design by vizergyreservations directions  scroll to top 