



















































elfbiter's smirks, groans and sighs — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































elfbiter
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














elfbiter







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








vl

recent entries
archive
friends
profile






10 most recent

previous 10



links

alter ego in wikipedia
bookcrossing



fri, oct. 30th, 2015, 09:48 pm jackal: secret wars of carlos the jackal

john follain – jackal: secret wars of carlos the jackal( life of a wannabe revolutionary and womanizercollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/7368.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: books, cold war, illich ramirez sanchez, narcissism, reviews, terrorism
link leave a commentfri, oct. 30th, 2015, 09:41 pm driving mr albert

michael paterniti - driving mr albertmichael paterniti is american journalist. ( he had to get a road book - using the plane would have been too fastcollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/7104.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: albert einstein, books, reviews, road movies, scenic route
link leave a commentfri, oct. 30th, 2015, 09:39 pm virtual history

niall ferguson - virtual historyniall ferguson is an american historian. these are not stories placed in worlds of alternate history but scholarly essays about possibilities. ( counterfactuals of more serious kindcollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/6725.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: alternate history, books, counterfactuals, history, reviews
link leave a commentfri, oct. 30th, 2015, 09:37 pm skink - no surrender

carl hiaasen- skink - no surrender( skink saves the girlcollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/6538.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: books, carl hiaasen, reviews
link leave a commentfri, oct. 30th, 2015, 09:29 pm hippopotamus

stephen fry- hippopotamus( pretensions of divine healingcollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/6173.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: books, reviews, stephen fry
link leave a commentmon, may. 4th, 2015, 10:14 pm the plague

albert camus- the plagueas it happens, i respect albert camus more than his countryman sartre. so i have tried to read more of his novels. they are not light reading at all - and subject matter of the plague is actually even more serious than the disease the story seems to describe. ( insidious analogy of maladycollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/5906.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: albert camus, books, recommended, reviews
link leave a commentmon, may. 4th, 2015, 10:12 pm crime

ferdinand von schirach - crimeferdinand von schirach is a german criminal lawyer. in this book he writes about some of the cases he has been dealing with.( guilt may be tricky businesscollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/5754.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: biographies, books, crime, law, recommended, reviews, true crime
link leave a commentmon, may. 4th, 2015, 10:07 pm the road to ruin

donald e. westlake - the road to ruin( both author and characters seem tiredcollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/5396.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: books, dortmunder, reviews
link leave a commentmon, may. 4th, 2015, 10:06 pm bad monkey

carl hiaasen - bad monkeyandrew yancy is a down-on-his luck policeman who is demoted to a restaurant inspector for sodomising the husband of his mistress with a vacuum cleaner. his predecessor died of food poisoning. he is horny, prone to get stoned and wants his old job back. yes, he is the good guy of this story.( jaunt to the bahamas and backcollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/5177.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: books, carl hiaasen, reviews
link leave a commentmon, may. 4th, 2015, 10:04 pm cod

mark kurlansky - cod( cod to eat and overfishcollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://elfbiter.dreamwidth.org/4986.html. please comment there using openid.
tags: books, cod, ecology, fishing, history, mark kurlansky, reviews
link leave a comment

10 most recent

previous 10




































