




 


worcester pistol & rifle club | indoor & outdoor gun range | boylston, massachusetts



 








log in







home




about us



about the club




facilities & ranges




club by-laws and rules




wprc officers







calendar




competitions



idpa




pin shoots




pistol team




pistol sisters shooting club







training



firearm instructors




indoor range training







contact us




fall raffle




wprc members



apply now









sunset in boylston, ma on













worcester pistol & rifle club is a private, members-only, gun range, founded in 1916 in worcester massachusetts. originally located in a factory building where the facilities at that time consisted only of an indoor shooting range, the club then moved to shrewsbury, ma in order to add an outdoor range.
in the 1940’s, the club purchased the current 17 acre site located at sewall street in boylston ma.
today, the club has over 1,000 members. central massachusetts only indoor range open 24/7 to its members. we are constantly renovating and updating our ranges and grounds so that we are not only a safe place to shoot but one of the best.
for more information about our facility please see the about us page.






































club news

septic system installation
  installation of our new septic system will begin on 10.30.2024. during this time, there will be a few days at the beginning the bathrooms will be closed. as progress is made, the lobby parking lot will be closed. members will be updated via email newsletter as progress is made as well as when the shovel hits the dirt. please use caution when approaching the construction area. there will be a short time where the lobby and indoor range will be inaccessible. during this time, the log book will be located inside the rifle range.

new steel targets have been installed at the 100 yard range. any issues, please click here to contact the vp. reminder, climbing on the impact area or hanging personal targets on the cable is strictly prohibited.

key fobs no longer work. you must use the app to access the club. for pairing information including pairing codes and app instructions, click here to contact us for assistance.











 





















© 2024 worcester pistol & rifle club, inc.




 




powered by wild apricot membership software







