




official alumni website of the delta sigma phi chapter in san luis obispo



















































other links

national headquarters web site
delta sig circle (social network)
university sports
university alumni association





welcome to the delta sigma phi fraternity chapter at cal poly / slo
this site is dedicated to our 1,600 cal poly delta sig alumni since 1950, and to our undergraduate brothers!
one of our goals is to keep our alumni connected and informed about alumni, undergraduate member, chapter, and university news, issues, and events. 
another goal is to guide and better the university/fraternal experience of our undergraduate brothers.  we provide alumni oversight of chapter operations, and fund and promote leadership training, scholarships, and character-enhancing programs.  
we supplement cal poly's excellent "learn by doing" approach to student development with a great "lab on life" for personal growth.  this adds value to a student's university experience - and builds a strong network of close friendships for life.

special news items
alumni reunion update
our 2024 delta sig reunion and brotherhood gathering will be held from thursday, may 9th, through saturday, may 11th, in san luis obispo.  alumni, undergraduate brothers, their dates, and their families are warmly invited!  please click on event calendar to view reunion details, including discounted room rates at the venue hosting the reunion / brotherhood dinner.
fall recruitment
fall 2023 undergraduate recruitment begins on october 2nd, 2023!  contact hunter potemri at potemri@deltasig.org.  learn more about what we offer by clicking our chapter today!

poly p scholarship
 slo delta sig alumni established a philanthropic scholarship program in 2012, the “poly p scholarship”. this program provides our alumni with a collective means of giving-back to our alma mater and its student body while honoring our older dsp brothers who designed and built the present hillside “p” in 1957.  to date dsp alumni and their wives have given $21,500 directly to non-fraternal and non-sorority students based upon merit and need.  non-greek, first year students equally share in educational award opportunities.
the 2023 competition begins on sunday, october 1, and runs through wednesday, november 15, at midnight.
those interested in this program can access the on-line application and related scholarship information at http://www.polypscholarship.com, or use the following links.
the photo of the "p" is from dsp archives and shows a 1981 dsp undergrad work-day on the hillside icon.

- scholarship information
- scholarship application
- poly p patrons and judges




web site - chairman: chris “yabut” patterson, w’73, cpatterson76@outlook.com












navigation

home
chapter history
alumni corporation board
alumni association
update contact information
find alumni
our chapter today



 

how to help the chapter
reports
event calendar
photo gallery
history quiz
contact us



highlighted links

national headquarters web site
delta sig circle (social network)
corrections/updates/suggestions



copyright

                copyright © delta sigma phi chapter in san luis obispo
                alumni association of the alumni corporation board
                














