






nysmatyc | the official nysmatyc website


























 





home
members only pages

past newsletters
member directory


scholarships & awards
math league
become a member

find your region
region 1- voting
region 1 – non voting
region 2  – voting
region 2 – non voting
region 3 – voting
region 3 non voting
region 4 – voting
region 4 – non voting


conferences

2025 conference: march 28-29
past conferences


more

officers
math departments
related links


account
log in|log out













 
 
 












new york state mathematics association of two-year colleges

welcome. peruse. sign up if you’re not already a member; sign in if you are!
 






sign in



join 









what is nysmatyc?






in the late sixties a group of two-year college mathematics educators, recognizing the lack of an organization designed specifically to serve as a means of communication among two-year college mathematics faculty, discussed the feasibility of creating such an organization. mathematical associations then in existence were primarily serving the needs of elementary and secondary school teachers or of four-year college and university personnel. the phenomenal growth of two-year colleges clearly justified the formation of a professional association devoted exclusively to the unique problems of teaching mathematics at the freshman-sophomore college level. in may 1967, at a meeting in syracuse, nysmatyc, the new york state mathematics association of two-year colleges, was born. since that date,




nysmatyc has grown from a small nucleus of charter members to a membership of over 350 representing more than 50 of the two-year colleges in new york state. the association welcomes associate members from the faculties of four-year colleges and from two-year colleges outside new york state.
early in its history, nysmatyc initiated publication of the nysmatyc newsletter, which soon became the nysmatyc journal. since that time, the journal has developed into an independent national publication known as the *mathematics and computer education journal (mace). the mace staff now includes both two-year and four-year college educators, and addresses the first years of college.
currently, mace is no longer published.

read more







nysmatyc news & highlights










scholarships






project ernie






related links






members only






position statements








officers & committees 






scholarships, awards & recognition






position statements






math league info






conference information





 

 













our privacy policy



 
















