







jesse jantzen






















































0








        skip to content
      



























































open menu
close menu































































open menu
close menu







































































 founder at skylar james capital




“to give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift.”

— steve prefontaine














jesse jantzen is the founder of skylar james capital, a multi-strategy investment fund. investing in financial markets, tech, web3 and film. previously jesse was a portfolio manager at clearview capital management and held positions at perella weinberg partners,w holding company llc, and as an assistant coach for harvard university.  jesse currently sits on the board of the fetal center for the children’s hospital of philadelphia (chop) and the beat the streets (bts) organization, serving as chairman of the board for nyc and vice-chairman for bts national. jesse received an a.b from harvard university in 2004. he was a three-time all-american and 2004 national champion and outstanding wrestler award winner.  in 2005 jesse won a world championship at the university world games in izmir, turkey in freestyle wrestling at 66 kg. jesse participated in the real pro wrestling league representing the new york outrage.  he is the most decorated harvard wrestler in history and was a 2004 bingham award winner for harvard’s best athlete.  jesse competed in the 2008 olympic trials but fell short of his goal of making the beijing olympics.  jesse is a member of the harvard varsity club hall of fame, eiwa conference hall of fame and suffolk county hall of fame.  jesse has had involvement with several film/tv projects (foxcatcher, dixieland, the knick, team foxcatcher, david, friends from college, etc.) as an actor, producer, financier and stunt coordinator.he was a graduate of shoreham wading river high school. he was the first 4x state champion and 6x state place winner in new york state wrestling history.   he was a 3x high school all-american and 2x national champion/outstanding wrestler award winner.  in 2000, he was the asics high school wrestler of the year.   jesse lives and works in downtown manhattan.






































