


home - elmhurst bicycle club






























skip to main content









































member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel














		elmhurst bicycle club
	










share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter



home calendarabout us how do i begin w the ebc? contact us / ebc board club offerings mountain biking cross-country skiing advocacy club sponsors quarterly club meetingsmembership how do i begin w the ebc? login & renewal help member signup gift membership member profile photo help member directory i.c.e.riders & ride leaders activity sign-in forms rider responsibilities ride planning mega-links bicycling safety tips becoming a ride leader ride leader responsibilit ride leader list guest release & waivers ride start locations awards program apparel *new* e-bikes: info & club poli ride w/gps: how to get ride w/gps:  ebc club pageice/contact snapshot i.c.e. contact list member milessocial media & forums email:  ebc google list server flea market ebc forums & list se newsletter library newsletters: download folder facebook:  ebc public group facebook:  ebc private group video: our video library ride w/gps:  ebc club page strava:   ebc club page blogs surveys flea market apparel *new* help & club docs



please support our sponsors:
ebc sponsor page
7 mile cycles
the bike rack
community bank of elmhurst
j & r cycle
prairie path cycles
retro glow cycles







ebc earns a commission if you order road id from this link!



 







 
 order your illinois "share the road" license plates now. click the license plate below to learn more.







 








welcome to the elmhurst bicycle club!
founded in 1977, the elmhurst bicycle club (ebc) continues to live up to the motto, "riding at the speed of fun." club members, who range from novice to the very experienced, come from all walks of life and live throughout the western suburbs of chicago and beyond.
the ebc is one of the larger, more active bicycle clubs in the area with over 400 members and a variety of activities throughout the year accommodating all skill levels.
rides range from 8 to 10 mph to over 20 mph. single-day ride distances range from 10 to 300 miles. 
sometimes we ride just to ride, and sometimes we have a specific purpose, ...like exploring a new park, restaurant or a community festival.
some of the more social events are: biking trips, the thanksgiving hike & dinner, the michigan u.p. cross-country skiing trip, the christmas lights ride, our summer picnic, and the holiday party. we have year-round activities (such as winter hiking and skiing) and get-togethers in addition to bicycling.
you will find riders at your experience level and with similar interests. we stick together on all club rides, staying with anyone having mechanical or other problems.
you are welcome to come to our quarterly meeting or ride as a guest to see what we are all about!
please complete our online guest release & waiver e-form before joining us on a club ride, or you can fill one out at the ride start.

7-day calendar view       for more, see our full  calendar .


upcoming events











news & tools 

ebc: how do i begin?  (remember: former or past-due members should not sign up as new memberships.  instead, log in and renew. if you lost your password, contact membership@elmhurstbicycling.org to get your password reset.)
ebc youtube video library  we have tons of ride and hike videos!
 ebc's advocacy & donations page   this page grows every year. our advocacy track record is one of the things we are most proud of.
advocacy blog & public facebook page: (..shown below on this page.)
 
member-only topic-based discussions      (authorable by all club members! topic examples: annual ragbrai planning; annual double-century; braver-than-the-elements challenges; winter rotating trail ride (wrtr) challenges; annual international women's day; summer picnic and holiday party planning, etc.)
publicly viewable forum topics
    
2023 double-century (200-mile) ride by eric peterson


our flea market  - sell, trade, giveaway
ebc newsletter library
ad-hoc ebc news / articles   (to contribute an article, see news articles help page .


   ride route planning tool. free to ebc members.   how to get a ride with gps membership.
zoom: tool for video meetings  (virtual events & meetings are now available on our calendar.) 

live advocacy web log (blog) recent posts view
to add to the blog, click on any thread listed below. if you are an eligible author, you will see a "manage posts" in the upper right corner. 



recent blogs






our public facebook page



facebook feed
elmhurstbicycling.org/

contribute to our public facebook page (as shown above)
click here to contribute something (photo, story, comment, etc.) for publication on our facebook page. the link opens your email tool with a letter addressed to our public facebook page editor. place your content within the email and send:   email ebc public facebook page editor

we ride at the speed of fun.  see how, in some club photos below...


slideshow
slideshow_all_pics








designed by the elmhurst bicycle club. all rights reserved world wide. copyright 2001 - 2024.



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







