








join heritage bank of commerce today!















































  


 












skip to content




toggle navigationabout usour storyour servicesour leaderscareersinvestor relationscommunitylocations & hourscontact ustoggle navigationpersonal bankingdigital bankingdeposit solutionslending solutionsbusiness bankingdigital bankingdeposit solutionslending solutionstreasury management solutionsspecialty solutionshomeowners associationsnonprofit organizationsdental and veterinary practicessmall business administrationsmall business microloanfraud awareness































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors






					post				







					page				







					careers				




log incommercial online bankingsmall business online bankingpersonal online bankinglockbox solutionstoggle navigationhomebusiness bankingbusiness digital bankingbusiness deposit solutionsbusiness lending solutionstreasury management solutionspersonal bankingpersonal digital bankingpersonal deposit solutionspersonal lending solutionsspecialty solutionshomeowners associationsnonprofit organizationsdental/veterinariansmall business administrationsmall business microloanfraud awarenessabout usour storyour servicesour leaderscareerscommunitylocations & hourscontact uslogincommercial online bankingsmall business online bankingpersonal online bankinglockbox solutions
 





homewatsoncreative2025-02-10t16:49:20+00:00 


    in observance of presidents day, all heritage bank of commerce offices will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025.    x


×this page has a better experience on mobile and desktop devices.online banking for businesspeople by businesspeople
online banking log in
commercial online bankingsmall business online bankingpersonal online bankinglockbox solutionscontact us to create an account.
heritage bank of commerce
what’s new
taylor2025-02-04t00:02:46+00:00welcome janisha sabnani!taylor2025-02-04t00:02:46+00:00heritage commerce corp and heritage bank of commerce announce appointment of janisha sabnani as general counsel san jose, california –taylor2024-12-11t19:22:06+00:002024 sustainability reporttaylor2024-12-11t19:22:06+00:00a message to our shareholders we are pleased to present heritage’s latest sustainability report, which reflects our ongoing commitment totaylor2024-12-11t17:26:57+00:00welcome new chief operating officer thomas a. sa!taylor2024-12-11t17:26:57+00:00heritage commerce corp and heritage bank of commerce announce appointment of new chief operating officer thomas a. sa san jose,view allthe bay area’s premier business bank
who we are
founded by businesspeople for businesspeople, we understand the challenges you face every day.
our bank provides a wide range of tailored financial solutions, including business loans, hoa management, and online banking, to support the diverse needs of bay area businesses.
about usyour business is our business
what we do
with high-touch service and a consultative relationship approach, we offer personalized banking with innovative, targeted products and services across a wide range of specialties to support you and your business.
personal banking

digital banking
deposit solutions
lending solutions

business banking

digital banking
deposit solutions
lending solutions
treasury management solutions

specialty solutions

homeowners associations
nonprofit organizations
dental and veterinary practices

fraud awareness

protecting your business
protecting yourself

partners in success
what our clients are saying










sonya m. tetnowski
chief executive officer, indian health center of santa clara valley


"heritage bank continues its legacy of investing in the next generation of leaders.  their continued support of the indian health center of santa clara valley's youth empowerment and workforce development has allowed our young leaders to grow and build those foundational skills that will last throughout their lives.  we are honored to call heritage bank a partner and appreciate their investment in our community!"










ryan c. eisenberg, ed.d.
executive director, achievekids


"heritage bank of commerce has been a strong partner in helping achievekids meet our mission and the challenges we face in operating a non-profit in silicon valley.  as easy as picking up the phone, heritage has been a strategic partner, including facilitating introductions to other non-profits and helping us meet the challenges we face as we continue to thrive.  we value having heritage as our banking and business partner."










christophe e. rebboah, lmft
chief executive officer, rebekah children's services


"over the past decade, heritage bank of commerce has been an instrumental partner in furthering our mission of seeing our community flourish by building pathways to hope, happiness, and well-being.  jeff perkins and his outstanding south county team have provided unparalleled financial services and resources which have enabled rebekah children's services to preserve our community's mental health safety network. we are honored and privileged to serve at your side to ensure that all of santa clara county residents’ needs are met."










steve sullivan
executive director, housing industry foundation


"for over eight years, heritage bank of commerce has been a strong hif supporter and a valued collaborator, both as a board member and as our bank. their expertise helped us manage several growth stages as we scaled our complex housing programs. plus, the heritage team is always so positive and responsive. this was especially evident during the pandemic when our emergency housing programs were crucial to so many in the communities we both care about so deeply."










darcie green
bcpa executive director, latinas contra cancer


"we are growing an organization with big dreams and an even bigger vision of what is possible for our community. our partnership with heritage bank of commerce has been important to our growth and sustainability. they are helping us continue to be there for our clients in their time of need."









banking built on relationships
how we succeed
at heritage bank of commerce, our success is rooted in strong and lasting relationships – with clients, shareholders and employees.
at our offices located across the bay area, our bankers deliver customized solutions through business banking best practices and personal, one-on-one service. join us today and start reaching for opportunities that can take you as high as you want to go.
careersinvestor relationscareersfind a locationheritage bank of commerce
news & events
taylor2025-02-13t21:24:25+00:00cra public filetaylor2025-02-13t21:24:25+00:002025 cra public file bank of commerce cra public file revised 12/2024 public cra file contents public section of crataylor2025-01-24t00:05:04+00:00q4 2024 dividend announcementtaylor2025-01-24t00:05:04+00:00heritage commerce corp declares regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.13 per share san jose, ca — january 23, 2025 —taylor2025-01-24t00:04:04+00:00q4 2024 earnings releasetaylor2025-01-24t00:04:04+00:00heritage commerce corp reports robust loan and deposit growth in 2024 san jose, ca — january 23, 2025 — heritageview all



 
 








who we are
toggle navigationour storyour servicesour leaderswhat we do
toggle navigationpersonal bankingbusiness bankingspecialty solutionsfraud awarenesshow we succeed
toggle navigationinvestor relationscareersfind a locationterms of use
toggle navigationterms of useprivacy & securitysitemapaccessibilitysupport
toggle navigationsend a secure emailcontact uscovid-19©  heritage bank of commerce. all rights reserved. 




 
 



page load link





manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent



















































































open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









go to top




