





globalbuzz sa - southern africa information



















































globalbuzz sasouthern africa information 





home
news

featured
charity


business

trade


education
tourism

travel south africa
flight bookings


environment
events
health
sport

running south africa


cape town
kzn
contact us


   frontpage
   news

   events   forums





 




ensuring a better future for sa and africa
despite the challenging times that south africa finds itself in, work continues to ensure that the country… [more]





states should communicate funded water projects
water and sanitation deputy minister, dikeledi magadzi, has called on the southern african development… [more]





internet solution for low-income communities
a gauteng-based start-up is busy developing an alternative antenna-based high-speed fixed internet solution… [more]





funding awarded to social innovation
johannesburg, south africa, february 10, 2021 - meat naturally and agricool finance were awarded joint… [more]





first consignment of covid-19 vaccine
president cyril ramaphosa and deputy president david mabuza, who chairs the inter-ministerial committee… [more]







in the newsstates should communicate funded water projectswater and sanitation deputy minister, dikeledi magadzi, has called on the southern african development community (sadc) to report regularly and indicate specific funding they receive in order to ensure that member states are conversant of projects that are undertaken. … [read more...]internet solution for low-income communitiesa gauteng-based start-up is busy developing an alternative antenna-based high-speed fixed internet solution for low-income communities. … [read more...]funding awarded to social innovationjohannesburg, south africa, february 10, 2021 - meat naturally and agricool finance were awarded joint first place in the 10th annual social innovation awards, while leafline washable sanitary wear scooped first place in the disability empowerment awards. all three winners were awarded r1.3 million in grant funding. a … [read more...]more posts from this category 


newsdespite the challenging times that south africa finds itself in, work continues to ensure … [read more...]water and sanitation deputy minister, dikeledi magadzi, has called on the southern african … [read more...]more posts from this categoryhealthpresident cyril ramaphosa and deputy president david mabuza, who chairs the … [read more...]environmentwater and sanitation deputy minister, dikeledi magadzi, has called on the southern african … [read more...]the department of water and sanitation has appealed to rural communities, who don’t have … [read more...]tourismtourism statistics - the latest tourism business index (tbi) 3rd quarter results … [read more...]after running 100 kilometres, it is heartbreaking to miss setting a new record … [read more...] 

educationa survey taking stock of the progress made in terms of service … [read more...]cape town – finance minister pravin gordhan says to get the country on … [read more...]more posts from this categoryeventspieter du toit (potchefstroom) and danielle strydom (potchefstroom) made light … [read more...]business & tradejohannesburg, south africa, february 10, 2021 - meat naturally and agricool … [read more...]zuks ramasia is the perfect example of what people can achieve when they believe … [read more...]freedom day celebrations at langa 10khenri schoeman wins at arena games surseechesang, khatala and xaba return to gqeberhakibet set for gqeberha 10k debutmokoka wins third sanlam cape town marathonthe fort nottingham highland gathering 



 






 



recent posts


ensuring a better future for sa and africa


states should communicate funded water projects


internet solution for low-income communities


funding awarded to social innovation


first consignment of covid-19 vaccine


communities urged to harvest rain water


covid-19 cases in south africa


africa launches medical supplies platform


sa’s water storage stable


legal aid sa announces new ceo



pretoria - president jacob zuma has congratulated the … [read more...]
twitter

 just now



 




 

educationsportbusiness 


 cape news
western cape online learner placement gets underway
 south africa business
treasury projects a r212.2 billion revenue shortfall
 running south africa
wildschutt aims for record at gqeberha 10kseboko-mulaudzi, desta win inaugural tshwane 10ktayla kavanagh wins maritzburg 10k 2023chesang, khatala and xaba return to gqeberha
 kzn news
point yacht club – summer sailing seasonkzn schoolgirls’ fast 5s netball challengekzn schoolgirls hockey challenge 2023entries open for durban’s spar women challenge 2023
return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 · south africa info · privacy policy · powered by dmg-projects · dmg-network partner · log in












