






supply konjac products
















   
  








 




what's
  is konjac


 our
  company


products


service


contact


chinese


photos




 




what is
  konjac: konjac is a kind of perennial herbaceous herb. it is a amorphophallus
  plant. the konjac tubers contain a significant quantity of on-absorb
  polysaccharide  with special properties (dietary fiber, gelatinizing,
  intestine cleaning agent, cholesterol and blood sugar reducing) called
  konjacmannan or more correctly: glucomannan which is separated into glucose
  and mannose by hydrolysis. the fresh konjac tubers (original shaanxi) contain
  an average of protein: 9.7%,total glycoprotein:16.4%,ash:7.0%, glucomannan:
  5.6%, moisture: 65-78%.
glucomannan
  is a water-soluble dietary fiber that¡¯s derived from konjac root (amorphophallus
  konjac). it's a high molecular weight polysacch-aride consisting primarily of
  mannose and glucose sugars.glucomannan can not only absorb up to 200 times
  its weight         in water but also
  creat a highly viscous gel from 20,000 to 40,000 cp and form a reversible or
  a thermo-non-reversible gel.
konjac
  glucomannan (kgm) is a water-soluble dietary fiber that is similar to pectin
  in structure and function.kgm is a high molecular polysaccharide, is formed
  when the residues of glucose and mannose are bound together by ¦â-1,4-linkages,the
  molar ratio of glucose and mannose is 1:1.6. acetyl groups are located on
  every 9-19th sugar unit. these acetyl groups contribute to the
  solubility and gelling properties. if the acetyl groups are removed under
  mild alkaline conditions, the molecule will produce heat stable gels.the
  molecular weight of kgm from 200,000 to 2,000,000 varied by konjac species or
  variety, processing method and even storage time of the raw material.
how to
  obtain konjac powder and glucomannan:  konjac flour is obtained from konjac dry chips. the konjac dry chips
  producing is best  important   process. because the quality of
  konjac powder is determined with material. at present, our manufacturer has
  substituted the traditional processing method by an advanced
  non-deterioration technological process    so that the highly
  pure konjac powder is obtained. glucomannan is produced from konjac powder.
  the process is to grind physically    and chemical purify by
  alcohol (food grade). the original characteristics of glucomannan are
  not influenced by subsequent chemical purification. 
properties: konjac powder is a dietary fiber for...........
function: konjac products can be used in natural food,food additives, medicine,
  chemicals, petroleum and light-industry. it can also be formed upon
  interaction with other hydrocolloids such as starch,xanthan gum or
  carrageenan..... food additive , raw material of medicine.............
origin:
¡¡




                                         
                          








baoji
    konjac chemcial co.,ltd
      no.259 zhongshan east road baoji
shaanxi china
tel:0089-917-3518115 
    fax:0086-917-3518116
konjac@konjacbaoji.com
           
	
   
	         
    

©
    copyright baoji konjac chemical co.,ltd since 1999-2006










 





