






welcome to ichp ireland






































021 427 3575
ichp@hypnosiseire.com















home
about hypnotherapy

hypnotherapy
faq (hypnosis)
a critical review of psychotherapy research


training with ichp

training
course descriptions
prices
course dates
faq (training)


research
contact
 


select page


  
 
 















courses in hypno-psychotherapyichp training and accreditation institute have been offering training in clinical hypnotherapy & psychotherapy for over 30 years. the course consists of our undergraduate levels; foundation, diploma, advanced diploma and ichp associate diploma, and our four-year masters programme.









what the course will do for you find a new career, full-time or part-time, be your own boss, acquire advanced training if required, become a certified, registered hypno-psychotherapist and acquire the necessary skills to help your fellow man. 









get your foundation certificate in clinical hypno-psychotherapy this foundation certificate course is designed for the new student to learn the basic skills of hypnosis and hypno-psychotherapy while providing an excellent stepping stone to the advanced diploma level. take the first step today. 









advanced diploma in clinical hypno-psychotherapy the advanced diploma in clinical hypno-psychotherapy is available to students who have successfully completed the foundation certificate in clinical hypno-psychotherapy. sign up today and book your place on the next class. 














ichp training and accreditation institute have been offering training in clinical hypnotherapy & psychotherapy for over 30 years. the course consists of our under-graduate levels; foundation, diploma, advanced diploma and ichp associate diploma, and our four year masters programme. the ichp teach a wide variety of eclectic techniques, both hypnotherapeutic and psychotherapeutic, so that the client does not have to adapt to the therapy, rather the therapist can adapt to the client’s presenting symptom.





























ichp performs with professional excellence in everything we do, including teaching, research and innovation, governance and management and public service. 














designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 





















