






applied practice – empowering teachers, enhancing learning













































































 















 



 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerdigital and hybrid ap® mock exams now available! learn more.
x 
applied practiceempowering teachers, enhancing learningfor teachers

shop our resources
access your subscriptions

access site license
applied practice online

dashboard
create new assessment




mock exams and assessment scoring service
free resource library


for students

student mock exams
college personal statement workshop


other services

professional development
resources for consultants


teacher talk series
account login
 cart 

 



classroom resources
applied practice provides ready-to-use classroom resources for grades 6-12. browse through our expansive list of resources to see all we have to offer for english, math, science, and social science educators. now available as digital downloads shop now about shop our resources
teacher talk series
our free, discipline-specific webinars are lead by expert classroom teachers. the webinars will facilitate focused discussion and provide ideas for meaningful classroom instruction that support teachers in better preparing students for success. all events are free.  registration is open for the 24-25 school year. rsvp now!!! explore sessions about teacher talk series
applied practice online
our new online question bank provides the flexibility you need to generate activities and practices for students to access online. their results are delivered directly to your account. contact us for more information, including pricing packages!  subscribe here about home
mock exam scoring
equip your teachers with data that provides focused instruction that will better prepare students with the knowledge and skills needed for success on standardized exams. read more about mock exams and assessment scoring service
resource site license
give your teachers the flexibility to pick and choose from multitudes of resources with immediate online access to over 15,000 ap-style practice questions.  view details about resource site license
free resources
looking for ideas and inspiration for your classroom? examine our library of free resources. resources are available in pdf format for download. access downloads about resource library
about us
applied practice offers comprehensive classroom resources, test preparation tools, assessment options, and professional development opportunities to enhance student success.
our resources are literature and language-focused for english, and subject-specific for math, science, and social studies. each product is designed to support classroom instruction through activities modeled after standardized test formats, aligning with typical unit content.
maximize your classroom time by seamlessly blending content review with critical test-taking practice! all of our resources help teachers integrate standardized test preparation into the core curriculum for grades 6-12.
learn more


 how we can help


teachers will

for teachers

enhance standardized test scores without the stigma of “teaching to the test”
equip students with higher-order thinking skills and critical analysis practice
leverage detailed answer explanations for deeper comprehension
seamlessly integrate targeted content into daily lessons
align instructional plans with documented standards correlations



administrators will

for administrators

provide teachers with standards-aligned resources for ela, math, science, and social studies
strengthen district-wide progress initiatives
offer diverse strategies for teaching critical thinking, close reading, and effective writing
support best practices in core content instruction
foster differentiated instruction to address individual student needs
ensure access to a cohesive, guided instructional framework



shop our resources






"i'm so pleased with the promptness of the scoring, and with the feedback students got on their work."– holly robinson, vestavia hills high school, alabama“applied practice materials are an invaluable tool. the questions give the students firsthand practice which demystifies the test so that students have a sense of being fully prepared to take the ap test.”- elizabeth aston-sullivan, texas ap teacher“applied practice has made my job as an english teacher much easier and more enjoyable! each applied practice test preparation book provides grammar, vocabulary, critical reading, and writing practices that align with the novels that i am currently teaching. gone are the days of teaching grammar, test preparation, vocabulary and essay writing in separate units. thanks to applied practice, i can conveniently integrate all of these skills into my classic study of any novel!”- laura cronin, english department chair“the gt refresher online course was wonderful. because it was self-paced, i could do it in parts and did not miss any class time with my students. the staff is not only professional, but courteous in their delivery and vigilant in making sure that the program is administered in a user friendly and fair manner. a+.”

 - jenna edwards, tx ap teacher“our campus loves using applied practice resource guides. the questions are well written and are an incredible resource to prepare our students for the ap exam as well as the state exam.”- julie mcguane, george ranch high school, lamar, txthis was a wonderful service for me and my students. the experience and data were so helpful! "- aaryn birchell, 2018 ut state teacher of the year“i am probably remiss in telling you a big, fat thank you for the mock exam we received from you last year, so… thank you! it provided some wonderful feedback for our kids…and as a bonus, saved the teachers time in grading."- sara hinson, duncanville isd“my ap scores were terrific, and they were almost exactly what was predicted except some students moved from a 3 to a 4 or 5.”- ap teacher, alabamafootercontact us
















name*


first



last

phoneemail*

district/school*city, state*your message*captcha
 














explore
contact us
how to order
frequently asked questions
about us
careers
privacy policy

follow us
tweets by appliedpractice 


featured resource



introducing the literacy lab: analyzing and editing by applied practice
a supplemental resource suggested for grades 6-12 english classrooms, all levels.
enhance your teaching toolkit with the comprehensive literacy lab, a dynamic resource designed to elevate both reading and writing skills in your classroom. this versatile guide combines targeted exercises for analyzing and editing, crafted to prepare your students for success in both their literary comprehension and written expression.
learn more
copyright © 2024 · applied practice · supplemental classroom resources*pre-ap, ap, advanced placement, and sat are registered trademarks of the college board. psat/nmsqt is a registered trademark of the college board and the national merit scholarship corporation, which were not involved in the production of, and do not endorse, this product.
*act is a registered trademark of act, inc. ib is a registered trademark of the ib organization. these companies were not involved in the production of, and do not endorse, this product.
 
 









































