









the shaw house


skip to main content
the shaw house

main menu

rooms & rates
the experience
about the area
directions
book now
view our instagram




the shaw house










<
>





enjoy a romantic getaway

... or a fun filled family vacation ... the shaw house inn accommodates it all. the shaw house inn in the victorian village of ferndale, on california's north coast is near the redwood national park and redwood state park, the avenue of the giants, and the lost coast. we have our own stretch of isolated coastline, centerville beach, which is a bike ride away.


rich in history

our frontier inn, built in the gold rush era of 1854, was a labor of love dedicated to a cherished fiancée. it was the shaw family home for more than 100 years and opened briefly as an inn in 1860. it has always been a place of gracious surroundings and hospitality. redwood parks, beach parks, hiking trails, kayaking, birding, shopping — all around us. our own historic buckeye ca. 1854.


our tranquil garden





we have one acre of lushly planted grounds remaining of the original 160 homestead acres. our grounds are dense with mature redwoods, maple, cedar, cypress, and walnut. our apple and cherry plum trees are original plantings as well as a few of our roses. it is a park and sanctuary you can share with our birds, deer, and butterflies. we invite you to visit our inn and garden.
after a stroll along the beach join us on the patio for a lovely summer afternoon beverage in one of the shaw house's many serene settings. enjoy the sunset on the evening walk to the village for a lovely dining experience. upon your return to the shaw house, save the peaceful grounds in route to your well appointed guest room.





frommer's review of the shaw house inn


“...the gorgeous b&b is the oldest structure in ferndale, the oldest b&b in california, and one of the prettiest victorian homes i've ever seen (and i've seen a lot of b&bs). each of the eight individually decorated guest rooms is handsomely furnished with period antiques, plush fabrics, and private bathrooms (rare for a 19th-c. b&b). my favorite is the romantic fountain suite, with its own fireplace, parlor, and claw-foot tub. the immaculate one-acre park is shaded by 25 varieties of 100-plus-year-old trees and rhododendrons, and the restaurants and shops along main street are a short walk away.”



about shaw house
p.o. box 1369
703 main street
ferndale, ca 95536


phone: (707) 786-9958
e-mail: shawhouseinn@gmail.com


