








carroll county ag center
































































































































home
about us
events
rentals
map
contact us
search




menu


menu

 






visit the corn mazeget lost in our corn maze! celebrate fall with this fun, traditional autumn activity. check back soon for this year’s maze theme to be revealed!
learn morevisit the farmers marketthe carroll county farmer’s market is the oldest farmer’s market in carroll county and the second oldest in the state of maryland. here you can buy farm fresh produce, eggs, baked goods, jams and jellies, agricultural products and handmade crafts.
learn morebuck wild truck & tractor pullmore information coming soon!
previousnext123

the agricultural center is where you will find all kinds of agriculture, entertainment and sporting events.call us and reserve your space today! 410-848-6704
view upcoming events



about the ag center
serving the community as a non-profit, the ag center has long been the region’s premier location for rodeo’s, livestock and equestrian outings, live music and entertainment shows, auto and motorcycle events, trade shows and exhibits, and the carroll county 4-h and ffa fair.

learn more about the ag center

events
there’s always something interesting to do at the ag center! get lost in a corn maze, grab a corndog and stroll the 4h fair, or browse vintage hot rods at our next car show–we really have it all! view our events and never miss an exciting day of activities at the ag center.

view the calendar of events

rentals
hold your next event at the carroll county ag center! we have 20+ acres of indoor and outdoor space with a variety of uses: from industrial kitchens and rolling fields to our huge 52000+ square foot danele shipley memorial arena, we have the perfect space for your event!

learn more about rentals


carroll county extension advisory board
the membership of the carroll county extension advisory board demographically represents the citizens of carroll county that contribute to extension program areas consisting of 4-h youth; agriculture/natural resources; family & consumer sciences; and master gardeners/horticulture.  for more information please click the link below.

learn more about the cceab

upcoming summer & fall events

buckwild truck & tractor classic – april 25th & april 26th – we are looking for sponsors!april 25 @ 4:00 pm - april 26 @ 11:00 pmcarroll county agriculture centercarroll county celtic festival – june 14th & june 15thjune 14 @ 10:00 am - june 15 @ 5:00 pmcarroll county agriculture centerpeach festival at the farmer’s market – aug. 9thaugust 9 @ 8:00 am - 2:00 pmcarroll county agriculture center – 1carroll county farmer’s market – celebrating falloctober 4 @ 8:00 am - 2:00 pm

view all upcoming events
   

 welcome to the carroll county agriculture center … 20+ acres of indoor facilities, outdoor areas, meeting facilities, function and banquet rooms – and the state-of-the-art danele shipley memorial arena, and much more! we are a non-profit dedicated to furthering the appreciation and understanding of agriculture in the area.
for more than 50 years the ag center has been the region’s premier location for rodeo’s, livestock and equestrian outings, live music and entertainment shows, auto and motorcycle events, trade shows and exhibits, and of course – the carroll county 4-h and ffa fair. it is also the permanent home of the long-running carroll county farmers market and the highly–regarded 4-h therapeutic riding program of carroll county!

 







© copyright  carroll county agricultural center  | all rights reserved | 410-848-6704 | developed by kohn creative
xfacebookinstagram






scroll to top


























































