





























institute of risk management (irm)


















search irm






















login



 


email address / username



password



forgotten your password?
                      
                    forgotten your username?


login



username is required
password is required


not registered? register now

        if this is your first visit to our new website please click here to set a new password and access your account.
    













































advisory services

advisory services



qualifications

certificates faq's
ofqual regulated :
level 5 - international certificate in enterprise risk management
level 5 - international certificate in financial services risk management
level 4 - international certificate in operational risk management
unregulated :
international diploma in risk management - revised syllabus
digital risk management certificate
 blended learning for erm certificate



training

training
e-learning
virtual training courses
in-house training
risk tours
becoming a form provider
approved training providers
course accreditation



events

events calendar
webinars
events faq



membership

membership grades
fees
reasons for joining
group membership scheme
special interest groups
regional groups



about us

what we do
what is enterprise risk management?
who we work with
partnering with education
sectors we work in
working with the armed forces
supporting cros/neds
enterprise risk magazine
thought leadership
resource centre










search





register





login



log in »



















 virtual student open day
join us on 6th march at 11:00am - 12:00pm (bst) for our virtual student webinar and get access to exclusive discounts for our erm/fs/icorm certifications.
learn more» 











 download our new corporate brochure 
learn how to get risk ready with the irm
download brochure » 











 irm risk trends 2025
we're gearing up for the release of our next edition of the irm risk trends report. register your interest now to be the first to receive a copy when it's released.
register your interest » 











 the irm is now ofqual accredited 
we have been awarded accreditation by ofqual for our erm & fsrm certificate.
find out more » 











 enterprise risk magazine
enterprise risk magazine is the leading quarterly title for risk managers and enterprise risk.
download the latest issue now » 











 irm advisory
irm advisory will support and empower your organisation to use risk insights to inform your strategic decisions and direction
find out more » 






 











we want to ensure the safety of our members and stakeholders. please note, we will never ask for money or personal details over whatsapp or social media. if you receive any suspicious messages claiming to be from the irm, please contact us at enquiries@theirm.org.
your vigilance will help us combat fraud effectively. thank you.

 






 
increase your earning potential by gaining an internationally recognised risk management qualification. find out more »


 



we are dedicated to developing risk and management professionals, across all sectors globally. find out more »


 



we help organisations build their risk management capabilities across the wider business. find out more »


 



join over 8,000 risk management professionals across all industries, in the public and private and sectors. find out more »


 







latest news






irm announces the passing of julie kerr

                            it is with great sadness that we share the passing of julie kerr, a respected examiner for the institute of risk management (irm) and a proud graduate of glasgow caledonian university. julie passed away at the age of 58, on the 8th of february 2025, leaving behind a legacy of dedication, knowledge, and kindness.


                        
find out more »







irm launches malaysia group

                            irm is proud to announce the creation of its new malaysia group and founding committee. this initiative aims to enhance professional development and networking opportunities for people working in risk management and for those working in  business and management in malaysia.


                        
find out more »







irm and singapore college of insurance forge strategic partnership to elevate risk management education

                            the institute of risk management (irm) and the singapore college of insurance (sci) are pleased to announce the signing of a memorandum of understanding (mou) to collaborate closely in advancing risk management education and training in singapore.


                        
find out more »


view all recent news »




 



upcoming events

effective risk registers and assessments - virtual learning - 18 - 19 february 2025
18 february 2025
find out more »


charities special interest group: navigating the future: key risks facing charities in 2025
18 february 2025
find out more »


ai-driven risk management - the next chapter
18 february 2025
find out more »


fundamentals of risk management (form) 19-20 february 2025
19 february 2025
find out more »

view all upcoming irm events »



1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8

next




 





irm insights


 view the latest irm videos » 

 


editor's picks: enterprise risk magazine

remote working helps engage staff

remote working helps engage staff in their tasks as a new study on meeting shows, according to the harvard business review.
managers have consistently worried that remote working is not a true replacement for in-office work. despite the success many organisations made of homeworking during the pandemic, several businesses are desperate for staff to return on site.
read more here >>

eu strengthens regulation targeting deforestation

the european union has agreed to strengthen regulation targeting products that contribute to deforestation.
new regulation aims to set strong, mandatory due diligence rules for companies importing to or exporting from europe. businesses will need to prove that their products do not contain materials produced deforested land.
commodities affected include cattle, poultry, cocoa, coffee, palm oil, soy and maize among others.
​read more here >>

 


 






 



















terms of use
privacy policy
cookie policy
mailing list
resource centre
contact us













