














marry an ugly millionaire online dating agency

















marry-an-ugly-millionaire-online-dating-agency.com













marry an ugly millionaire online dating agency a spoof? perhaps.
 
this is a copy of the original website which was restored and archived for use in rodney king's (not that rodney king) humorous roadtrip of unneccessary and possibly useless websites. the uapuw was initially funded by seo powerhouse tng/earthling, inc. (nyc) when partner rev sale lost a bet to frankie wright over a game of darts. but since that serendipitous lost bet, uapuw has attracted a loyal following in the uk and ireland, although not so much in the rest of the world. all their sites are guaranteed to have once been real, live websites, including this one. enjoy!
 

 
a spoof? perhaps. marry an ugly millionaire online dating agency was an online dating agency with a big difference.
content is from the site's 20067 archived pages.
smile, laugh. have fun. 

the online dating agency with a big difference!!
having trouble finding mr or mrs right? always in debt? massive overdraft?
welcome to marry an ugly millionaire - the online dating agency created for people like you. we provide a unique dating and marriage service. a service that you will not find elsewhere on the internet. for we are about to solve both your financial problems and your relationship problems with just a few clicks of the mouse!
 
marry an ugly millionaire online dating agency
sexy men seeking ugly millionaire women for fun romance and marriage.
are you mega rich? are you hideously ugly? are you desperately seeking a sexy husband?
yes! good! for we have some real hunks for you. the fabulous men below are all urgently looking to marry someone just like you - ugly but filthily rich. so search through the sexy lads below and choose the one you would like to marry.
 click on the pictures to see the sexy hunk's complete profile. then simply fill in the application form and soon you could have the love of your life and a fairytale marriage. 
 
 meet beautiful girls, sexy guys and millionaires.
free - online chatrooms, blogs, videos and photos.
don't delay - find love and friendship today.
marry an ugly millionaire online dating agency - the place to find your fairytale prince and beautiful princess.

why marry an ugly millionaire?
the world is not full of beautiful people ! that’s a fact.
 
there are many men and women who are on the hideous side of normal. but that doesn’t make them bad or unmarriable!  no - many ugly people have other traits that make up for their lack of good looks, personality, charisma, dependability, caring and massive amounts of money. these traits add beauty to otherwise excessively overweight, fat, deformed and revoltingly ugly people. a beauty you can enjoy while sipping champagne on an exclusive a sun kissed beech.
 
note: okay we admit it - there are plenty of beautiful people using or online dating agency - so if you are looking for your dream mate you will also find them here!!
how to marry an ugly millionaire?
check the men seeking women and  women seeking men sections. there you will find a profile on each of our millionaire clients.
find the one that you would like to marry then complete the application form. within a few weeks the millionaire will choose his or her future partner.
if you are chosen, we will contact you and make all the wedding arrangements. it’s that simple. there is absolutely no cost or risk to you.
 all our weddings are covered by a ninety day emotion-back guarantee.
 
disclaimer: marry an ugly millionaire marriage bureau and online dating agency is part of the exclusive rich gentlemen's club dating service that provides full escorted dating, wedding, divorce and funeral services to those who are absolutely loaded and are able to afford our excessively expensive, specialist services. the company do not assume responsibility for any of the marriages we arrange after the 90 day guarantee period. neither do we guarantee that any marriage will necessarily be happy, profitable or sexually gratifying. we do however, offer all clients, who's marriage we have arranged, a 40% discount on subsequent divorce proceedings. warning a marriage is a serious undertaking and should only be entered into after careful consideration and expensive legal advice. please read the small print before signing a marriage contract.
 
fulfil your dreams to find love, happiness and great wealth.
so go on marry an ugly millionaire - and have a fairytale happy and mega-rich future. 
all marriages are covered by a marry an ugly millionaire unique ninety day guarantee.
 
what are our ugly millionaires looking for?  
most are looking for happiness! they want to find a partner that will love them despite their repulsive outward appearance. they are looking for someone who is loving, caring, good fun to be with and most importantly incredibly sexy and attractive!! (ie no poor mingers need apply)
looking for someone rich?
looking for someone beautiful?
looking for someone poor?
looking for someone ugly?
looking for someone famous?
 
no matter who your ideal partner is -  find them right here - right now!!!
whether you are looking for a life partner, or just someone to hang out with, here you'll be able to find exactly who you are looking for, locally or around the world. it's fun, interactive, safe and anonymous - until you decide to take it further. it's free to join and post your profile. when someone contacts you it costs you nothing - the only cost is when you initiate contact with someone. ( and right now even that is free )
create your own free dating profile, you can even add your photo!
check out the range of membership benefits, services and how it works here. we invite you to become a member of our online global community and enjoy an active, social life with rewarding experiences.
 
join now for:
 
live chatrooms.
instant messaging with other members.
your own blog.
email other members.
find the perfect partner.
share and view photos and videos.
find happiness now. meet new, available singles!
we have several options availible for all types of lifestyles. there's no long term commitment. join today and find other like minded singles. dating today is tough. we hope to help you by providing advice, community, friends, horoscopes, and many other cool features.
just think! for less than a cup of coffee, you can find the relationship you are seeking. ( and right now everything is free !!!!! )
join today! your best date ever is waiting!
what if i am not looking for an ugly millionaires? 
do not worry!! our dating agency is no longer just for ugly millionaire - we have had so many requests from beautiful people we have opened up the agency to everyone. so whether you are a beggar or a king an ugly duckling or a beautiful swan, you will find love on our new site.
 


 
this week's special offer.




each week we profile one of our most desperate millionaires. to make him or her even more tempting the millionaire will provide an added incentive so as to secure a quick wedding. 
this is a get rich - get happy scheme where everyone is a winner!!



incentive: cyril will give the lucky lady $1 million on their wedding day and $1 million on each anniversary she survives.
condition: the girl must agree to marrying cyril without meeting him and must marry him within six weeks.




profile of the millionaire



name
cyril "killer" pettigrew



age
who's asking!


location
near hell


occupation
pop legend


wealth
$200 million


source of wealth
bloody singing


interests
white powder


likes
white powder


dislikes
the f***ing establishment



profile of the ideal partner



age
18 - 21


looks
bloody fantastically sexy.


personality
dumb blonde


must
wear very few clothes


must not
be religious.


 
 



intentions



have a bloody riot.



 



ugly millionaire rejects.
the people below applied to marry an ugly millionaire but were rejected!
now they are seeking their very own ugly millionaires for love, marriage and becoming mega rich.
 
if you are rich and ugly why not search through the handsome hunks and beautiful ladies below and choose your mr or mrs perfect.
click on their picture to see a full profile of your chosen lovely. then simply contact them directly and soon you could be happily married.
(see our marriage and divorce arrangement services)
beauty isn't everything - many people can see beyond ugliness and love you for your wealth. so stop making your grotesque looks an excuse for finding love and happiness - get clicking now!








						 

rejected

millionaire


despite his pleading anne grossman rejected the young, sexy, efosa. anne sighed, "i could never marry such a stud! i would have to spend day and night in bed with him  and would never get a chance to eat!!"
						click the photographs to see efosa's and anne's profiles.







rauchy rich bitch sinngel has rejected the intellectual student jasem because she hates virgins.









 

 




women seeking men.
profile of the millionaire



name
anne grossman



age
24


location
birmingham


occupation
student


wealth
$1 million


source of wealth
inheritance


interests
i am not ugly so i am cheating a bit using this dating agency. when i was 17 i won the miss butlin's beauty contest - admittedly there were only three contestants and the other two were grannies who had entered the wrong contest. after i graduate i intend opening up a health farm so you will need to be prepared to help me.


likes
clubing, pubing & tubing


dislikes
vomiting after a night out.



profile of the ideal partner



age
20 - 26


looks
must be good looking with a strong fit body.


personality
extravert with a love for life.


must
have degree in business management.


must not
be an arse.


 
 



intentions



build up a successful business with my chosen partner then get married.



 

 








why this person was rejected



rejected by
anne grossman 


 





the reject's pleading message to the millionaire
anne grossman, i will like you to look at my my direction to see deep into my eyes how i am begging to see u pick me for a husband .i will truely make u happy husband 'cos i have all it takes to do that .i am interesting and loving who would uphold anything that will make our life grow and sweet.
						all i am begging for is the life with you ,i cherish you and really will like to love you with all my heart .i will make a great husband for you .
						i am waiting here baby for you to pick me .


reason for rejection
when anne saw efosa's picture she immediately fainted. it took six cream buns and a bottle of gin to bring her round. rubbing the photo with sweaty fingers anne sighed, "i could never marry such a stud! i would have to spend day and night in bed with him  and would never get a chance to eat!! my heart is broken . . . is there any more buns?" 







 

 





profile of the reject



name
omoigui efosa abel
 


 





age
28


location

			nigeria


email address:
eomoigui@yahoo.co.uk


occupation
computer programmer 


number of times i have previously been married
none


i have the following disgusting habits / addictions
cool don't drink , don't smoke and read alot
			(editors comments - efosa would be most suited to a very dull lady who likes to spend her nights knitting)



hobbies
romance and computer 


why i want to marry an ugly millionaire
i need to make her my a partner in my multimillion dollar company i wish to create .for both of us


why a millionaire should choose me
because i can manage millions and make millions more
			what i would do with the millionaire's money: build a soft ware company 


what i would do with the millionaire's money
build a software company.



 


 
beautiful women seeking ugly millionaire husbands.
profile of the woman.



fun loving girl with a fetish for leather seeks ugly rich gentleman for bizarre pleasure with leather and feathers.


name
dommi nattiun


 





age
24


location
moscow


occupation
escort at a private moscow escort agency.


about me
i love meeting people and travelling, that is why i am so happy working for an escort agency. every day is different. every day i get to meet wonderful, interesting business men from all over the world. admittedly there are some men who think that because they hire me for the night that they can have their evil way with me. the scumbags! for i will not sleep with a man just because he has hired me. no! he must give me lots of money or jewellery - only then does he deserve the pleasure of my companionship in bed. when i am not sleeping with strange men i have many interesting hobbies - i love parachuting and scuba diving. my other hobbies include dressing up in leather outfits and been tied up and whipped - that is such fun.  it has always been my ambition to be a spy for the russian secret service but i failed my qualifying exams - apparently they do not accept anyone under 4 ft 8 in.  


why a millionaire should choose me.
i am a good, honest girl who needs love, tenderness and a little but of whipping to make me do whatever you want.



 



sexy men seeking ugly millionaire women for fun romance and marriage.






marry an ugly millionaire online dating agency
are you mega rich? are you hideously ugly? are you desperately seeking a sexy husband?
yes! good! for we have some real hunks for you. the fabulous men below are all urgently looking to marry someone just like you - ugly but filthily rich. so search through the sexy lads below and choose the one you would like to marry.
 click on the pictures to see the sexy hunk's complete profile. then simply fill in the application form and soon you could have the love of your life and a fairytale marriage. 



king dom of khidonski needs your money and help rebuild his country after the 45 year television wars which has devastated the country.



up and coming actor, hank, would like you to play beauty and the beast with you (naturally, he will play beauty)



jeanne pierre has ways to thrill you that are beyond your imagination.



career minded dimbett is a young man with balls.



 







 


 
our full service include : international online dating, arranged marriages, rich singles escorted dating, relationship & marriage advice, wedding arrangements, divorce and funeral services. we particularly specialise in international dating russian dating, asian dating, christian dating, american. canadian, australian, chinese, english, scottish, german, latino, portuguese, swedish dating and danish pastries. we do not arrange french dating.

online dating jokes
a message from god?
a crumbling old church needed complete renovation. during his sunday morning sermon, the preacher,  looking directly at the town multi-millionaire business man, made an impassioned plea for money.
at the end of the sermon, the rich man stood up and announced, "pastor, i will contribute £10,000."
just then, plaster fell from the ceiling and struck the rich man on the shoulder. he promptly stood back up and shouted, "it's a sign from god - i will increase my donation to £50,000."
before he could sit back down, more plaster fell on him, and this time he shouted, "pastor, i will double my last pledge."
no sooner had he sat down, and a larger chunk of plaster fell on his head. he stood up once more and hollered, "pastor, i will give £200,000!"
this prompted a deacon to shout, "hit him again, lord! hit him again!
+++
a boy came home from school one day. his father asked him how his day was and the boy said, "well dad, i looked stupid because i did not know the difference between potential and reality."
his dad says, "well son, go ask your mother if she would sleep with our next door neighbour for a million dollars."
he came back with a shocked look on his face and said, "dad, she said, 'yes!".
"ok son, now go and ask your sister the same question."
a few minutes later he came back, shocked again. "dad, she said, 'yes!' also!"
his dad told him, "there you go."
his son looked at him, puzzled. "dad i still don't understand."
" look son, potentially we are multi-millionaires, but in reality we are dead broke and living with a couple of whores."
+++
multi millionaires
how to become a millionaire?
a woman was boasted to her friend, "it is i who made my husband a millionaire."
"and what was he before you married him?" asked the friend.
with a grin the woman replied, "a billionaire."
 
+++
 
marry-an-ugly-millionaire-online-dating-agency.com












