






cabins southern oregon; crater lake















gathering light ... a retreat
cabins and tree houses in southern oregon near crater lake national park
gathering light, located near crater lake national park in southern oregon, is a nature retreat. or rather, it's a retreat for nature lovers with cabins located in the forest on the river. come and stay in our cabins, "tree houses", or 
or try rv camping, and take in crater lake national park, the klamath 
basin birding trails, and more.
in addition to cozy cabins, our nature retreat offers river-views, a meeting hall, opportunities to swim and sunbathe; canoeing, kayaking, hiking, cross country skiing, wildlife viewing, birding - we're located in the pacific flyway of oregon with myriad klamath basin birding trails nearby. to make your travels easier, we offer travel maps of southern oregon and northern california with destination suggestions.
easy to find, the nature retreat is located north of klamath falls in southern oregon, mere miles from crater lake national park. in addition to crater lake national park, the nature retreat is about 50 miles from the southern oregon border making it not far from lava beds national monument. a wide variety of wetlands, all part of the system of birding trails - are located nearby - wood river wetlands on agency lake in the pacific flyway of klamath basin - just 10 miles from the retreat. the southern cascade mountains of oregon form the western boundary of klamath lake, making it easy to hike in the sky lakes wilderness, a nice day trip from the retreat, or the mountain lakes wilderness, also a nice day trip from the retreat. find the many nearby national wildlife refuges of southern oregon and northern california, located in the pacific flyway of klamath basin. in addition to all this, the cabins are situated in a private forest, as well as surrounded by national forests. leave any of our cabins and walk in the woods, you won't necessarily know when the retreat ends and winema national forest begins.
to explore the beauty of crater lake national park, check out our travel section. or expand your travels, check out our travel site travel byways and getaways.
oregon shakespearean festival in nearby ashland, oregon.
the cabins are ideal for artists, writers and meditation.


website directory

page listings


or you can start here ~ pictorial overview of suggested sites, including crater lake national park, in southern oregon and northern california, as well as, a path to site directory.


gathering light ... a retreat
cabins in the forest on the river near crater lake national park in oregon.
retreat for nature lovers' cabins are non-smoking.


cabins and tree houses at retreat for nature lovers near crater lake national park in southern oregon.


