









healing retreats | detoxify, nourish & assist your body and mind





















































home
retreats

retreats dates
daily schedule
retreat classes
health benefits


the center
our story
testimonials
contact
register
 


select page


  
 
 










10% off until 4/1/2025
register today
 
click to register







a special offer! get 10% off early registration by 4/1/2025.

register for a retreat

“people have the choice to take responsibility for their own well being. they only need to be shown how.”
founder/director marcia radin

2025 body mind restoration retreats summer retreat dates
we will be offering raw food cleansing retreat diet including wheatgrass juice, energy soup, salads and krauts, rejuvelac, seed cheeses, etc.
a 50% deposit is required for all retreats.
cancellation policy: more than 14 days before the retreat: refund of deposit less $100 handling fee or full credit to a different retreat.fewer than 14 days before the retreat: we do not refund deposits. 50% of the deposit may be applied to a later date.






body mind cleansing retreat (10-day retreat)friday, june 20 – sunday, june 29



body mind cleansing retreat (10-day retreat)friday, july 25 – sunday, august 3





body mind cleansing retreat (12-day retreat)monday, june 30 – friday, july 11



body mind cleansing retreat (12-day retreat)monday, august 4 – friday, august 15






we will be offering raw food cleansing retreat diet including wheatgrass juice, energy soup, salads and krauts, rejuvelac, seed cheeses, etc. 










our culture
our guests initially seek out our retreats to realign their mind and body in a safe and quality environment, but they return year-after-year because of the experience. guests frequently remark that being at body mind retreats is like coming home to family. we create a warm-hearted environment that fosters and enhances a healthier state of body and mind. 



learn more






join a retreat
these retreats were created to serve the ever growing need to provide a safe and quality environment to eliminate toxins and deficiencies from the body. we work to give people the knowledge to clarify mental processes and allow the body/mind to realize the health it was naturally intended to have.



learn more 






the center
our retreats are held at the beautiful and peaceful ithaca zen center, a 60-acre facility in the finger lakes region of upstate new york. the grounds feature two spring-fed ponds, wood-fired saunas, a dining hall, meditation center, studio space for yoga and aerobics, and a wide range of custom-designed residences all nestled in the heart of a serene forest.



learn more 







what we offer
our health retreats are designed to heal and rejuvenate the body and mind. this is not a spa experience; it is a comprehensive program that introduces a way of living that leads to good health.
we offer:

a vegan raw foods diet
exercise classes
colon care
yoga
meditation
saunas
health education
a beautiful 60-acre retreat center with swimming ponds, streams, and waterfalls

the combination of all these offerings facilitates a deep experience of well being that may not be found elsewhere.



healing benefits
while many guests come as part of their commitment to themselves to live a healthier life, the retreat is also effective in addressing a wide range of chronic conditions such as:

weight issues
diabetes
chronic fatigue syndrome
high blood pressure and cholesterol
acid reflux
recovery from chemotherapy and cancer treatments
many other conditions

at the body mind restoration retreats you will learn how to take responsibility for your own health. come experience what health feels like.





register for a retreat



many guests at body mind restoration retreats come as part of their commitment to themselves to live a healthier life, but leave having had a transformative individual and cultural experience that truly awakens their soul. we are so proud to have connected with so many individuals through the years, having touched and nourished every single person. 

read our testimonials







































“the retreats have massively reduced heavy metal poisoning that has plagued me most of my adult life crippling my circulatory systems and heart. better, the skills and information i absorbed have changed by lifestyle immensely.”



“when i arrived two years ago my blood pressure was 205/100 on medication. today my pressure is 120/70 without taking medication. thank you david and marcia and staff for giving me the tools for my health transformation.”



“what an amazing experience! my joints feel so much better. i can feel myself “melting away” in a good way. a great staff, great foods prepared with so much love in a soft green paradise. thanks so much!!!”











 
join us and experience a way of living that is truly life-altering! 
 



 
56 lieb road   ·   spencer, ny 14883(607) 277-7779   ·   info@bodymindretreats.com
website designed by true creative
 



 










facebook




twitter




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 


















