





michigan heating & cooling | petoskey michigan hvac








































































 1-231-439-9041 sales@michigan-heating.com 
















 


get a free estimate

toggle menu

home
about
services
products
reviews
 












 


northern michigan's 
							heating & cooling specialists 
							 


 








 









michigan heating and cooling 
















24 hour emergency service
(231) 439-9041
 




















1992 harbor petoskey road (m-119)
petoskey, michigan 49770
 




















northern michigan's
heating & cooling specialists
 



































					35			
+ 
years experience








your hometown comfort specialists
michigan heating & cooling
since 2003, michigan heating & cooling of petoskey has been providing local residents and northern michigan businesses with the hvac equipment and services they need to stay comfortable year-round. our 34 years of industry experience and dedication to customer service means that you’ll get exactly the right equipment for your needs, and the professional service to make sure it is installed, maintained, and repaired correctly.
our experience includes new construction, historic homes and buildings, residential structures and commercial buildings. no matter what your heating and cooling needs are, we have the skill to make sure you stay warm during the northern michigan winters, and comfortably cool in the summertime. 




 24-hour service
 installation
 





 maintenance
 service & repair
 







hvac services  













residential & commercial hvac
  




01



24 hour service
let’s face it. furnaces and air conditioners do not keep regular business hours. that’s why you need an expert who is available whenever they break down. we offer 24 hour emergency hvac repair service to help fix the problem fast.






02



installation
from new construction or historic buildings, to residential or commercial structures…we do it all. we help select the right unit for your needs with professional installation. stay warm in the winter and cool in the summer!






03



maintenance
regular maintenance can help keep your hvac systems working at peak efficiency and prevent unexpected problems. our maintenance and inspection services will help keep your equipment running smoothly for years to come.






04



service & repair
when heating or cooling systems break down, you want a service professional you can trust. michigan heating & cooling provides excellent service and support as your northern michigan hometown comfort experts.


 


 








heating & cooling for northwestern lower michigan
we’re not just located in petoskey, we live here too! we created michigan heating & cooling to provide residents of northern michigan and local businesses with reliable, professional hvac services that are second to none. our service area covers:

emmet county and charlevoix county
parts of antrim, otsego and cheboygan counties

we cover from the mackinac bridge to gaylord and petoskey to indian river. cities include alanson, brutus, harbor springs, pellston, boyne city, charlevoix, east jordan, and more.
michigan heating & cooling is your hometown comfort specialist!
licensed, bonded, & insured








 


 








proudly featuring daikin brand products











































 






 











reviews from our clients
   










jan, cole & bella

thank you so much for taking such good care of me and my furnace! i am very lucky to have you both as friends and neighbors! sincere appreciation for all of the tlc.

      











julia h.

thank you for your generous support of bay view cottage walk 2015. it was a phenomenal success! we sold nearly 1,200 tickets and raised more than $32,000 in net proceeds – a record for the women’s council and the morning council. thanks to you and other sponsors we were able to cover all our costs so that all of our ticket sale revenues can go to charitable giving. as you know, we support bay view programming, which is entirely open to the public. we also give to petoskey-area charities such as hospice, the women’s resource center, and the petoskey high school girl’s scholarship fund. thank you for helping to make it all possible.

      











kathleen

many thanks mark, your guys were great. we will be up over labor day to check out the project.

      











gloria turcott

from the sweet lady answering the phone, to the gentleman giving me the quote, to the owner who actually does service calls when needed (i’m intentionally leaving out their names for privacy) this business is absolutely, positively 5+ stars in my book. thank you for everything! if it wasn’t for the advertising card i received in the mail, i wouldn’t have called for a quote. you all were incredible!

      




   






 




















  
professional heating, cooling, and hvac services for northern michigan.
proud member:
petoskey chamber of commerce
harbor springs area chamber of commerce

 

get in touch


1992 harbor petoskey road (m-119)petoskey, michigan  49770
sales@michigan-heating.com

1-231-439-9041







 

northern michigan service area michigan heating & cooling provides service from the mackinac bridge to gaylord and petoskey to indian river.
cities include alanson, brutus, harbor springs, pellston, boyne city, charlevoix, east jordan, and more.

 












					copyright © 2023 michigan heating & cooling. all rights reserved.				

					site developed by abuzz creative.				



 



























