









rya courses in greece, learn to sail in greece






















































































































 





 
 
 











skip to content













 



homeabout us





about corfu sea school 


faq 


our fleet 


testimonials 


contact information 
 

courses





rya practical sailing coursesrya practical motor cruising coursesrya practical powerboat coursesrya practical catamaran courses 


online coursesrya shorebased courses 


course packages and discountsspecial courses & eventswhat's included? 


course availabilityterms and conditions 
 


 

our area





sailing area 


travel information 
 

galleryresources





payments 


downloads 
 

blog



































the largest range of rya courses in greece



















































































































the largest range of rya courses in greece



































































 


















 
top shotlearn to sail in the sunlandscapeslide6enjoy the unspoilt beauty of greecewindmillrya courses for all levels of experiencebitmaplearn at the oldest rya centre in greecewa seaenglish speaking, highly experienced instructors motor boat course ryacourses for sail and powerside deckdiscover a passion for sailingrya training greece 2 yachtsbritish owned and managedrya sailing lessons greecestudy online before you arrive 



 



















e-learning centre









more about the rya













new instructor course






extra cruising instructor (sail) course added  beginning 5th march 2025. see here















learn to sail with our rya courses in greece






welcome to corfu sea school, the longest established royal yachting association (rya) approved training centre in greece. we are british owned and from our base on the stunning greek island of corfu we provide the largest range of rya courses all year round, including: competent crew, day skipper, coastal skipper, yachtmaster®, powerboat, motor cruising, icc, and all the associated shore-based courses. the school prides itself on offering relaxed yet effective tuition in all aspects of boating including; sailing, boat handling, navigation and seamanship.
all of our practical courses are run on modern, fully equipped yachts and powerboats that meet the stringent safety requirements of the marine authorities. whether you are a complete novice, improver or an 'old hand' looking to gain a specific diploma, we are confident that we can provide the solution on one of our rya courses in greece. we also offer a range of online courses to help you study the theory of boating and navigation before you arrive in greece. discover how you can learn to sail in greece with the rya training scheme. we are here to help you to become a better sailor.






learning to sail in greece is fun!






we believe that learning to sail should be fun and greece is the ideal place in which to get the most out of your course. the blue skies and warm waters of the mediterranean make a rya course in greece a truly enjoyable experience. getting here could not be easier. we are only 15 minutes from corfu international airport, easyjet fly here from the uk everyday of the week and there are daily flights from all major european cities.






the largest range of rya courses in greece






we provide a widest range of rya courses in greece. some are designed for pleasure sailors, others for those wishing to work in the yachting industry. rya diplomas are recognised around the world and can be used as proof of competence for hiring and chartering vessels of all types. choose from....






























rya practical sail cruising courses






our rya sailing courses in greece include: competent crew, day skipper, coastal skipper and yachtmaster








details



















rya practical motor cruising courses






our rya motor courses in greece include: helmsman, day skipper, coastal skipper and yachtmaster








details



















rya practical powerboat courses






our rya  powerboat courses in greece include levels 1 & 2. these licences are required to hire boats in many countries








details





















rya shorebased courses






our rya courses in greece include: first aid, radar, vhf radio, sea survival and diesel engine








details



















online courses






we were the first to design and have approved rya online courses , learn more here…








details



















special courses & events






rya instructor training, icc testing, tidal conversions and a number of special events.








details












not sure which course, or combination of courses is correct for you?
contact us to discuss how we can help you learn to sail in greece.







contact us







whilst we already have a number of popular course packages, we can always tailor-make something just for you.









 
















see what our clients say about us






 corfu sea school5.0based on 70 reviewspowered by googlereview us onstefan varadinov06:20 26 oct 23the school has a strong foundation and offers a variety of rya courses. the instructors are highly experienced, and i am very satisfied with the quality of the training. the courses i took include radar, diesel engine, yacht master offshore motor preparation, and examination.mark cooper13:16 17 oct 23a brilliant week on mafalda 2 with ivan as captain. the friendly instruction, professionalism and patience from ivan and everyone elseat corfu sea school resulted in an amazing learning experience. there is a lot of learning but its done in a way thats very enjoyable and there is still time to enjoy yourself in the evenings. i am so glad i chose corfu sea schoolfor my training and cannot recommend them highly enough.garfield ferguson14:04 07 oct 23had an absolute amazing time! i learned to sail around some of the islands in greece,  with great people, and my instructor radu was brilliant!!!would definitely recommend it if you're interested in learning to sail.frank vassiliadis14:01 07 oct 23we had the most amazing 2 days with our instructor dave. corfu sea school is the ultimate training centre for achieving the best boating and sailing skills and attaining your license which is recognised world wide.sara young06:47 03 oct 23we spent two weeks with corfu sea school doing comp crew and day skipper. the online theory we did prior to arriving in corfu was really well put together!our instructors phil and roman were super friendly, seriously experienced and gifted teachers. knowing when to step in and when to let us get on with it. the stressful business of ‘take-off and landing’ was soon sorted as we grew in confidence.we had a fab, fun holiday and came away with new skills we can’t wait to put into practice (the flotilla holiday next year is already booked 😃).i cannot imagine a better organisation to see you on your sailing journey.many thanks to steve, phil and roman and the whole of the team. we loved it!dimitrios gouliermis07:36 02 sep 23a unique experience for the sailing aficionados! positive atmosphere, serious professionalism, great fun, all in one! did the competence crew and covered all the curriculum and even more! phil is a great trainer, opening our appetite for more sailing! imho the best place in greece to learn sailing no matter if you are a beginner or want to refresh and improve  your skills.susannah13:57 26 aug 23a great course lead by a great instructor- thank you mark! the theory was well organised online prior to the in person course. the week in corfu was intense but absolutely worth it, i had a great time with the rest of my crew. all staff were lovely and had a great sense of humour. 100% recommend. boat was nice with food provided for breakfast, lunch and snacks. very happy.michelle gutierrez17:06 20 aug 23what a great week! my husband and i just ended our competency crew sailing course. what an unforgettable experience ! we learned sooo much, had a wonderful time, made new friends and visited gorgeous places. highly recommend! mark, our instructor, was very knowledgeable, professional and friendly. steve, the owner was always timely with his responses anytime we had any inquiries prior to arriving at corfu (and beyond). staff was just as pleasant. don’t hesitate to book. we are already planning on turning for our day skipper certificate.david carr17:29 15 aug 23fantastic school i highly recommend this professional sea school company.i did in july 2023 complete my competent crew course followed by day skipper course and finished with level two powerboat course and got my radio license all in two weeks, tuesday through sunday.my english speaking instructors were extremely competent, very knowledgeable and easygoing which made the two weeks very enjoyable.putting in the study hours before arriving made the whole course easier to absorb and i highly recommend you do the same whichever school you choose.a big thanks guys.robin15:57 04 jun 23i did the 5-day rya coastal skipper course at the corfu sea school in may/june 2023 and i really enjoyed it.we sailed on the school's beneteau 331 'elati' with our instructor roman. it was admirable how he managed to find the perfect balance between relaxation and learning every day. he managed to convey both theoretical and practical knowledge very well.all in all, five instructive and also fun days, which exceeded my expectations. 














































learn to sail by taking rya courses in greece with the longest established school in the country. we offer all of the rya sail, motor and powerboat courses.















see our facebook page 














see our instagram page 














e-mail us 










gouvia marinakontokalicorfu49100greece












search corfu sea school















documents






cookie policy
terms and conditions
privacy policy
imprint









get in touch





  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.



please check the captcha to verify you are not a robot.




send


message sent!
message failed. please try again.











© 2025 corfu sea school. all rights reserved.









powered by: corfu systems









designed by: corfu web design









 




×







manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
scroll to top 


































