









martin, disiere, jefferson & wisdom


















martin, disiere, jefferson, and wisdom


































main content
main menu

search










menu

teamcapabilitiesresultsresultsexperience & reachsuccessesclients

the differencethe differenceour uniquenessour approachelite trial lawyerswe serverecognitioncompliancethought leadershipthought leadershipnewsbriefspublicationseventsnewssign up for newsbriefsofficesteamcapabilitiesresultsresultsexperience & reachsuccessesclients










attorneys you count onin the heat of battlethe way we do things and how we treat people attracts exceptional lawyers who love to work together. we’re fully engaged in doing the right thing and delivering optimal results with teamwork, tenacity, humility, and integrity. taking the high road is not always easy in contested disputes. we rise to the challenge daily.



attorneys you count onto outperform expectationswinning outcomes are empowered by a winning culture marked by teamwork, tenacity, humility, honesty and a tireless commitment to taking the high road. our culture attracts great lawyers and exceptional people driven to do what’s best for our clients, communities and each other. in the end, it’s a win/win for all.



attorneys you count onto have your backin trying times, in life and at work, we all have people we count on. they understand what matters to us, watch our back, protect our interests,  and champion our causes. that’s who our lawyers are and why we win for our clients.









count onclear thinking and straight talkwe cut through the noise to focus on what really matters. with pragmatism and integrity, we provide straightforward counsel so you can make informed decisions.sign-up for our newsbrief







count onexceptional talent without the attitudesour lawyers are talented, yet we practice with humble confidence. we apply the golden rule in all we do and are known to be high-character, genuine people who do the right thing for the right reasons.





find an attorney


search







count onfield expertiseacross the nation and multiple legal disciplines, we’re known for substantive expertise. we are sought after speakers on winning trial techniques and have literally written the book on different aspects of texas litigation and texas law.


insurance litigation
trial, specialty and construction litigation
labor and employment counseling and litigation
state and federal appeals and original proceedings









the latest from mdj&w


texas insurance law newsbrief - november 6, 202406 nov 2024







jump to page










logo condensed

















houston
dallas
austin
san antonio



privacy policy
disclaimer
site map
site by firmseek
© 2025 martin, disiere, jefferson, and wisdom






by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy and our terms of use. 

manage cookies
accept and close





necessary cookies
necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. you may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.


analytical cookies


on

off

analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. we access and process information from these cookies at an aggregate level.

close







