




  






home - estevan chamber of commerce, sk

















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events




































































member login









contact us









join




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events




































































member login









contact us









join














directory

members






member directory


member benefits


become a member








who we are






about us


contact us


information requests








what we do






events information


events calendar


news releases







chambers plan
resources
member login

































                                                    farm family
                                                

                                                    march 28, 2025
                                                

buy tickets











become a member


                                                    your chamber of commerce membership means more business for you!
                                                

learn more











chambers plan employee benefits


                                                    chambers plan is the #1 employee benefits plan for canadian small businesses, and it's offered as an exclusive benefit for our chamber members.
                                                

find out more

























welcome to the estevan chamber!
the estevan chamber of commerce is a diversified, member-driven network of businesses. we strive to improve the local business climate and community well-being in southeast saskatchewan.












directory







events







news




























mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events »












































learn more

















advocacy



memberships
canadian chamber of commerce member
canadian chamber executives of canada member
saskatchewan chamber of commerce member
chamber of commerce executives of saskatchewan member
saskatchewan economic development alliance member
estevan economic development committee member
saskatchewan trade and export partnership member
women entrepreneurs of saskatchewan inc. member
event attendance
saskatchewan chamber of commerce's agm, chair's invitational dinner, political forum
saskatchewan economic development alliance annual conference
lunch with minister of natural resources, jonathan wilkinson in regina hosted by the regina chamber, the saskatchewan chamber and the greater saskatoon chamber
estevan chamber events
political forums - the estevan chamber hosts municipal, provincial and federal political forums during election years.
saskpower engagement session - click to watch the small modular reactor session














live, work & play here



the city of estevan is located in southeast saskatchewan. whether you are a resident or visitor, there is plenty to do and experience.
 visit city of estevan for more info!














become a member



the benefit to businesses is big when you become a member. from networking opportunities to advertising. don't miss out on being part of a growing community of local business
read more »














starting or growing a business



starting or expanding a business can be a big undertaking. fortunately, there are organizations out there that help people get it all figured out. visit our resource page for more information.
find out how »









 






 


































estevan chamber of commerce newsletter and email blast sign-up









* indicates required
email address *first name last name business name categorical listings what type of business (e.g. finance, agriculture, etc.)?primary contact email format htmltext





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
        




























 





































































a special thank you to the r.m. of estevan no. 5 for your support!




thank you for the support of our community partner the
rural municipality of estevan no. 5.



































































 estevan chamber of commerce

  322 4th street, estevan, sk s4a 0t8

  3066342828

  admin@estevanchamber.ca









we're making estevan and southeast saskatchewan a great place to do business.
























































© copyright 2025 estevan chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.


















 


