








retail greenhouse, garden center, and nursery business - for sale by owner - www.eadesgreenhouse.com




















































 















> >  
  < <
 




 november 7, 2003 update:
the retail greenhouse,
  garden center, and nursery property described on this page and all of our
  other real estate that we had for sale by owner is now all sold including
  five of the six rental houses described in the blue box below
  and in further detail on our other web page.  on june 28, 2003, we further elected to not sell the rental home located at 905 east vine
  street.  the pending sale that we
  entered on june 28, 2003, has completed as the sale closed and was recorded at 10:12 am cst november 7, 2003.  as per terms offered here and on this web page, the buyers of the 6 properties were "the first one with the
  money" via wire transfer.













 




 
want to learn about an even better
 business
  opportunity  ?
 
click
  here to
  visit our other business web site to learn about the best business opportunity
  that i know of for making full time income even
  working just part time.  our other
  company is expanding and we have income opportunities for people from all
  walks of life, no experience necessary. 
  if you or someone you know could use an extra $400.00-$500.00 a week
  part time (and a lot more full time), you owe it to yourself to take a look.  this is the best
  office or home-based income producing business opportunity i know of and as a
  successful entrepreneur, i have looked around.... a lot!
 




 
 
    
 




 




for sale by owner




 
retail greenhouse, garden center, &
  nursery business
 
successful,
  well-established, and largest greenhouse operation in the county.  included is 6000 sq. ft.
  of greenhouses plus an extra 1800 sq. ft. poly house (brand new – never
  assembled), 1500 sq. ft. garden center retail store (retail store built brand
  new in 1985), very nice 2-3 bedroom ranch home (1100 sq. ft. not including
  its attached garage and full dry basement) which rents for $660/month,
  natural gas heat, award winning municipal water & sewer and all situated
  on huge lot located in the center of a growing, but well controlled, upscale
  progressive small town of 5432. 
 
profitable operation, fully equipped, with plenty of room
  for expansion and excellent growth potential.  includes land enough
  to expand and develop a full service landscape division, which has
  considerable demand and no local competition.
 
this is a wonderful
  opportunity to work for yourself in a delightful
  atmosphere surrounded each day by beautiful plants, flowers, and cheerful
  people.  perfect opportunity for
  grower, manager, or passionate gardener ready to start growing
  his or her own money in this well established greenhouse and nursery!  this is a business that you could even
  be an absentee owner of, if you chose to team up with a manager.
 
net discretionary cash flow (net
  profit to the owner) is currently between $40,000 and $50,000 annually (part
  time – march-june), not including the additional $7,400 annual net income
  from the home if not occupied by owner.
 
historically, the annual gross revenue
  exceeds $60,000 and the annual operation costs are less than $13,000
  (including all materials, supplies, inventory, labor, property taxes,
  insurance, advertising, utilities; gas, electricity, water, sewer, trash, and
  telephone services).  unlike most
  retail operations, there is very little overhead to this business since most
  of the retail product is produced from seeds,
  cuttings, and divisions.  click here
to view a list of plants grown.
 
to facilitate a quick private sale,
  owner has firmly priced this property well below market value to eliminate
  the time consuming burden of negotiating between buyer and seller.  
 
owner’s
  first preference is to sell outright; however, owner is also willing to
  provide financing through a lease/purchase agreement (rent-to-own) or land
  contract.  a lease/purchase agreement
  for the business property could be arranged with a deposit little as $3,000
  plus inventory. 
 
will sell separately or all together.  the business,
  real estate, and residence are package priced for swift private sale by owner for
  only $149,000 plus inventory and all closing costs.  alternatively, the price is $85,000 excluding the home.  
 
either price includes the
  well-established and registered business name, all equipment, fixtures,
  signage, deed of conveyance, well over 30 years
  goodwill, and covenant not to compete.
 
at
  this point inventory on hand is minimal and estimated to be under $5000
  (mostly supplies & hard goods).  all inventory on hand will be
  priced well below wholesale allowing at least 100% markup on retail items.
 
this opportunity is available on the
  “first one with the money gets it” basis. 
  owner can be ready to close the transaction for an outright purchase
  of this business and real estate upon issuance of commitment for title insurance
  (within 2 business days) or upon receiving a deposit under a lease/purchase
  agreement.  an outright purchase offer
  will naturally take precedence over a lease purchase offer.  either way, the new owner will be able to
  assume possession and begin operations immediately or as soon thereafter as
  is convenient and practical for the buyer.   
  
 



 
owner is
    also a retiring landlord and has for sale separately, and in addition to
    the above business and home for sale, five other single-family homes in monticello
    that are also package priced below
    market value for swift private sale
    by owner at only $195,000 for all five properties or will sell individually
    or in any combination in between.  
 
in addition to the consistent 3-5%
    annual appreciation of the real estate itself, the minimum annual net
    (after tax, insurance, maintenance, & etc.) rental income to the owner
    of these five houses is between $22,000 and $26,000 (11.3% to 13.3%)
    depending on length of tenancy (1-year or 2-year lease term), which is based
    on the rental rates which were set in 1993.
 
the net rental income is actually greater than reflected
    above, since these figures only represent the base double occupancy rates,
    and as such do not include the additional rent received if there are more
    than 2 occupants.  click here to view the rental rate schedule for these properties.
 
all but
    one of the five homes for sale are located within
    two blocks of the retail
    greenhouse, garden center, & nursery property.
 
one of
    these five homes, a unique 4+ bedroom, 2
    bath, 2 kitchen, 1700 sq ft house (not including its full basement) is
    located on a ¼ acre lot that directly adjoins the above business
    property.  this home can also rent as
    a 2-unit apartment, further increasing the current rental income.  
 
as with the business property, owner’s first preference
    is to sell these houses outright,
    however, owner is also willing to provide financing through a
    lease/purchase agreement, lease with option to buy, rent-to-own, or land
    contract with a deposit as little as 5%. 
    click here for additional
    information about seller financing.  click here to view
    prices and the specific terms of a lease-purchase.
 
click here to learn about the community and local housing market.
 



 
even if the next owner of this
  business requires financing to make the purchase, this operation will easily
  continue to be quite profitable over and above the finance costs.  a u.s. department of agriculture
  business development loan also possibly available with very favorable terms.
 
this business is eligible for a $3,000
  grant through the facade
  improvement grant program funded by the city of
  monticello. 
 
in the past, this operation
  has run seasonally, less than four months during the year (march-june) and can easily be expanded to a
  year-round operation if a new owner so desires.  in addition to expanding goods and
  services offered and/or operating year-round, both the top and bottom lines
  of this opportunity can be increased by an entering owner who likes to be
  outside the store marketing and/or installing plants, trees, and shrubs.  
 
with staged production, the
  existing indoor growing facilities are large enough to produce at least 20%
  more under roof before the additional greenhouse (which is brand new and
  included) would be required.  there is plenty
  of room for expansion in the outdoor growing area of the nursery as well
  since less than 30% of the 23,000+ square feet of outdoor growing area is used at any one time. 
 
the potential of this business
  opportunity and future growth is limited only by a
  person's imagination and willingness to take advantage of existing and
  growing demand.  many other companion
  operations can easily be added to this existing
  operation.  for instance, there is an
  extreme local demand for landscaping design, supply, and services, not to
  mention lawn care.  while
  current owners do plant trees, shrubs, etc., they have never had the time to
  expand that segment of this operation, but it would be an obvious extension
  of the current operation, especially now that inexpensive and easy to learn
  and use landscape design software is available and most modern pc's are now
  powerful enough to easily run cad software, landscape design and instillation
  would be a natural expansion of the services and a great source of additional
  revenue, all the while allowing the business to operate more than the
  march-june season as in the past.
 
with the exception of
  poinsettias and easter lilies, which are bought in,
  all plants are grown and retailed locally on site.  owner considered wholesale production, especially
  during the off-season, however never attempted wholesale growing after
  researching the possibility, discovered the market to be highly competitive
  and very low profit.  to be profitable
  a wholesale operation must be huge and fully automated = very large capital
  investment with no guarantee of buyers from year to year.  the large wholesalers that have contracts
  are corporate owned, have multiple huge facilities & locations and truck
  their plants coast to coast.  it would
  be difficult to compete as an independent wholesale grower and still make a
  profit.  moreover, growing just one or
  two varieties of plants, as wholesale operations do would get monotonous,
  since part of the fun of this business is experimenting with new varieties
  and interacting with local customers.
 
the internet is another
  untapped market for expanding this business as well, especially into niche
  markets.  
 
another
  option to expand this business to year-round operation would be for the next
  owner to offer fresh cut floral arrangements for occasions including
  weddings, funerals and every day events. 
  silk flowers, balloons, giftware, and other products could easily be added to complement the existing operation
  as well.  a full service florist with
  an emphasis on customer service and satisfaction would be a welcome addition
  to the community.  a floral division
  could easily be further increased through internet presence and/or
  subscribing to a national floral wire service.  
 



 
comment
    added:
 
in years past, we have
    been too busy to visit other garden centers at the beginning of the spring
    season, so when we did observe them it was always after the first of june.
 
we always assumed
    that the reason that their plants were so much of lesser quality than ours
    was that it was the end of their season and that their plants were
    "picked over".  at the same
    time, our plants back home at eades greenhouse & nursery were still
    fresh, compact, and vigorous looking, since we purposely staged our crops
    for that reason (and to conserve bench space).
 
however,
    if what we saw when we walked through the nearest wal-mart on mother's day
    sunday, may 11, 2003, is representative of the typical quality offered by
    the garden centers 20 minutes from here in champaign, urbana and decatur,
    we can now clearly see that we missed a huge market over the years, by not
    advertising in those communities, especially considering their population
    base.
 
the quality of the
    "factory mass-produced" trucked in plants we saw at wal-mart at
    the beginning of their season compared to the superiority of the locally
    grown greenhouse plants we offer is no comparison.  while their mediocre quality plants were
    alive, that is about all that can be said for
    them.
 
the second shock we
    had was the extremely limited selection of plants offered by wal-mart.  see for yourself.  print out www.eadesgreenhouse.com/plants.htm,
    then go to any garden center and compare their selection of annual,
    perennial, and vegetable plants to ours.
 
after the shock wore
    off from the mediocre quality plants and limited selection, we were stunned by the fact that their "everyday low
    prices" were in fact higher than ours were!
 
i
    realize that these are some bold statements.  it is not my
    style to belittle others, as i always stand on my own virtues.  however, at the risk of
    sounding condescending, it is fair to say that if our selection were as
    limited as theirs is, we would consider our inventory sold out for the
    season and if our plants were of that quality, we would call it a crop
    failure and dump them on the compost pile, rather than insult our customers
    with them.  no wonder we
    always received so many warm compliments from our patrons.
 
given my proven record of accomplishment as a successful
    entrepreneur, it is not like me to miss such a wide open market and obvious
    opportunity to easily multiply our volume and bottom-line profit like
    this.  i could just kick myself and
    the only thing i can say in my defense is that when we considered these
    markets 10 years ago, the quality, selection and prices must have been
    considerably better than they are today…..at least that is my story and i
    am sticking to it :).
 
sincerely, 
    steve shreffler
 



 
owner
  has streamlined operations and maintained meticulous records of supplies
  & materials and production and sales statistics and is available to
  assist as consultant through transition period.  a certain amount of orientation and consultation will
  naturally be included in the sale of the business and property to insure a seamless transition and the next owner's
  success.  ongoing
  fee-based consulting and/or hands-on assistance can be
  arranged depending upon the next owner's needs.
 
this successful business has been a
  fixture in monticello illinois for over 60 years and since renamed eades
  greenhouse & nursery in 1969, enjoys a celebrated reputation for
  quality.  this operation returns a
  good profit now even though the owner always uses only the best materials and
  has never sacrificed quality for profit.  the firm’s renowned reputation has always been based on producing the greatest selection
  of the freshest and highest quality plants the area has ever seen. click here
to view a list of plants grown.
 
in
  the last 3 years of operation, during the month of may, annual bedding
  plants & house plants have accounted for 59.6% of the sales,
  vegetable & herb plants 9.9%, hanging baskets & potted flower arrangements
  8.6%, hard goods 8.1%, perennials 5.7%, soil products 5.4%, seeds 2.1%, trees
  & shrubs 0.5%. 
 
this
  business can be 100% operational within 7-10 days and the next owner will
  have full control over the operation as no plants are growing at this time.
 
owner
  has good and legal title and full authority to sell and transfer this business which is owned free & clear including the
  real estate, buildings, & all fixtures, which has no debt, outstanding
  loans, notes, liens, or mortgages or any other encumbrances and is not in
  default of any credit, involved in any litigation or subject to any
  judgments.  owner has always paid all
  account statements/invoices by return mail the same day as received.
 
reason for sale: “success in the stock
  market combined with too many irons in the fire”.  after working 16-18
  hours/day, 7 days/week for over 20 years (including the 40-48 hours per week
  that it takes to operate this business march - may), owner intends to slow
  down and spend more time with family and have elected to discontinue five of the businesses
  they own and retire in monticello at their home 563 feet east of this
  business property.  having never missed a day of work due to
  illness on over 30 years and not taken a vacation in 12 years, owner wants to
  “play hooky” for a while.
 
current owners operated this business
  as husband & wife team and as such, the cost of additional labor has been kept to a bare minimum.  using contract labor on a
  piece work basis, the following does not apply to this business, however, if
  employees were hired, under the state and federal agriculture regulations
  which govern greenhouse & nursery operations in the state of illinois,
  this business would be exempt from the following, since the labor
  requirements to operate this business fell far below the following limits; 1)
  with less than 4 employees, this operation would be bound by no minimum wage
  requirement or overtime pay.  2)
  workman’s compensation insurance is not a requirement if the business had
  less than 400 workdays of ag. labor per quarter
  during preceding calendar year.  3)
  unemployment insurance is not required unless the business exceeded
  $20,000.00* payroll/quarter or employed 10 or more employees on 1 day
  during any 20 week period.  this type
  of business has the most favorable labor laws and requirements of any small
  business, which further contributes to a surprising low cost of overhead and
  unusually high profit margin.
 
*if memory serves correctly this is per employee, per
  quarter (either way this business would fall far below $20k/quarter payroll).
 
this operation requires no federal,
  state, county, or local permit or licenses, other than simply registering for
  standard tax numbers (no cost or qualifications) and paying a nominal state
  nurseryman’s license fee of $20 (simple application, no test or credentials
  required).
 
a recent
  development that should positively influence this business is that due to a
  tornado (first in 115 years) that recently struck the city of monticello, it
  is anticipated that this business will benefit from dramatically increased
  demand for nursery stock, due to the destruction the tornado caused to trees
  and shrubs on the west side of the community (you have to look for it but
  it’s there).  
 
reports tallied the loss of trees to
  be in the thousands and certainly many of those will be
  replaced over the next few years.  with eades greenhouse and
  nursery being the only local supplier of nursery stock, understandably this
  business would be the main source for our residents.  
 
fortunately, the properties on this
  web page were spared serious damage as the tornado
  struck the other side of town.  click here
  to view an email sent at the time containing news stories pertaining to
  the tornado.   
 
this property suffered only minor
  damage due to the tornado, which will initially add at most a day or two to
  the normal 2-3 day annual preparation work, which is typical in for the
  spring startup for a season’s production. 
  the cost of this minor additional maintenance and repairs has been generously factored into the selling price.
 
another aspect to how the storm may
  significantly benefit this business is addressed in
  an article regarding this issue from the local newspaper.  click here to view the article.   
 
in addition
  to several affluent new residential subdivisions and industrial parks that
  are filling right now, there are a number of local multi-million dollar
  capital improvement projects underway (see below), including a brand new
  middle school and a new public safety facility (not that a new jail is even
  needed), all of which will increase the demand for nursery stock for the
  local garden center and bottom line profit for the owner. 
 
if a person
  were to market to these projects, it is very possible that the nursery and/or
  landscaping division of eades greenhouse & nursery alone would net
  additional profits which could easily surpass the annual net income from the
  current seasonal greenhouse and garden center spring operation as
  historically the sales of trees, shrubs, and landscaping have been less than 1%
  of this firm’s annual sales.
 
click
  here to view pictures of this property
 
to
  view survey plat maps of this property click here.  the location of the buildings are drawn in to
  give an idea of the layout of the garden center complex and make it easier to
  consider possible division options for the sale of this property.  
 
the overall lot size will depend upon by how (and if) buyer
  and seller actually choose to divide the property, which will ultimately be
  determined by what houses and buildings are involved in the sale.  the total lot size is about one acre (which
  is equivalent to one full city block) and is located one block north and six
  blocks east of the center of town.
 
 




- -the community - -




 
 
the above is all located in a city that is a great place to raise children or to get away from the
  busy city and own your own business that already has an outstanding
  reputation.  the lifestyle in
  the city of monticello, illinois is comfortable and secure, offering a nice
  contrast to the hurried and congested lifestyle in a larger city, with
  monticello’s rich architecture, abundant green space, continuous and positive
  growth, relaxed pace and down-to-earth midwest values. 
 
blending the charm of country living
  with the services and conveniences of a city, monticello, illinois is a
  unique community of 5,432 in the heart of illinois farm country with an abundance of natural
  resources and unequalled quality of life. 
  located in the center of the sangamon river valley, the dark prairie soil in piatt county
  is some of the best in the nation according to u.s. statistics.  the fertile topsoil is deep and production
  abundant.
 
the
  business and all homes described above are all centrally located within easy
  walking distance of anywhere else in town. 
  this business is included and pictured on page 140 of the hardbound historical book “monticello
  – 150 years later” published in 1987.
 
monticello residents enjoy excellent local full-service;
  medical facilities (number of physicians per capita is 3-times the national average),
  hospital, local based ambulance service, esda, police & fire protection,
  excellent schools, affordable and executive housing, both old and new,
  extensive public library, public airport (medi-evac capable), golf course and
  driving range, large municipal swimming pool and other recreational
  facilities and parks, year-round city-sponsored recreational activities (over
  25 programs and 6 annual special events), local radio station and cable tv
  channel, live theater, local dining & lodging - as well as a established
  daycare, retirement village, nursing home, county health and mental health
  centers, social and senior services, and more than a dozen local churches
  representing the various denominations (64 churches listed in the monticello area, of which 17 are
  here in town), several county and state offices
  including a local drivers license examination station and many other
  amenities and conveniences only enjoyed in larger cities.  
 
in
  monticello, quality is the way of life. 
  monticello has a progressive, friendly government and one-stop city
  services second to none including an excellent recreational program with a
  full-time director, aggressive capital improvements program, enhanced 911
  emergency services system, full time professional 24/7 city police protection
  (officers are also trained first alert responders and each squad car is fully
  equipped including emergency defibrillators). 
 
the
  monticello fire department is fully trained in fire
  and rescue.  most of they calls to
  which they respond are medical assistance and due to the continuing advanced
  training program and state-of-the-art equipment they have, the monticello
  fire department has achieved fire rating code decrease from city class 7 to a
  5 and in turn causing a 10% decrease in insurance premiums city wide
  effective last october.  monticello is
  also located within minutes of multiple trauma centers.
 
in
  spite of the current national economy, the city of monticello currently has
  the largest fund balances (cash in the bank) in the history of the city.  all of this with no debt and no outstanding
  bonds, and most importantly all of this accomplished with no increase in the
  city tax rate.  in fact, the city tax
  rate has decreased each of the last 7 years in a row and the city has
  millions of dollars cash on hand thanks to fiscal responsibility and wise
  long-range planning.  
 
as
  in past years, the recently passed city budget once again includes huge
  capital improvement projects, further enhancing the city, while other
  communities are struggling just to pay their bills.
 
monticello has an award winning municipal water system
  which is fed from the pure underground mahomet aquifer, ample reliable
  electricity and natural gas supplied by illinois power company offering low
  utility rates, telephone service by verizon, cable tv and super fast
  broadband cable modem internet service by mediacom, high-speed and wireless
  telecommunications, local dial-up internet access offered by at least 3
  companies, and trash removal service provided by your choice of 3 companies
  as well.
 
monticello
  railway museum's weekend summer vintage train
  rides pass within view of this property and bring in many new customers each
  year.  
 
for
  more information about monticello, please visit: www.monticelloillinois.net.
 
click here to view the sperling's
  bestplaces neighborhood profile of
  monticello.  do not miss page two of the data, as the
  link is small and in the bottom left of the page.  
 
monticello
  has more than its share of park and recreational areas, and in addition to
  the abundant facilities maintained by the city, county, and university of
  illinois and freely used by the residents, there are the monticello public
  schools’ 5 gymnasiums, weight room, handball court, 2 running tracks, lighted
  baseball diamonds, 2 lighted football fields, lighted softball diamonds, and
  lighted tennis courts which are open 24/7 for the use of monticello residents
  and used by the city recreation department, as well as the monticello golf
  club’s 9-hole golf course and foster’s bowling alley.
 
in addition to the 9 parks in
  monticello, of special interest to gardeners and one of monticello's most
  beautiful attractions is robert allerton park, a designated national natural
  landmark located just southwest of town. 
  in addition to the large georgian mansion, allerton park consists of 1,500 acres of formal gardens, many famous and
  meaningful statues, nature areas, and miles of walking trails.  more than 100,000 people visit the park
  each year.  click here for more
  information about robert allerton park.
 
monticello also enjoys the vast
  resources of the university of illinois, which is located 20 miles from
  monticello.  moreover, the u of i maintains a fully staffed county extension office
  located in monticello offering free horticulture, lawn, and garden programs
  that cover the various issues that local residents may run across and many
  options to use to solve those issues.  click here for a full listing of these programs and more information.
 
the air quality in monticello as reported by the epa is rated 46% better than the national average.  this location in central illinois also
  enjoys a climate entirely free of serious natural disasters and occurrences
  including geologic hazards such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis,
  landslides, floods, subsidence/collapse, sinkholes, karsts, mudslides, or
  avalanches.  with the exception of
  minor thunderstorms, and in spite of spite the occasional (but very rare)
  tornado, monticello does not lye in “tornado alley” and is completely free
  from atmospheric hazards such as hurricanes, droughts, blizzards, nor'easter,
  typhoons, tropical cyclones, tidal waves/tsunamis, el nino/la nina, locusts,
  or wild fires.  due to the low
  population density location, there is virtually no threat of disease
  epidemics, war, riots, urban or other terrorism, and almost no exposure (if
  any) to anthropogenic or technological hazards such as smog, radon, mercury,
  asbestos fibers, coal dust, acid rain, oil spills, or contamination of the
  atmosphere or surface waters with harmful substances.
 
monticello is a proud community, and its schools, museums, parks,
  historical landmarks, are a major contributing factor in that feeling of
  pride.  monticello schools have always been staffed with well-trained, highly
  qualified people and as a result, monticello students have consistently
  scored far above average and in the top 5% on both state and national
  achievement tests.  
 
monticello, already containing a lot of magnificent older homes
  and numerous beautiful newer homes, has room to add many more.  when visiting monticello,
  be sure to visit “millionaires’ row” (north state street), south charter
  street, and piatt street.
 
every town has similarities and unique characteristics, but few
  under 5500 population can compare to monticello for its abundance of
  preserved historical and architecturally significant homes, buildings, and
  landmarks.  
 
in 1976, 24 sites, including 18 homes were
  identified by the historical preservation board and designated with bronze
  plaques including the spot where abraham lincoln first met and talked to
  stephen douglas, which led to the famous series of debates in 1858.  abraham lincoln stayed in monticello while
  practicing law in the piatt county courthouse.  ever hear the phrase “lincoln slept here” ?  well, the
  building immediately north of the eades greenhouse
  and nursery is the hotel that abraham lincoln frequently stayed in when he
  was in monticello and as such is listed on the national register of historic
  places.
 
in spite of the fact that monticello is located on interstate
  i-72, less than 30 minutes from a large shopping mall in champaign and
  another in decatur, the business climate remains consistently healthy as the
  residents choose to support their local merchants, both out of convenience
  and loyalty, as well as the knowledgably personalized service they are
  accustomed.  
 
monticello is home to over 50 retail businesses and over 100
  non-retail businesses and the community is also home to many professional
  people, including doctors, chiropractors, dentists, optometrists, and
  attorneys with local practices. 
  perhaps the least publicized monticello advantage is its fine
  selection of restaurants.  few small
  towns can claim cuisines so varied, with 18 dining locations.  
 
parades, holiday celebrations, and homecoming are all part of the
  yearly activities in most small towns and monticello has all of these and an
  especially fine 4th of july free fireworks display and celebration, which
  grows bigger every year, and attracts large crowds including the area
  television news.
 
piatt county ranks 4th of illinois' 102 counties by percentage of
  residents who are high school graduates and of the population over 25 years
  of age, over 21% are college graduates with 4-year degrees and 11% have
  graduate degrees.  
 
the median home
  value is $100,700, and the per capita income of $45,754 ranks 11th of
  illinois' 102 counties.  more than 74%
  of monticello residents own their own homes (18% above the national average),
  average rent in monticello is $480, average household net worth is $204,174,
  and the average farmer in piatt county owns a
  604-acre farm worth $972,596.
 
illinois
  has no capital gains tax and the illinois state income tax is fraction of
  that in most other states.  if fact,
  there are only 7 states in the usa that have a lower state income tax.  most state tax rates are as much as 3 times
  that of the illinois flat tax (3% of federal adjusted gross income with
  modification), which naturally does not penalize upper income brackets.  
 
better
  still, with local tax rates in other cities being in excess of 12%; both the
  county of piatt and the city of monticello have no local sales tax surcharge
  and no county or city income tax!  zero
  – zip – nata – never had it – never will.
 
monticello
  has one of the finest school
  systems (1 teacher for every 16 students), lowest crime rates (almost
  nonexistent), and lowest property taxes in the state*.  click here to view a shocking
  property tax-rate comparison chart. 
  
 
*thanks to illinois power
  company and verizon communications (formerly general telephone company) having located their
  official home offices in monticello years ago to take advantage of the low
  taxes, further resulting in an unusually large distribution of the corporate
  replacement tax, and ultimately resulting in far lower property taxes in
  monticello.  all if which acts to lower
  the overall cost of living and doing business in monticello as compared to
  other communities in the state.
 
monticello is the
  piatt county seat and enjoys the solid work force that is available in the
  area with a stable population base. 
  population within piatt county is 16,623.  there is a population base of 250,000
  within a 50-mile radius.  two of the
  world's largest agribusiness processing companies, as well as a renowned
  research, technological and educational center, are within a 30-mile
  radius.  
 
approximately 90%
  of the area is cropland, 3% pasture, 1% woodland, and 5% other
  (municipalities, waterways, highways). 
  
 
the transportation
  network of piatt county includes interstate highways, u.s. highways, state
  highways, and a network of well-maintained local roads.  
 
monticello
  is the ideal central illinois draw location near i-57 & i-74 on i-72, 20
  miles from & midway between champaign-urbana (home of the university of illinois) and decatur il. 
  monticello enjoys two exits off interstate i-72 and one off i-57.  this county seat community is only 1 hour
  from the state capital and 2 hours from chicago, st. louis, & indianapolis.  
 
strategic
  location for work and play, easy access to
  highways, rail and air travel, an abundant and skilled work force, and a
  vibrant local economy (to spite the current condition of our the national
  economy).  these are just a few of the reasons why so many businesses
  call monticello home.
 
for
  more information about monticello and piatt county, please visit: the
  illinois dept. of commerce & community affairs (dcca) analysis.  the dcca
  also has a variety of assistance and financial information for new business
  start-ups and those existing businesses needing to upgrade or expand.  click here for a brief
  description of some of the federal, state and local assistance programs and
  tools available to new or expanding businesses within the city of monticello.
 
the city of
  monticello is pro-business and has on staff a full-time economic development director and is also designated
  as a "main street community" thanks to the
  planning and proactive approach of our city administration and staff, planning
  commission, zoning board (owner sits on the
  monticello zoning board), and various other business, religious
  and civic groups including a very active chamber of commerce and tourism
  bureau which work closely with the city of
  monticello administration to create a favorable business climate, retain
  existing jobs, create new jobs, and bring new business and industry to the
  area.
 
monticello has several strong
  organizations that are always actively pursuing the various grants, which in
  turn pay for projects like the multi million-dollar streetscape project
  which is currently wrapping up.  click here to view line item # 172, which
  shows the $1,104,443 bid for the state of illinois’ half of
  the streetscape project.
 
since the city of monticello has the
  foresight to maintain a current comprehensive plan, which is already in place
  as well as other prerequisites, surveys and studies, we are able to take
  advantage of the state and federal sponsored programs and grants that many
  other communities do not qualify.  several times monticello has been one
  of fewer than 12 communities that qualified for grants in the entire
  state.  
 
illinois is currently undergoing the
  largest capital improvement programs in decades.  the good economy in the late 90s and
  legislative initiatives have fueled and created programs such as “build
  illinois” and “illinois first” programs, both dedicated to building,
  expanding, rehabilitating, and repairing illinois’ infrastructure, schools,
  universities, hospitals, businesses, and state-owned facilities.  there is a local matching portion of the
  program of school construction.
 
the “illinois
  first” program
  (illinois fund for infrastructure, roads, schools, and
  transit) is a five-year, $12 billion funding package (of
  which piatt county gets at least $5,483,342) is the largest state public
  works program ever funded in illinois. 
  projects include highways, bridges, school classrooms, mass transit,
  water and sewer lines, economic development projects, park and playground
  development, biking and hiking trails, fire equipment, police equipment and
  community centers for senior and youth programs.
 
 




for
    additional information, please email us at:
 
 
this email address
this email address
 
or contact
    us by telephone at: 217-762-4846


 
 
thank you
 
 
> >    < <
 
 




 
 




index of links contained on this
  page:
 
allerton park
another
  interesting article
city of monticello
  elected / appointed officials
city of monticello web site
dcca
  profile analysis of monticello
facade
  improvement grant program
financial
  incentives and other sources of financing and training
lease-purchase
  terms and prices
lightning
  speed shop
monticello main street
monticello
  property tax rate comparison chart
monticello
  school system
neighborhood
  profile of monticello
news about
  the tornado that hit monticello
owner's
  personal web site
pictures
  of this property
plants
  grown by eades greenhouse & nursery
pre-paid legal services, inc.
rental
  rates
retirement notice
seller
  financing
shreffler web hosting service
streetscape project (line item # 172)
survey plat maps of this property
university
  of illinois extension office
 
 
 




view
the plants we grow
 
view
pictures of this property
 
visit
my personal web site
 
visit
lightning speed shop
 
 
 
contact information
 




email:   
this email address
this email address


 
 




owner can normally be reached by
  telephone monday-friday 9 am - 5 pm cst at 217-762-4846.




 
 




yahoo!  
  messenger
 

 
if you would wish to communicate using instant messages, my yahoo id is: eades_greenhouse
 
note: while my pc is online 24/7,
  it may be idle if i am away from my desk, but you can still send me an
  instant message and it will be the first thing i see when i return.
 
if you are using a computer that is equipped with a
  microphone and speakers, we can also voice conference over yahoo messenger, which is another free service.
 
you will need the latest version of yahoo! messenger that
  includes the voice chat feature.
 
click here if you wish to get the yahoo!
  messenger.  it is a free download.
 
if you prefer, i can
  also be contacted via aol, msn, and icq instant messengers
and am equipped to both voice and video
  conference via netmeeting.




 
 
 
 
 
terms
of sale
 
 




i am a private party selling 7 of the 8
  properties that i own and while i have bought these properties over the
  years, this is the first time i have ever sold one and am not in the real
  estate business, but where applicable, the terms of this transaction shall be
  in accordance with the sales
  information and policies of my business.  since this is a private
  transaction, you will not be required to pay sales
  tax.
 
inspection: these
  properties are available for your inspection by appointment.  inspection is welcomed and encouraged.  these properties are all located in
  monticello illinois.  (halfway between
  champaign and decatur illinois, 1 hour east of springfield illinois and 2
  hours from chicago, st. louis, and indianapolis).
 
closing: we can be ready
  to close this transaction immediately upon issuance of commitment for title
  insurance (anticipated to take less than 2 business days).
 
financing/credit
  available:  our first preference is to sell these properties outright,
  however, we are also willing to provide financing through a lease/purchase
  agreement, lease with option to buy, rent-to-own, or land contract as
  specified above.  click here for
  some additional information about seller financing or visit www.ss427.com/rto.
 
payment terms: 3.5%
  non-refundable deposit on the business property (5% on houses), due
  immediately and balance to be paid as agreed in acceptable proposal.  the price
  does not include inventory, tax, or any closing costs but does include 5%
  discount for payment by cash, wire transfer, check, or money order.  best if deposit is by wire transfer.
 
method
  of payment:  cash
  (u.s. currency), bank wire transfer, electronic check, travelers' check,
  money order, certified or cashiers' check drawn on any bank located in the
  usa.  visa,
  mastercard, american express, discover credit cards.  company & personal check drawn on any
  bank located in the usa accepted, but must allow extra time for
  clearance.  all electronic check and
  credit card payments handled securely online through www.paypal.com.
 
buy
  with confidence:  i have had same address since 1973, same bank account
  number and telephone number since 1977, same business location and spouse
  since 1979, and same ebay user name and verified i.d. since 1998. 
 

 
i am a confirmed premier paypal member
 
and paypal verified more than 3 years
  ago.
 
please feel free to 
 




you can
    pay me securely with any bank account (electronic check)
 
or major
    credit card online through paypal









            









 
 
 
 




for details about the cars i am selling from my corvette &
  muscle
car collection, visit my personal homepage: www.ss427.com




 
 
 
 




i have tons of factory original, high-performance chevrolet
engine parts for sale - for details go to: www.fastss.com




 
 
 
 




this is something
  everyone needs and most people
have never even heard of -
  for details click here!




 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
business for sale: 




for sale by owner: central illinois
  retail greenhouse, garden center, and nursery business.  perfect
  opportunity for a grower/manager or passionate gardener ready for own
  business.  9300 square feet under roof including retail store situated
  on large lot in the center of town.  fully equipped, turn key operation
  with excellent growth potential and room for expansion.  priced for
  swift private sale by retiring owner at only $85,000 plus inventory. 
  seller financing possible.  for detailed information, please visit: www.eadesgreenhouse.com




 
 
 
attention real estate investors:




houses for sale by owner separately, and in addition to the above, 6 other single
  family homes in monticello which are also package priced below market value
  for swift private sale by owner at only $259,000 for all 6 properties or will
  sell individually or in any combination in between.  seller financing
  possible.  for detailed information, please visit: www.eadesgreenhouse.com/#houses




 
 
telephone company lowest rate search engine
 
 
click
here for free legal resources, forms, and document online database
 
 
 
 

 
we grieve
for all those who fell victim to terrorism on
september 11, 2001
to those who perpetrated
this act we say:  may god have mercy on
your souls....for we will not!
 
 
 
 
copyright © 2003 eades greenhouse and nursery.  
all rights reserved.
designated trademarks and brands are
the property of their respective owners.
this
web site was created, designed, and maintained by stephen j.
shreffler using microsoft word.
web hosting powered by shreffler
web hosting service, p.o. box 42, monticello, illinois  61856
 
business
opportunity, on line business opportunity, internet business opportunity,
employment opportunity, job opportunity, home business opportunity,
opportunity, franchise opportunity, career opportunity, home based business
opportunity, work at home opportunity, business opportunity cash no selling
earn business opportunity no mlm, safe list business opportunity submit url
marketing marketing tool, small business opportunity, investment opportunity,
volunteer opportunity, equal employment opportunity commission, income
opportunity, opportunity seeker, money making opportunity, equal employment
opportunity, equal opportunity, online business opportunity, work from home
opportunity, web master opportunity, extra income opportunity, home income
opportunity, work at home business opportunity, business opportunity seeker,
mlm opportunity, homebased business opportunity, network marketing opportunity,
franchise business opportunity, opportunity cost, home employment opportunity,
opportunity nocs, free business opportunity, free home based business
opportunity, online opportunity, home base business opportunity, franchising
opportunity, kleeneze opportunity, equal opportunity employment, internet
opportunity, mlm business opportunity, at home business opportunity, new
business opportunity, equal opportunity commission, free home business
opportunity, home based employment opportunity, work at home job opportunity,
free work at home opportunity, classifieds job opportunity job opportunity,
business opportunity mlm, self employment opportunity, home based opportunity,
opportunity knock, money opportunity, full time income opportunity working from
home, financial opportunity, federal employment opportunity, international
business opportunity, sale opportunity, equal housing opportunity, equal
opportunity employer, equal opportunity act, business opportunity online,
license opportunity, shaklee business opportunity, federal business
opportunity, kleeneze business opportunity, equal credit opportunity act,
teaching opportunity, adult/business opportunity seeker, adult business
opportunity, equal employment opportunity commision, us government job
opportunity, home opportunity, free money making opportunity, airline
employment opportunity, business opportunity at home, best business
opportunity, free mlm opportunity, online job opportunity, truck driver job
opportunity, nursing job opportunity, opportunity business, business
opportunity classifieds, career opportunity with nokia, internet home business
opportunity, job opportunity in dubai uae, opportunity seeker mailing list,
federal job opportunity, mlm home based opportunity networking, reseller
opportunity, equal opportunity employment commission, equal employment
opportunity act, excel business opportunity, extra income opportunity extra
income, internet income opportunity, , , making money, money making idea, money
making opportunity, making money online, making money on the internet, making
money at home, making money 2000, making money from home, making money on the
web, making money on the net, money making web site, money making scams, free
money making opportunity, making money fast, money making program, money making
scheme, making extra money, making easy money, online money making, making
money from home small business opportunity, making counterfeit money, making
money on line, money making book, money making system, money making tip, making
money catalog, money making business, interested in making extra money sing up
today, making money on internet, making money now, internet money making
opportunity, kid making money, money making strategy, money making business
opportunity, money making site, internet money making, money making opportunity
at home, money making idea for kid, business opportunity money making index,
making fast money, small business opportunity making money from home, free
money making, making money home based business, money making online, making
money in real estate, making money with your computer, 30 minute money making
system, making money opportunity, easy money making, making money with my
computer, free money making idea, making money internet, free money making web
site, money making for kid, money making at home, money making product, making
money off the internet, best money making opportunity, making money idea,
making money online internet home, making free money, teen making money, money
making idea for teen, making money from home multi level marketing, money
making 2000, making money web site, money making magazine, making money
business opportunity, free money making magazine, don lapre money making 2000,
don lapre making money, money making on line, money making craft, money making
offer, fast money making, making money system, making money stuffing envelope,
making big money, money making career, making money with computer, making fake
money, money making project, free money making report, secret to making money,
easy money making opportunity, money making survey, making quick money, making
money easy, work from home money making, the ultimate money making tool, money
making program prospect, making counterfit money, ever quest money making,
money making machine, free money making program, making money on net, making
money over the internet, free web site and money making, making money catalog
book store, making money with real estate, business, home business, business
opportunity, small business, better business bureau, on line business
opportunity, internet business opportunity, business plan, business card, home
based business, business to business, business directory, small business loan,
business for sale, work home business, business service, business letter,
business insurance, business loan, small business administration, small
business grant, free business card, internet business, business week, home
business opportunity, international business, business name, business and
economy, business software, starting a business, business grant, business
travel, better business, business form, business new, business magazine, start
a business, business management, business ethics, business school, business and
finance, harvard business review, business intelligence, sample business plan,
caribbean and business, business gift, business broker, business resource,
business news, business center, business law, business idea, small business
association, investor business daily, online business, business communication,
home based business opportunity, business web hosting, business training,
starting a small business, business consulting, business credit card, homebased
business, business strategy, business license, business planning, business
proposal, music business, commerce business daily, business white page,
business opportunity cash no selling earn business opportunity no mlm, business
web site hosting, business journal, home base business, business search, business
development, business card design, buy business, business etiquette, starting
your own business, business christmas card, harvard business school, business
consultant, start your own business, write a business plan, business solution,
small business for sale, small business idea, cd business card, sample business
letter, start a small business, small business resource, business object,
business logo, business plan sample, free business form, small business
opportunity, business card software, business article, new business, , business
opportunity, on line business opportunity, internet business opportunity, home
business opportunity, home based business opportunity, business opportunity
cash no selling earn business opportunity no mlm, safe list business
opportunity submit url marketing marketing tool, small business opportunity,
online business opportunity, work at home business opportunity, business
opportunity seeker, homebased business opportunity, franchise business
opportunity, free business opportunity, free home based business opportunity,
home base business opportunity, mlm business opportunity, at home business
opportunity, new business opportunity, free home business opportunity, business
opportunity mlm, international business opportunity, business opportunity
online, shaklee business opportunity, federal business opportunity, kleeneze
business opportunity, adult business opportunity, business opportunity at home,
best business opportunity, opportunity business, business opportunity classifieds,
internet home business opportunity, excel business opportunity, business
opportunity magazine, work from home business opportunity, small business
opportunity magazine, herbalife business opportunity, home based business
opportunity public utility, business franchise opportunity, internet based
business opportunity, business opportunity home base, uk business opportunity,
home based business business opportunity, home based business opportunity
opportunity money home business home based wealth cash rich, home based
business mlm opportunity seeker marketing, free internet business opportunity,
business opportunity uk, computer business opportunity, easy business
opportunity, wholesale business opportunity, canadian business opportunity,
mail order business opportunity, business opportunity recuriting earn
networking online business, internet kiosks business opportunity, home business
webmarkeing work from home business opportunity, money making business
opportunity, kiosk business opportunity, loan broker business opportunity,
opportunity business mlm, state farm and business opportunity, home based
internet business opportunity, business opportunity make money at home,
business opportunity money making index, best home business opportunity, small
business opportunity making money from home, business opportunity home based,
medical business opportunity, network marketing business opportunity, turnkey
business opportunity, web based business opportunity, prepaid legal business
opportunity, business opportunity online homepage, affordable internet
business opportunity, business opportunity lead, business broker business
opportunity, business investment opportunity, walton business opportunity,
online internet business opportunity, part time business opportunity, affiliate
program business opportunity, global business opportunity, business opportunity
in home based business, ads on internet business opportunity, make money
business opportunity enjoy don lapre money free, real business opportunity,
franchising business opportunity, home based business opportunity seeker,
business to business e commerce opportunity, business opportunity from home,
california business opportunity, affordable new internet business opportunity,
making money business opportunity, business opportunity in turkey, business
opportunity internet business mlm, minority business opportunity, affordable
home based business opportunity, business opportunity australia, affiliate
business opportunity, business income opportunity, business opportunity
resource, employment, employment agency, employment opportunity, employment
law, home employment, federal employment, canada employment, virginia
employment commission, oregon employment, employment development department,
oregon employment department, florida employment, employment services, job
employment, self employment, employment site, colorado employment, employment
search, employment application, employment security commission, equal
employment opportunity commission, government employment, north carolina
employment security commission, texas employment commission, australia
employment, aviation employment, employment insurance, part time employment,
employment contract, houston employment, equal employment opportunity,
temporary employment agency, temporary employment, employment screening,
employment web site, nursing employment, employment listing, california
employment development department, michigan employment, virginia employment,
employment discrimination, physician employment, las vegas employment, arizona
employment, medical employment, employment guide, pre employment screening,
texas employment, federal government employment, home based employment, work at
home employment, nc employment security commission, california employment,
private investigation employment, online employment, cruise ship employment,
employment application form, city of union city ca employment union city ca.
job, telecommuters employment, overseas employment, international employment,
christian employment, alabama employment, state employment, north carolina
employment, washington state employment, employment standard act, ohio
employment, employment form, employment office, alaska employment, wisconsin
employment, lockheed martin employment, illinois department of employment
security, virginia employment commision, law enforcement employment, police
employment, ohio bureau of employment services, employment test, at home
employment, employment service, san diego employment, health care employment,
wal mart employment, atlanta employment, employment recruiter, oklahoma
employment, minnesota employment, south carolina employment, uk employment
agency, employment search engine, legal employment, oregon employment office,
home employment opportunity, cruise line employment, employment 911, summer
employment, seasonal employment, hotel employment, contract employment, ,
income tax, federal income tax, income, low income housing, extra income,
residual income, income opportunity, state income tax, income statement, income
tax form, income tax preparation, federal income tax form, income tax
calculator, working from home full time income opportunity, six figure income,
federal income tax rate, income tax rate, extra income opportunity, home income
opportunity, low income apartment, earned income credit, american income life,
federal income tax table, average income, income property, fixed income, income
tax software, income tax return, state income tax rate, income tax bracket,
supplemental security income, now income, income tax table, canadian income
tax, internet income, debt to income ratio, multiple stream of income,
retirement income, income inequality, income tax deduction, income statistics,
social security income, massive income, home income, earned income tax credit,
disability income insurance, income distribution, income for low income family,
federal income tax bracket, income tax canada, income protection, second
income, book about income, disposable income, median income, full time income
opportunity working from home, low income home loan, ew york state income tax,
o income verification loan, state income tax form, et income, employee
retirement income security act, art time income, average household income, tuck
income, income tax refund, california income tax, disability income, national
income, low income housing tax credit, low income assistance, federal income
tax return, california state income tax, income protection insurance, home
based income, american income life insurance, income properties, information about
income, income tax online, household income, income calculator, income tax law,
sixfigure income, taxable income, rating income, imputed income, gross income,
income tax rebate, income tax filing online, income tax act, home business
internet income, 001 income tax, income property for sale, american income life
insurance company, corporate income tax, an diego income property, income based
apartment, fixed income securities, low income home buying, income per capita,
job, no job, job search, work money job, government job, hot job, hand job,
part time job, job description, free no job, federal job, free no job picture,
computer job, california job, america job bank, monster job, job bank, it job,
job listing, work at home job, full time job, international job, job online,
health care job, no job picture, teaching job, job opportunity, construction
job, foot job, engineering job, job search engine, florida job, free no job
movie, nursing job, job site, job opening, job at home, hotel job, medical job,
summer job, job interview, teen job, marketing job, aviation job, accounting
job, usa job, hrdc job bank, job for teen, trucking job, job fair, no job
movie, internet job, job salary, federal government job, telecommunication job,
no job gallery, texas job, job bank canada, at home job, legal job, find a job,
home job, teen no job, retail job, work from home job, free no job video, sale
job, environmental job, job corps, job in canada, human resource job, entry
level job, colorado job, michigan job, insurance job, truck driving job,
entertainment job, canada job, administrative job, job finder, state job, new
york job, job search site, job application, police job, hospital job, ohio job,
arizona job, security job, black no job, job canada, work money job by region,
real estate job, wisconsin job, no job mpeg, gay no job, alaska job, job uk,
job interview question, canada job bank, , make money, make money online, make
money at home, make money on the internet, make money fast, make money from
home, ways to make money, make money on the web, make money for building a web
site, make easy money, make money on the net, make extra money, make money on
ebay, make money now, make money on internet, easy ways to make money, make
money quick, make more money, make money surfing, make money easy, make money
surfing the web, make quick money, ways to make money online, make counterfeit
money, make money with your computer, make fake money, make lots of money, ways
for kid to make money, make free money, make money easy online, make easy money
online, ways to make money fast, easy way to make money, ways to make money on
the internet, make money free, work at home make money, make money without
money, make money with computer, make money with your web site, make money for
free, make money working at home, make money surfing the net, make money fast
and easy, make money from web site, make money on net, business idea to make
money now, quick ways to make money, make money with my computer, make money on
the computer, make money on emailing program, make money quickly, work make
money, make money web site, make money on web, ways to make money at home, make
money stuffing envelope, make money with web site, make money over the
internet, make money from the internet, make money for being online, make money
online free, will make you more money, make money in real estate, make money
surfing the internet, make extra money at home, make money off the internet,
make money working from home, how make money, business opportunity make money
at home, make money with my web site, how can kid make money, how kid can make
money, save and make money, make some money, teen make money, photography how
to make money, product profits make money, make money from your web site, make
money fast easy, make counterfit money, make a lot of money, to make money,
make money using the internet, money make, make free money online, make money
online today, would you like to make money online, make money with a web site,
ways to make money on the web, ways kid can make money, ways to make fast
money, ways to make extra money, make money reading e mail, make money online
uk, join free make money online, free ways to make money, best way to make
money with your site, make money while surfing, make money online for free,
make money while online, marketing, internet marketing marketing internet
advertising, internet marketing, free traffic hit marketing mlm business,
marketing plan, network marketing, web marketing, email marketing, web site
marketing, marketing online, marketing job, direct marketing, marketing
strategy, search engine marketing, marketing consulting, multi level marketing,
marketing research, opt in email marketing, direct marketing association,
marketing communication, marketing software, marketing services, internet
marketing strategy, marketing preference, sports marketing, sample marketing
plan, marketing idea, event marketing, database marketing, affiliate marketing,
marketing mix, sale and marketing, viral marketing, real estate marketing, small
business marketing, international marketing, american marketing association,
target marketing, multilevel marketing, product marketing, e marketing, global
marketing, relationship marketing, marketing tip, business marketing, marketing
article, direct mail marketing, marketing tool, strategic marketing, business
to business marketing, marketing concept, marketing magazine, internet
marketing service, marketing list, marketing career, marketing company, keyword
marketing, affiliate program marketing, marketing and advertising, marketing
promotion, marketing management, bulk email marketing, internet marketing
consultant, marketing agency, marketing planning, marketing product, job
marketing, internet marketing solution, brand marketing, network marketing opportunity,
journal of marketing, one to one marketing, internet marketing company, social
marketing, internet marketing online, plan de marketing, guerilla marketing,
hotel marketing, marketing resource, marketing news, marketing information,
integrated marketing communication, vector marketing, direct marketing list,
direct email marketing, marketing journal, network marketing company, retail
marketing, interactive marketing, marketing survey, marketing service,
permission marketing, insurance marketing, marketing letter, sale marketing,
targeted marketing, internet marketing for online business, marketing
association, world marketing alliance, integrated marketing, money, work money
job, free money, make money, online money, save money huge discount, work money,
unclaimed money, work money investing, cash money record, cash money, making
money, money exchange, lost money, make money online, money conversion, found
money, work money company, money magazine, lotto affiliate money mlm, work
money stock, microsoft money, money management, money market, money clip, money
exchange rate, money converter, make money at home, picture of money, money
order, work money job by region, cash money records.com, smart money, earn
money, money laundering, make money on the internet, money for college, money
tree, make money fast, work money guide directory, save money, cash money
millionaire, easy money, win money, paper money, saving money, government
money, money manager, money market account, msn money, missing money, money
central, work money job boards, money picture, work money stock quote, free
government money, money transfer, work money personal finance, work money
occupation, money making idea, money market rate, work money business, make
money from home, fast money, euro money, grant money, money making opportunity,
money loan, money market funds, free college money, work money for student,
money gram, money maker, ways to make money, earn money online, need money,
money 2002, free grant money, free money online, no money down, msn money
central, history of money, work money industry, ms money, make money on the
web, free money grant, free money to change your life, earn your money, making
money online, make money for building a web site, work money profession, international
money order, money to produce barrel of oil, foreign money exchange rate,
counterfeit money, making money on the internet, the money store, work money
salary benefit, work money getting started, canadian money, work at home, work
money job, work from home, work at home work fom home, bath and body work, bath
body work, work, work at home job, work money, work home business, work at home
work fom home mlm, work money investing, art work, how stuff work, social work,
microsoft work, work cited, work money company, work money stock, michigan
work, work from home job, how things work, work boot, work money job by region,
work at home opportunity, missouri work, bath body work store, smokey mountain
knife work, job work at home job find job search work home job job listing,
work money guide directory, bath and body work store, volunteer work, work
bench, norton system work, bead work, claris work, work abroad, free work at
home job, work money job boards, social work job, work money stock quote,
fantasy art work, team work, home work, work at home business, work money
personal finance, work money occupation, work money business, business work,
work cited page, smoky mountain knife work, work clothes, computer work at
home, man at work, game work, work online, mla work cited, dixie gun work, work
out, solid work, fire work, moms work at home, how it work, work permit,
bathbody work, body work, work visa, work money for student, work at home moms,
computer work, cartoon net work, free work at home job listing, social work
journal, home work help, free work at home, work from home opportunity, norton
system work 2002, freelance work, work at home employment, work money industry,
antique art work, texas work force, iron work, ms work, logo art work, work
gloves, venture work, work money profession, hostile work environment, work
clothing, work at home mom, work ethics, work money salary benefit, work money
getting started, how does it work, cambridge sound work, wolverine work boot,
wood work, work money placement firm, toy work, greenhouse, greenhouse effect,
the greenhouse effect, greenhouse gas, greenhouse kit, greenhouse supply,
greenhouse plan, greenhouse irrigation system, greenhouse affect, greenhouse
effect picture, greenhouse heater, hobby greenhouse, commercial greenhouse,
greenhouse construction, build a greenhouse, greenhouse effects, large
greenhouse, greenhouse spa, greenhouse design, greenhouse window, greenhouse
gasses, portable greenhouse, indoor greenhouse, greenhouse equipment, mini
greenhouse, the greenhouse, greenhouse effect diagram, greenhouse gardening,
building a greenhouse, greenhouse plant, building greenhouse, greenhouse
plastic, greenhouse gas emissions, build greenhouse, the greenhouse spa, solar
greenhouse, greenhouse manufacturer, greenhouse for sale, free greenhouse plan,
window greenhouse, greenhouse picture, the greenhouse affect, greenhouse
heating, information on the greenhouse effect, greenhouse supplier, kate
greenhouse, greenhouse glazing, greenhouse building, miniature greenhouse,
small greenhouse, pvc greenhouse, hydroponics greenhouse, greenhouse business,
build your own greenhouse, greenhouse material, four season greenhouse, used
greenhouse, greenhouse structure, home greenhouse, solar prism greenhouse,
picture of greenhouse effect, greenhouse management, greenhouse growing, logees
greenhouse, greenhouse efect, greenhouse day spa, pvc greenhouse plan,
greenhouse plan pvc, picture of the greenhouse effect, greenhouse fan, picture
of greenhouse, greenhouse bench, cause of the greenhouse effect, charlies
greenhouse, picture on the greenhouse effect, greenhouse research, do it
yourself greenhouse, greenhouse control system, greenhouse pest, wholesale
greenhouse supply, greenhouse accessory, greenhouse uk, hobby greenhouse kit,
backyard greenhouse, environment greenhouse effect, greenhouse cover,
greenhouse panel, juliana greenhouse, greenhouse flower, greenhouse seed, silk
greenhouse, greenhouse plan free, robinsons greenhouse, greenhouse production,
eden greenhouse, green gable house, house on the rock spring green wisconsin,
the greenhouse effect picture, homemade greenhouse, greenhouse automation,
green house, green house effect, the green house effect, green house gas, green
house kit, green house supply, green house plan, green house irrigation system,
green house affect, green house effect picture, green house heater, hobby green
house, commercial green house, green house construction, build a green house,
green house effects, large green house, green house spa, green house design,
green house window, green house gasses, portable green house, indoor green
house, green house equipment, mini green house, the green house, green house
effect diagram, green house gardening, building a green house, green house
plant, building green house, green house plastic, green house gas emissions,
build green house, the green house spa, solar green house, green house
manufacturer, green house for sale, free green house plan, window green house,
green house picture, the green house affect, green house heating, information
on the green house effect, green house supplier, kate green house, green house
glazing, green house building, miniature green house, small green house, pvc
green house, hydroponics green house, green house business, build your own green
house, green house material, four season green house, used green house, green
house structure, home green house, solar prism green house, picture of green
house effect, green house management, green house growing, logees green house,
green house efect, green house day spa, pvc green house plan, green house plan
pvc, picture of the green house effect, green house fan, picture of green
house, green house bench, cause of the green house effect, charlies green
house, picture on the green house effect, green house research, do it yourself
green house, green house control system, green house pest, wholesale green
house supply, green house accessory, green house uk, hobby green house kit,
backyard green house, environment green house effect, green house cover, green
house panel, juliana green house, green house flower, green house seed, silk
green house, green house plan free, robinsons green house, green house
production, eden green house, green gable house, house on the rock spring green
wisconsin, the green house effect picture, homemade green house, green house
automation, landscape, landscape design, landscape wallpaper, landscape
lighting, landscape picture, landscape architecture, landscape architect,
landscape painting, landscape photo, landscape idea, landscape software,
landscape photography, winter landscape, landscape design software, picture of
landscape, landscape pic, landscape design idea, landscape plan, loopy
landscape, garden landscape, landscape art, landscape supply, landscape
designer, landscape light, landscape photograph, landscape artist, landscape
trailer, roller coaster tycoon loopy landscape cheat, landscape equipment,
mshflexgrid1 printing landscape, roller coaster tycoon loopy landscape, desert
landscape, free landscape design, landscape screen saver, landscape image,
landscape contractor, 3d landscape, loopy landscape trainer, snow landscape,
landscape rock, wallpaper landscape, landscape ecology, landscape painting made
easy, landscape stone, fantasy landscape, american society of landscape
architect, watercolor landscape, landscape gardening, chinese landscape
painting, landscape tree, landscape drawing, christmas landscape, landscape
photographer, beautiful landscape, landscape company, pool landscape, landscape
maintenance, landscape edging, landscape painter, front yard landscape,
landscape job, chinese landscape, snowy landscape, landscape planning,
landscape timber, picture of landscape design, free landscape software,
photography landscape, luminous landscape, digital landscape, florida
landscape, outdoor landscape lighting, arizona landscape, landscape
architecture magazine, landscape rake, tropical landscape, js landscape,
picture landscape, japanese landscape, loopy landscape cheat, painting
landscape, landscape and island computer wallpaper, landscape waterfall, texas
landscape, free landscape photo, landscape clipart, landscape construction,
photo landscape, backyard landscape, urban landscape, landscape drainage, free
landscape wallpaper, oregon landscape, american landscape, mountain landscape,
landscape management, malibu landscape lighting, home landscape, landscape
ontario, landscape curb machine, nursery rhyme, nursery, baby nursery, plant
nursery, tree nursery, frank nursery, nursery bedding, spring hill
nursery, nursery furniture, nursery theme, frank nursery and craft, child
nursery rhyme, mother goose nursery rhyme, nursery rymes, nursery decor, pike
nursery, web nursery, nursery school, wholesale nursery, nursery supply, baby
nursery theme, nursery decorating, stark brother nursery, fruit tree nursery,
nursery decoration, frank nursery craft, garden nursery, nursery plant, origin
of nursery rhyme, nursery song, nursery idea, history of nursery rhyme,
monrovia nursery, online nursery, tree planting christmas tree farm nursery,
nursery rhyme picture, bamboo nursery, decorating nursery, nursery wallpaper,
hines nursery, nursery tree, baby nursery idea, nursery rhyms, baby nursery
decorating idea, pike nursery plant, mail order nursery, california nursery,
armstrong nursery, growing family web nursery, bonsai nursery, florida nursery,
baby nursery furniture, nursery stock, nursery catalog, nursery pager, baby
nursery decoration, miller nursery, baby nursery bedding, nursery paging
system, native plant nursery, decorating baby nursery, nursery nurse, nursery
picture, stark nursery, orchid nursery, nursery design, nursery crib, nursery
accessory, church nursery furniture, nursery decorating idea, flower nursery,
apple tree nursery, white rose nursery, raintree nursery, wholesale plant
nursery, baby nursery decorating, nursery product, nursery rhyme lyric, nursery
rhyme activity, nursery container, nursery rhyme history, decorating a nursery,
calf nursery, quality nursery furniture, louisiana nursery, tea nursery,
nursery photo, evergreen nursery, oregon nursery, platycerium fern nursery,
school nursery furniture, tree nursery in alberta, nursery rhyme song, pecan
tree nursery, gurneys nursery, nursery rooms, nursery rhymns, nursery rhyme
origin, cornelius nursery, wholesale nursery supply, garden, home and garden,
better home and garden, madison square garden, olive garden, garden supply,
savage garden, home garden, busch garden, garden ridge, longwood garden, water
garden, garden design, callaway garden, garden tool, bush garden, zen garden,
japanese garden, garden furniture, flower garden, garden tractor, botanical
garden, garden shed, calloway garden, hanging garden of babylon, secret garden,
olive garden restaurant, better home and garden magazine, savage garden lyric,
garden flower, hanging garden, olive garden recipe, garden fountain, garden
statue, home and garden tv, rose garden, garden of eden, the secret garden,
garden pond, garden botanika, rebeccas garden, garden accessory, garden
catalog, better home and garden recipe, garden state plaza, garden plant,
meteor garden, cypress garden, hilton garden inn, jersey garden, garden
ornament, vegetable garden, jersey garden mall, busch garden tampa, lawn and
garden, garden ridge pottery, house and garden, garden decor, garden center,
home and garden party, garden gnome, herb garden, garden flag, rock garden,
garden art, garden bench, ashlawn garden of memorys, beazer garden, garden
city, better home and garden cook book, garden of the god, garden state
parkway, moody garden, garden plan, home and garden television, victory garden,
garden state plaza mall, english garden, the hanging garden of babylon, garden
botanica, garden seed, garden decoration, garden cart, garden pest, better home
garden magazine, garden statuary, winter garden theater, new york botanical
garden, garden sculpture, garden gift, garden hose, covent garden, the olive
garden, garden arbor, garden city hotel, garden gate, forward garden, operation
market garden, botanic garden, garden window, plants grown by eades greenhouse
&amp; nursery</title> <meta name=description content="for
sale by owner: central illinois retail greenhouse business. 9300 sq. ft. under
roof including retail store situated on large lot in the center of town fully equipped, turn key operation with excellent growth
potential and room for expansion priced for swift
private sale by retiring owner at only $85,000 plus inventory "> <meta name=keywords content="central illinois, retail
greenhouse, garden center, greenhouse, nursery landscape, plants, trees,
shrubs, opportunity, grower, manager, gardener, eades, monticello illinois,
monticello il, robert allerton park, university of illinois, piatt county,
decatur illinois decatur il monticello il champaign il, champaign illinois 1 lease purchase rent-to-own, 2 rent
to own, 3 rent, 4 lease, 5 real estate, 6 lease option, 7 lease purchase, 8 lease options,
9 rentto own, 10 lease to
own, 11 home, 12 own, 13 lease with option to buy, 14 rent
with option to buy, 15 rental,, rent to own 2667 2822,
rent to own homes 474 502, rent to own furniture 406 430, aarons rent to own
200 212, rent to own computers 141 149, rent to own houses 136 144, rent to own
stores 122 129, aarons rent to own furniture 98 104, rent to own center 69 73,
rent to own furniture stores 69 73, rent to own property 43 46, rent to own
homes in ohio 39 41, rent to own real estate 30 32, rent to own contracts 25
26, aaron rent to own,,, real estate 17799 18836, real estate listings 6103
6459, florida real estate 2479 2623, prudential real estate 1808 1913, maine
real estate 1375 1455, commercial real estate 1360 1439, real estate investing
1317 1394, coldwell banker real estate 1223 1294, michigan real estate 1137
1203, las vegas real estate 1112 1177, real estate sales 1077 1140, century 21
real estate 1022 1082, colorado real estate 950 1005, real estate forms 924
978, hawaii real estate,, lease option 181 192, lease options 69 73, lease with
option to buy homes 53 56, lease option form 48 51, lease purchase option 43
46, lease with option to buy 36 38, lease option contract 30 32, lease to buy
option 22 23, lease purchase options for homes 21 22, lease option homes 20 21,
lease option to buy contract 20 21, lease with option 20 21, lease with option
to purchase 20 21, lease option to buy 19 20, lease purchase option form,,
lease purchase 200 212, lease purchase agreement 86 91, lease purchase homes 69
73, homes in atlanta lease purchase 58 61, lease purchase agreements 51 54,
lease purchase option 43 46, lease purchase contract 41 43, sample lease
purchase contract 40 42, lease purchase forms 34 36, lease to purchase
contracts 33 35, lease purchase car 30 32, lease vs purchase 29 31, lease to
purchase residental agreements 28 30, free lease purchase forms 26 28, lease to
purchase,,, lease options 69 73, lease purchase options for homes 21 22,
automobile lease end options 7 7, free lease options forms 7 7, options for
getting out of a car lease 7 7, mortgage lease options 5 5, chevrolet lease
options 4 4, housing lease options 4 4, information on lease options 4 4, lease
options to buy a house 4 4, lease options vegas 4 4, lease purchase options 4
4, lexus lease options 4 4, car lease options 3 3, free real estate lease
options forms,, lease to own 114 121, lease to own homes 66 70, lease to own
agreements 34 36, lease to own house 23 24, free lease to own agreement 15 16,
lease to own home 15 16, lease to own computers 14 15, lease agreement's for
rent to own 13 14, lease to own condos 13 14, lease to own contract 12 13,
lease to own indiana 12 13, lease to own property 12 13, lease to own houses 11
12, lease a house to own 10 11, lease to own homes florida,, ease with option
to buy homes 53 56, lease with option to buy 36 38, lease with option to buy
contracts 11 12, lease with option to buy real estate 6 6, example lease with
option to buy forms 5 5, houses to lease with option to buy 5 5, forms and free
and lease with option to buy 4 4, lease with option to buy miami 4 4, homes for
sale lease with option to buy 3 3, lease with option to buy in orlando florida
3 3, lease with the option to buy 3 3, real estate lease with option to buy,,,
rent with option to buy 65 69, delaware rent with option to buy 29 31, rent
with option to buy contracts 29 31, rent a house with option to buy 20 21, rent
with the option to buy 11 12, rent home with option to buy 6 6, florida real
estate rent with option to buy 5 5, for rent with option to buy 5 5, homes for
rent with option to buy in nc 4 4, homes for rent with option to buy in nj 4 4,
rent homes with option to buy florida 4 4, rent with option to buy agreement 4
4, rent with option to buy home 4 4, house rent with an option to buy
pittsburgh 3 3, house to rent with option in zephyrhillsto buy, lease purchase,
lease option, rent to own, real estate investing, lease to purchase,
lease2purchase, lease to own, lease to purchase, lease with option, lease with
option to buy, option to buy, option to purchase, rent with option to buy,
lease option to buy, lease option to purchase, lease option course, real estate
investing help, real estate investing advice, lease purchase contract, lease
purchase agreement, lease option contract, lease option agreement, contracts,
land contract house, land contract agreement, free land contracts, contract
land morgages, land contracts michigan, land installment contract, buying a
house on land contract, land contract forfeiture, land contract information,
lease to purchase contracts, lease purchase homes, lease purchase option, homes
in atlanta lease purchase, lease purchase forms, real estate in mumbai, car
purchase lease, lease / purchase homes, atlanta lease purchase, starting finance
company, lease to buy option, houses to lease with option to buy, lease with
option to buy homes, lease to own in california, lease with an option to buy,
john t reed, lease with option to buy contracts, houses lease option, lease
buy, rent to own homes, agreements, lease purchase agreements, lease-purchase,
typical lease purchase agreement, real estate lease purchase form, lease
purchase option real estate, contracts lease purchase option, rent to own
computers, rent to own furniture, rent to own automobiles, rent to own stores,
aarons rent to own, rent to own center, aaron rent to own, rent a center,
national rent to own, rent to own appliances, rent option to buy, real estate
trust, renting a home with options to buy, rent with the option to buy, rent a
house with option to buy, rent with option to buy contracts, cash flow real
estate, option to buy, lease to own house, rent 2 own tv stereos, washer dryer
rental, rent washer dryer, appliance rental centers, rentacenter, furniture
rental, rental centers, rent a center companies, appliance rentals, 16160, own
rent, 3711, home own rent, 2573, furniture own rent, 1764, house own rent,
1384, aarons own rent, 1273, computer own rent, 607, own rent store, 426,
estate own real rent, 406, contract own rent, 367, appliance own rent, 358,
laptop own rent, 291, national own rent, 274, center own rent, 246, agreement
own rent, 239, own rent rim, 235, car own rent, 219, aarons furniture own rent,
215, own rent software, 206, 2 own rent, 204, 2 home own rent, 195, own
property rent, 188, furniture own rent store, 180, housing own rent, 158, own
properties rent, 155, canada own rent, 150, electronic own rent, 137, aaron own
rent, 135, arrons own rent, 120, form own rent, 119, own rent wheels, 103,
florida own rent, 102, florida home own rent, 101, computer laptop own rent,
100, home in maryland own rent, 94, home in ohio own rent, 88, own rent vs, 86,
ace own rent, 82, diego own rent san, 81, company own rent, 80, canyon own
rent, 78, lease own rent, 77, own rent texas, 75, apartment own rent, 74, own
rent toronto, 70, auto own rent, 68, florida home in own rent, 66, calgary own
rent, 64, california own rent, 62, any home own rent, 60, home in michigan own
rent, 57, own program rent, 56, own rent vs., 55, california home in own rent,
54, maryland own rent, 53, home in own rent virginia, 52, home in ontario own
rent, 50, own rent television, 49, austin own rent, 48, florida in own rent,
47, georgia own rent, 45, colortyme own rent, 43, own rent tv, 41, own rent
tvs, 40, home illinois own rent, 39, in ontario own rent, 37, home in jersey
new own rent, 36, california home own rent, 35, 2 own rent stereo tv, 34, condo
new own rent york, 33, arizona home own rent, 32, ohio own rent, 31, atlanta
home own rent, 30, action own rent, 29, arons own rent, 28, computer notebook
own rent, 27, own rent sarasota, 26, home own rent texas, 25, fl home in
jacksonville own rent, 3929 lease purchase, 909 agreement lease purchase, 852
home lease purchase, 500 lease option purchase, 458 contract lease purchase,
284 estate lease purchase real, 227 form lease purchase, 143 agreement free
lease purchase, 122 agreement free lease purchase residential, 121 lease
purchase vs, 119 agreement form lease purchase, 114 car lease purchase, 111
lease program purchase, 103 atlanta home in lease purchase, 102 form free lease
purchase, 101 home lease option purchase, 100 lease purchase trucking, 98 atlanta
lease purchase, 90 form lease option purchase, 83 lease purchase truck, 67 auto
lease purchase vs, 66 estate lease option purchase real, 65 atlanta home lease
purchase, 57 georgia home in lease purchase, 48 lease mortgage purchase, 45
georgia home lease purchase, 44 analysis lease purchase versus, 42 agreement
estate lease purchase real, 41 contract lease purchase sample, 40 lease
purchase vs., 35 agreement lease purchase residential, 34 contract free lease
purchase, 33 city kansas lease properties purchase, 30 car end lease purchase,
29 auto lease purchase, 28 freddie lease mac plus purchase, 25 lease mini off
purchase van, 3929 lease purchase, 909 agreement lease purchase, 852 home lease
purchase, 500 lease option purchase, 458 contract lease purchase, 284 estate
lease purchase real, 227 form lease purchase, 143 agreement free lease
purchase, 122 agreement free lease purchase residential, 121 lease purchase vs,
119 agreement form lease purchase, 114 car lease purchase, 111 lease program
purchase, 103 atlanta home in lease purchase, 102 form free lease purchase, 101
home lease option purchase, 100 lease purchase trucking, 98 atlanta lease
purchase, 90 form lease option purchase, 83 lease purchase truck, 67 auto lease
purchase vs, 66 estate lease option purchase real, 65 atlanta home lease
purchase, 57 georgia home in lease purchase, 48 lease mortgage purchase, 45
georgia home lease purchase, 44 analysis lease purchase versus, 42 agreement
estate lease purchase real, 41 contract lease purchase sample, 40 lease
purchase vs., 35 agreement lease purchase residential, 34 contract free lease
purchase, 33 city kansas lease properties purchase, 30 car end lease purchase,
29 auto lease purchase, 28 freddie lease mac plus purchase, 25 lease mini off
purchase van, 2390 lease option, 1253 buy lease option, 565 form lease option,
557 buy home lease option, 500 lease option purchase, 471 estate lease option
real, 324 home lease option, 266 agreement lease option, 217 contract lease
option, 106 house lease option, 101 home lease option purchase, 94 buy contract
lease option, 91 buy house lease option, 90 form lease option purchase, 73
agreement buy housing lease option purchase, 70 form free lease option, 66
estate lease option purchase real, 59 buy form lease option, 56 agreement buy
lease option, 49 county florida lease option polk, 42 agreement lease option
purchase, 40 lease option own, 37 car lease option, 35 las lease option vegas,
34 buy form free lease option, 32 florida home lease option, 31 lease option
strategy, 30 lease option purchase residential, 27 buy estate lease option
real, 25 arizona lease option, 2390 lease option, 1253 buy lease option, 730
buy option rent, 565 form lease option, 557 buy home lease option, 500 lease
option purchase, 471 estate lease option real, 324 home lease option, 266
agreement lease option, 251 buy home option rent, 217 contract lease option,
166 buy house option rent, 106 house lease option, 101 home lease option
purchase, 94 buy contract lease option, 91 buy house lease option, 90 form
lease option purchase, 73 agreement buy housing lease option purchase, 70 form
free lease option, 67 option rent, 66 estate lease option purchase real, 59 buy
form lease option, 56 agreement buy lease option, 49 county florida lease
option polk, 42 agreement lease option purchase, 40 lease option own, 37 buy
contract option rent, 37 car lease option, 35 las lease option vegas, 34 buy
form free lease option, 32 florida home lease option, 31 lease option strategy,
30 lease option purchase residential, 29 option own rent, 27 buy estate lease
option real, 25 arizona lease option, 9992 contract land, 3093 contract house
land, 2046 contract form land, 601 contract estate land real, 451 contract land
michigan, 443 contract form free land, 410 contract land sale, 376 agreement
contract land, 239 contract home land, 226 buying contract house land, 224
contract installment land, 215 contract land ohio, 174 contract information
land, 171 contract land purchase, 159 contract home land sale, 153 contract
free land, 131 buyer contract land, 116 contract land wisconsin, 103 contract
land mortgage, 86 buying contract land, 84 contract land sell, 79 contract land
sample, 69 contract in land michigan, 64 agreement contract form land, 60
agreement contract free land, 59 contract land law, 58 contract contract deed
land, 55 calculator contract land, 53 buying contract home land, 52 contract
form land michigan, 48 contract land template, 44 buy contract land, 43
contract form free installment land, 41 contract land selling, 40 contract form
land sale, 38 contract home in land michigan sale, 37 contract document land,
35 contract home in land michigan, 33 agreement contract land michigan, 31
contract form land legal, 30 contract land vacant, 29 contract land refinance,
28 contract house land sale, 26 contract home land michigan sale, 25 contract
land staff, perennial inventory ("*" = were new items for 1994) 1996
1995 1997 > = sold ave of 16+/yr & continue to grow in future ed + =
need to try new stock & continue 1 more year grow talks says top 5 are:
hosta day lilies * athyrium filix-femina (lady crested fern) 24-36"
coreopsis veronia christata (lady fern) astilbe * dryopperis polydactla (many
finger male fern) phlox pot tag says wood fern (added only because they wer
free) * dryopperis undalata robusta (male fern) (booked only because other
ferns were n/a) * matteuccia struthiopteris (ostrich fern) 36" * osmunda
cinnamomea (cinnamon fern) 36" * polystichum acrostichoides (christmas
fern) 12-24" * aegopodium podagraria (snow on the mountian) variegatum
6-8" * ceratostigma plumbaganoides (plumbago or leadwort) (sub - chris
said must have item "real nice ground cover") convailaria c majalis
(lily-of-the-valley) (grn cvr) white - majalis hosta (plantain lilly or funkia)
fortunei aureo marginata 12-24" fortunei hyacinthina 12-24"
plantaginea royal standard 12-24" undalata albo marginata 12-24" gold
standard (sub) * houttuynia cordata (korean houttuynia - ground cover)
houttuynia c chameleon * ligularia dentata dark leaf (ragwort, senecio) free
sample chris ordered nursery sign says: "przewalskii" * hedera helix
(english ivy) thorndale 8" * parthenocissus tricuspidata (boston ivy)
robusta 6-8" (climbing to 60' high) * primula p veris (primrose)
(ponyanthus) pacific giant mix 6-10" juniper blue rug ajuga (bugleweed)
bronze reptians 6-8" silver queen 6-8" burgundy glow (sub for silver
queen) * euonymus fortunei (winter creeper) colorata (sub ? for coloratus
24" will climb) nursery sigh says: "variegata" pachysandra terminals
(japanese surge) green carpet 8-12" std terminalis (sub for green carpet
8-12") * vinca minor (periwinkle or trailing myrtle) traditional 6-8"
achillea a filipendulina (yarrow) cloth of gold (yellow) 24-36" alcea a
rosea (hollyhocks) chaters double mix 6-8' rosea mix (sub for: chaters double
mix 6-8') aquilegia a x hybrida (columbine) mckana giants mix 30" nora
barlow 24-30" dragonfly mixed (sub for biedermerier mix) 10-12" *
asclepias a tuberosia (butterfly weed) orange 24" * aster a alpinus
(michaelmas daisy) alpinus mix 12" wartberg star (soft purple) (sub for
alpinus mix 12") 12" * astilbe a x arendsii (false spirea) cattleya
(pink) (sub for mix 30") * campanula c carpatica (bellflower) clips blue
8" carpatica blue (sub for: clips blue 8") telham beauty persicifolia
(sub for clips blue 8") * campanula c glomerata (clustered bellflower)
superba 20-24" * campsis radicans (trumpet vine) orange chrysanthemum c
coccineum (pyrethrum or painted daisy) robinson mix 24-28" chrysanthemum c
maximum (shasta daisy) marconi 28" alaska (c superbum) (sub for white
knight 18-24") clematis dr ruppel (bicolor) general sikorsky (blue)
comtesse de bouchard (pink) jackmanii (purple) ernest markham (red) duchess of
edinburgh (double white) coreopsis c grandiflora (tickseed or pot of gold) early
sunrise 18" coreopsis c verticillata (tickseed or pot of gold) moonbeam *
cortaderia selloana (pampas grass) white 8-12' came in "majalis"
delphinium d x elatum (perennial larkspur) magic fountains 24-30" pacific
giant blue bird 60" pacific giant black night 60" (variety sign says:
"round table") pacific giant guinevere 60" magic sky blue (sub)
regal mix (from seed) dianthus d barbatus (sweet william) double dwarf mix
10" migit mix (sub for double dwarf mix 10") single mix (from seed)
dianthus d caryophyllus (carnation) grenadin cardinal (sub for grenadin mix
20") dicentra d eximia (bleeding heart) luxurient 12-15" exima (sub
for luxurient) 12-15" dicentra d spectabilis (old fasioned bleeding heart)
old fasioned spicata 30" digitalis d purpurea (foxglove) foxy (sub for
excelsior mix 60") variety sign says: "giant shirly" * echinacea
e purpurea (purple cone flower) bright star 30-36" magnus (sub for bright
star 30-36") * erianthus ravennae (plume grass) gaillardia g x grandiflora
(blanket flower) goblin 12" (variety sign says: "baby cole")
gypsophila g paniculata (babys breath) perfecta - double snowflake (sub for
paniculata double snowflake)) labled only paniculata labled only "baby's
breath" (field dug) variety sign says: "bristol fairy" labled
only "single" (from seed ?) * heliopsis h helianthoides (yellow
daisy) summer sun 24-36" * hemerocallis (day lilly) 24-36" pink -
damask red - hyb sammy russel yellow - hyperion (soft yellow) stella de' ora
24-36" gentle shepherd (white) (sub) bama music (pink ??* lily star gazer heuchera h americana
(coral bells) purple palace 18-24" (variety sign says: h micrantha)
splendens 18" red (h sanguinea) bressingham hybrids (sub for purple palace
18-24") hibiscus h x hybrida (rose mallow) southern belle mix 60"
honeysuckle vine from home * iberis i semprvirens (hardy candytuft) alexander's
white (sub for snowflake 8-12") snow white 8" (sub for snowflake
8-12") * iris i germanica music maker (sub ? for german bearded) *
kniphofia tritoma k uvaria (red hot poker) early hybrids 30" pfitzer's
hybrids (sub for early hybrids 30") liatris l spicata (blazing star or
gayfeather) violet blue (sub for floristan violet 36") * limonium l
latifolium (statice or sea lavender) latifolia - lavender-blue 24-30" (sub
for latifolium) lupine l polyphyllus (lupinus) gallery red 20" (nursery
sign says: "russle hybrids") * lythrum l salicaria (purple
loosestrife) mordens gleam 36" mordens pink 36" (sub for mordens
gleam 36") monarda didyma (bee-balm) garden view scarlet 30" purple
myosotis m sylvatica (forget me not) victoria blue 6-8" royal blue compact
(sub for victoria blue 6-8") * oenothera o missouriensis (evening
primrose) missouriensis 12" (nursery sign says: o tetgagona) * paeonia
(peony) (nursery sign says: p lactiflora) red - karl rosenfield pink - sarah
bernhardt white - festiva maxima papaver p orientale (oriental poppy) allegro
16" * penstemon p barbatus (bearded tongue) praecox nanus rondo mix (sub
for barbatus mix) (nursery sign says: "elfin pink") * phlox p
paniculata (garden phlox) starfire (red) 24-36" phlox subulata (creeping
phlox) emerald blue white delight emerald pink red wing platycodon p
grandiflorous (baloon flower) sentimental blue 4-6" mariesii blue (sub for
sentimental blue 4-6") * potentilla p recta (cinquefoil) fragiformis
(yellow) (sub for yellow warrensii 24") (nursery sign says: p verna nava)
* rudbeckia r fulgida (black-eyed susan) goldsturm 24" * scabiosa s
caucasica (pincushion flower) tall double mix (sub for house hybrid mix
30") john says these turn out to be alaska daisies * sedum s spurium
coccineum (stonecrop) fuldaglut (sub for dragon's blood 3-4") sempervivum
(hen & chicks) 6 25" pot hardy species mix 4-8" bold = potted
fall '96 (given to us) 4" pot hardy species mix 4-8" * veronica v
spicata (speedwell) red - longifolia rosea * artemisia a schmidtiana (worm
wood) (h) silver mound 8" lavendula l agustifolia (lavender) (h) vera (sub
for munstead 12-16") salvia s x superba (flowering sage meadow) (h) blue
queen 12-15" purple rain (sub for blue queen 12-15") * saponaria s
ocymoides (rock soapwort) (h) pink 9" - ocymoides pink - "oxin"
also on tag * thymus citridorus (lemon thyme) (h) * english thyme) (h) chives
(h) oregano (h) peppermint (h) sage (h) spearmint (h) italin parsley (h)
taragon (h) rosemary (h) rose bushes asparagus m washington 2yr * blackberry
(thornless) * blueberry jersey * grapes concord * horseradish * raspberry black
"logan" red "latham" red (we dug) rhubarb canada red 1 -
1-1/2" strawberry june bearing - fiber box everbearing - temptation
4" fiber pots gooseberry rose bushes mr lincoln 1 red shrub rose oklahoma
1 coral salmon kentucky derby 8 yellow proud land 3 pink red masterpiece 6 hot
pink tuxedo 14 red orange-red (3) 4 white tropicana 5 orange mojave pink (7)
first prize miss all american beauty heirloom south seas yellow (7) arlene
francis golden masterpiece kings ransom summer sunshine new day white (4) j f
kennedy lavender streling silver multi color (5) chicago peace snow fire (red
inside white out) floribundas (5) europeana (red) sunsprite (yellow) climers
(11) cl new blaze (red) cl don juan (red) cl joseph's coat (yel/org/crim) cl
royal gold (yellow) wanted varieties (see jackson perkins '94) available holm
nursery '95 available youngs '94 available weeks '95 on weeks cold climate rose
list ordered 1996 ordered 1997 eades greenhouse & nursery post office box
42, monticello, illinois 61856 telephone: 217-762-4846 annual bedding plants
grown ageratum hawaii series blue alyssum easter bonnet mix new carpet of snow
oriental night asparagus fern a sprengeri begonia (fibrous) cocktail gin (rose)
cocktail vodka (red) prelude scarlet prelude white begonia (tuberous) nonstop
apricot nonstop pink nonstop scarlet (red) nonstop yellow bolivian jew
(callisia repens) boston fern (nephrolepis exaltata) bridal veil (givasis
geniculata) browallia blue bells celosia castle series mix chennile (acalytha
pendula) fire tail cockscomb (cristata) jewel box mix coleus wizard mix cosmos
sonata series mix dahlberg daisy golden fleece dahlia figaro mix imp dianthus
parfait raspberry telstar carmine rose telstar crimson telstar mix dracaena
spikes c indivisa dusty miller silver dust flowering cabbage dynasty series mix
flowering kale emperor series mix fuchsia (trailing) dark eyes geranium (seed)
elite cherry elite pink elite salmon elite scarlet maverick star pinto bi-color
geranium (zonal) americana coral fischer blues imp (pink) fischer tango (dark
red) fischer alba (white) fischer schone helena (salmon rose) oglvee aurora
(purple) wilhelm langguth (red variegated) geranium (ivy leaf) rouletta
(bi-color) navette (coral) mimi (hot pink) fischer butterfly (light lavender)
fischer molina (salmon pink) fischer shiva (dark red) guillou vinco (deep pink
w/rose eye) gomphrena buddy series deep purple impatiens (single) accent blush
pink accent burgundy accent carmine accent coral accent cranberry accent
lavender blue accent orange accent red accent red star accent rose imp accent
rose star accent salmon accent scarlet accent violet accent white super elfin
pink swirl impatiens (double) rose bud purple rose bud red rose bud salmon pink
impatiens (new guinea) paradise aruba (deep rosy purple) paradise grenada
(salmon w/eye) paradise lanai (bright red) paradise moorea (white) lantana
(trailing) new gold lisianthus (texas blue bell) blue lisa imp lobelia
(trailing) fountain series mix lobelia (upright) rapid series blue marigold
aurora fire 8-10" aurora gold aurora yellow fire boy orange 8-12" boy
yellow crush pineapple 8-10" espana granada 8-10" espana red marietta
10-12" galore orange 16-18" galore yellow honeycomb 12-14" lemon
drop 8-9" mums yoder bravo (red) yoder debonair (lavender) yoder grenadine
(coral) yoder jessica (yellow) yoder nicole (white) yoder triumph (bronze-gold)
nicotiana merlin series red pansy majestic giant blue shades majestic giant
purple majestic giant red & rose majestic giant yellow majestic giant
white/blotch majestic giant mix majestic giant white/blotch petunia (single
grandaflora) blue skies california girl daddy blue daddy sugar imp hulahoop rose
picotee blue supercascade blue supercascade burgundy supercascade pink
supercascade red supercascade white ultra crimson star petunia (double) double
sonata (white) pirouette purple pirouette rose petunia (milliflora hybrid)
fantasy blue fantasy pink morn fantasy red phlox palona mix portulaca (moss
rose) sundial mix salvia bonfire 20-26" red hot sally 10-12" victoria
blue 18-20" snapdragon floral shower mix 6-8" liberty series mix
18-22" spider plant green variegated sunflower big smile swedish ivy
verbena romance series mix vinca (periwinkle) cooler grape cooler peppermint
pacifica punch pacifica red vinca vine variegated viola (johnny jump up) helen
mount wandering jew zinnia short stuff mix vegetable plants asparagus m
washington 2yr broccoli green comet f1 brussels sprout jade cross "e"
f1 cabbage early flat dutch (ball) op early jersey wakefield (pt) emerald cross
(round) f1 golden acre (round) op red acre (round) op stone head (ball) f1
cantaloupe (muskmelon) burpee hybrid pmr f1 cauliflower snow crown cucumber
burpless no 26 (tasty green) bush pickle eggplant black beauty op onions sweet
spanish yellow walla walla sweet vidalia peppers big bertha hybrid california
wonder golden calwonder sweet banana (sweet hungarian) early jalapeno habanero
(capsicum chinese) hungarian yellow wax (hot bananna) super chili hybrid
pumpkin atlantic giant connecticut field rhubarb canada red squash black
zucchini strawberry june bearing everbearing "quinalt"" sweet
potato centennial- georgia jets- porto rico- tomatoes beefsteak better boy big
boy (burpee) big girl (burpee) champion golden jubilee (burpee) jet star roma
vf rutgers super sweet 100 yellow variegated watermelon charleston grey early
sugar baby herbs annual basil (sweet) parsley (moss curled) perennial chives oregano
peppermint rosemary sage spearmint thyme (english) perennial plants grown (* =
are the new plants we introduced to piatt county in 1994) ferns * athyrium
filix-femina (lady crested fern) 24-36" * matteuccia struthiopteris
(ostrich fern) 36" * osmunda cinnamomea (cinnamon fern) 36" *
polystichum acrostichoides (christmas fern) 12-24" groundcover plants
(shade) * aegopodium podagraria (snow on the mountian) variegatum 6-8"
convailaria c majalis (lily-of-the-valley) white - majalis hosta (plantain
lilly or funkia) fortunei aureo marginata 12-24" fortunei hyacinthina
12-24" plantaginea royal standard 12-24" undalata albo marginata
12-24" * houttuynia cordata (korean houttuynia) houttuynia c chameleon *
ligularia dentata dark leaf (ragwort, senecio) chris ordered nursery sign says:
"przewalskii" * hedera helix (english ivy) thorndale 8" *
parthenocissus tricuspidata (boston ivy) robusta 6-8" (climbing to 60'
high) * primula p veris (primrose)(ponyanthus) pacific giant mix 6-10"
juniper blue rug groundcover plants (sun) ajuga (bugleweed) bronze reptians
6-8" silver queen 6-8" * euonymus fortunei (winter creeper) coloratus
24" (will climb) pachysandra terminals (japanese surge) green carpet
8-12" * vinca minor (periwinkle or trailing myrtle) traditional 6-8"
also see phlox (below) perennials (sun/shade) achillea a filipendulina (yarrow)
cloth of gold (yellow) 24-36" alcea a rosea (hollyhocks) chaters double
mix 6-8' aquilegia a x hybrida (columbine) mckana giants mix 30" nora
barlow 24-30" biedermerier mix 10-12" * asclepias a tuberosia
(butterfly weed) orange 24" * aster a alpinus (michaelmas daisy) alpinus
mix 12" alpinus mix 12" * astilbe a x arendsii (false spirea) mix
30" * campanula c carpatica (bellflower) clips blue 8" * campanula c
glomerata (clustered bellflower) superba 20-24" * campsis radicans
(trumpet vine) orange chrysanthemum c coccineum (pyrethrum or painted daisy)
robinson mix 24-28" chrysanthemum c maximum (shasta daisy) marconi
28" white knight 18-24" clematis dr ruppel (bicolor) general sikorsky
(blue) comtesse de bouchard (pink) jackmanii (purple) ernest markham (red)
duchess of edinburgh (double white) coreopsis c grandiflora (tickseed or pot of
gold) early sunrise 18" coreopsis c verticillata (tickseed or pot of gold)
moonbeam * cortaderia selloana (pampas grass) discontinued – will not survive
our winter - see erianthus(plume grass) delphinium d x elatum (perennial
larkspur) magic fountains 24-30" pacific giant blue bird 60" pacific
giant black night 60" pacific giant guinevere 60" dianthus d barbatus
(sweet william) double dwarf mix 10" dianthus d caryophyllus (carnation)
grenadin mix 20" dicentra d eximia (bleeding heart) luxurient 12-15"
dicentra d spectabilis (old fasioned bleeding heart) old fasioned spicata
30" digitalis d purpurea (foxglove) excelsior mix 60" * echinacea e
purpurea (purple cone flower) bright star 30-36" * erianthus ravennae
(plume grass) gaillardia g x grandiflora (blanket flower) goblin 12"
gypsophila g paniculata (babys breath) paniculata double snowflake * heliopsis
h helianthoides (yellow daisy) summer sun 24-36" * hemerocallis (day
lilly) 24-36" pink - damask red - hyb sammy russel yellow - hyperion (soft
yellow) stella de' ora 24-36" * lily star gazer heuchera h americana
(coral bells) purple palace 18-24" splendens 18" (red) (h sanguinea)
hibiscus h x hybrida (rose mallow) southern belle mix 60" honeysuckle vine
field dug * iberis i semprvirens (hardy candytuft) snowflake 8-12" * iris
i germanica music maker (german bearded) * kniphofia tritoma k uvaria (red hot
poker) early hybrids 30" liatris l spicata (blazing star or gayfeather)
floristan violet 36" * limonium l latifolium (statice or sea lavender)
latifolia - lavender-blue 24-30" lupine l polyphyllus (lupinus) gallery
red 20" * lythrum l salicaria (purple loosestrife) mordens gleam 36"
monarda didyma (bee-balm) garden view scarlet 30" purple myosotis m
sylvatica (forget me not) victoria blue 6-8" * oenothera o missouriensis
(evening primrose) missouriensis 12" * paeonia (peony) (nursery sign says:
p lactiflora) red - karl rosenfield pink - sarah bernhardt white - festiva
maxima papaver p orientale (oriental poppy) allegro 16" * penstemon p
barbatus (bearded tongue) barbatus mix * phlox p paniculata (garden phlox)
starfire (red) 24-36" phlox subulata (creeping phlox) (ground cover)
emerald blue white delight emerald pink red wing platycodon p grandiflorous
(baloon flower) sentimental blue 4-6" * potentilla p recta (cinquefoil)
yellow warrensii 24" * rudbeckia r fulgida (black-eyed susan) goldsturm 24"
* scabiosa s caucasica (pincushion flower) house hybrid mix 30" * sedum s
spurium coccineum (stonecrop) dragon's blood 3-4" sempervivum (hen &
chicks) hardy species mix 4-8" * veronica v spicata (speedwell) red -
longifolia rosea perennial herbs * artemisia a schmidtiana (worm wood) (h)
silver mound 8" lavendula l agustifolia (lavender) (h) munstead
12-16" salvia s x superba (flowering sage meadow) (h) blue queen
12-15" * saponaria s ocymoides (rock soapwort) (h) pink 9" * thymus
citridorus (lemon thyme) (h) * english thyme) (h) chives (h) oregano (h)
peppermint (h) sage (h) spearmint (h) italin parsley (h) taragon (h) rosemary
(h) fruit and vegetable plants asparagus m washington 2yr * blackberry
(thornless) * blueberry jersey * grapes concord * horseradish * raspberry black
"logan" red "latham" rhubarb canada red 1 - 1-1/2"
strawberry june bearing - fiber box everbearing - temptation 4" fiber pots
gooseberry rose bushes red christian dior chrysler imperial mirandy mr lincoln
oklahoma kentucky derby proud land red masterpiece tuxedo orange-red tropicana
mojave pink first prize miss all american beauty heirloom south seas yellow
arlene francis golden masterpiece kings ransom summer sunshine new day white j
f kennedy lavender streling silver multi color chicago peace snow fire (red
inside white out) floribundas europeana (red) sunsprite (yellow) climers cl new
blaze (red) cl don juan (red) cl joseph's coat (yel/org/crim) cl royal gold
(yellow) (h)= also considered a herb annual bedding plants ageratum hawaii
series blue alyssum easter bonnet mix new carpet of snow oriental night
asparagus fern a sprengeri begonia (fibrous) cocktail gin (rose) cocktail vodka
(red) prelude scarlet prelude white begonia (tuberous) nonstop apricot nonstop
pink nonstop scarlet (red) nonstop yellow bolivian jew (callisia repens) boston
fern (nephrolepis exaltata) bridal veil (givasis geniculata) browallia blue
bells celosia castle series mix chennile (acalytha pendula) fire tail cockscomb
(cristata) jewel box mix coleus wizard mix cosmos sonata series mix dahlberg
daisy golden fleece dahlia figaro mix imp dianthus parfait raspberry telstar
carmine rose telstar crimson telstar mix dracaena spikes c indivisa dusty
miller silver dust flowering cabbage dynasty series mix flowering kale emperor
series mix fuchsia (trailing) dark eyes geranium (seed) elite cherry elite pink
elite salmon elite scarlet mavrick star pinto bi-color geranium (zonal)
americana coral fischer blues imp (pink) fischer tango (dark red) fischer alba
(white) fischer schone helena (salmon rose) oglvee aurora (purple) wilhelm
langguth (red variegated) geranium (ivy leaf) rouletta (bi-color) navette
(coral) mimi (hot pink) fischer butterfly (light lavender) fischer molina
(salmon pink) fischer shiva (dark red) guillou vinco (deep pink w/rose eye)
gomphrena buddy series deep purple impatiens (single) accent blush pink accent
burgundy accent carmine accent coral accent cranberry accent lavender blue
accent orange accent red accent red star accent rose imp accent rose star
accent salmon accent scarlet accent violet accent white super elfin pink swirl
impatiens (double) rose bud purple rose bud red rose bud salmon pink impatiens
(new guinea) paradise aruba (deep rosy purple) paradise grenada (salmon w/eye)
paradise lanai (bright red) paradise moorea (white) lantana (trailing) new gold
lisianthus (texas blue bell) blue lisa imp lobelia (trailing) fountain series
mix lobelia (upright) rapid series blue marigold aurora fire 8-10" aurora
gold aurora yellow fire boy orange 8-12" boy yellow crush pineapple
8-10" espana granada 8-10" espana red marietta 10-12" galore
orange 16-18" galore yellow honeycomb 12-14" lemon drop 8-9"
mums yoder bravo (red) yoder debonair (lavender) yoder grenadine (coral) yoder
jessica (yellow) yoder nicole (white) yoder triumph (bronze-gold) nicotiana
merlin series red pansy majestic gt blue shades majestic gt purple majestic gt
red & rose majestic gt yellow majestic gt white/bl majestic gt mix majestic
gt white/bl 1 petunia (single grandaflora) blue skies california girl daddy blue
daddy sugar imp hulahoop rose picotee blue supercascade blue supercascade
burgundy supercascade pink supercascade red supercascade white ultra crimson
star petunia (double) double sonata (white) pirouette purple pirouette rose
petunia (milliflora hybrid) fantasy blue fantasy pink morn fantasy red phlox
palona mix portulaca (moss rose) sundial mix salvia bonfire 20-26" red hot
sally 10-12" victoria blue 18-20" snapdragon floral shower mix
6-8" liberty series mix 18-22" spider plant green variegated sunflower
big smile swedish ivy verbena romance series mix vinca (periwinkle) cooler
grape cooler peppermint pacifica punch pacifica red vinca vine variegated viola
(johnny jump up) helen mount wandering jew zinnia short stuff mix vegetable
plants asparagus m washington 2yr broccoli green comet f1 brussels sprout jade
cross "e" f1 cabbage early flat dutch (ball) op early jersey
wakefield (pt) emerald cross (round) f1 golden acre (round) op red acre (round)
op stone head (ball) f1 cantaloupe (muskmelon) burpee hybrid pmr f1 cauliflower
snow crown cucumber burpless no 26 (tasty grn) bush pickle eggplant black
beauty op onions sweet spanish yellow walla walla sweet vidalia peppers big
bertha hybrid california wonder golden calwonder sweet banana (sw hungarian) early
jalapeno habanero (capsicum chinese) hungarian yellow wax (h ban) super chili
hybrid pumpkin atlantic giant connecticut field rhubarb canada red squash black
zucchini strawberry june bearing everbearing "quinalt"" sweet
potato centennial - georgia jets - porto rico - tomatoes beefsteak better boy
big boy (burpee) big girl (burpee) champion golden jubilee (burpee) jet star
roma vf rutgers super sweet 100 yellow variegated watermelon charleston grey
early sugar baby herbs annual basil (sweet) parsley (moss curled) perennial
chives oregano peppermint rosemary sage spearmint thyme (english) hanging
baskets included in bedding plants list alyssum easter bonnet mix begonia
(fibrous) cocktail gin (rose) cocktail vodka (red) prelude scarlet prelude
white begonia (tuberous) nonstop apricot nonstop pink nonstop scarlet (red)
nonstop yellow impatiens (single) accent carmine accent coral accent orange
accent red accent salmon accent violet impatiens (double) rose bud purple rose
bud red rose bud salmon pink impatiens (new guinea) paradise aruba (deep rosy
purple) paradise grenada (salmon w/eye) paradise lanai (bright red) paradise
moorea (white) pansy majestic gt blue shades majestic gt purple majestic gt red
& rose majestic gt red & yellow petunia blue skies daddy blue daddy
sugar imp hulahoop rose picotee blue supercascade blue supercascade burgundy
supercascade pink supercascade red supercascade white ultra crimson star double
sonata (white) pirouette purple pirouette rose fantasy blue fantasy pink morn
fantasy red vinca (periwinkle) cooler grape cooler peppermint pacifica punch
pacifica red, yahoo, aeiwi, alexa, alltheweb, altavista, aol, search, euroseek, exactseek, excite, google, inktomi, inktomi, kanoodle, lycos, moteurderecherche, national, directory, overture.com, searchhippo, searchit, teoma, tryamerica, what-u-seek, about.com, (formerly,, the, mining, company), ask.com, jayde, joeant.com, goguides.org, looksmart, msn, search, index, open, directory, project, skaffe, turnpike, yahoo, zeal, ah-ha, allestra, aussieseek, bigwhat, claymont, cyberdirectory, ditto, ezsearches, fetchdog, gadzooie, galaxy, generalsearch, gotogeo, onemission, openhere, qango, questfinder, scrub, the, web, searchking, searchtheweb, surfgopher, surfsafely, withoneclick, walhello, www, riot, zippyfinder, whowhere, people.yahoo.com, switchboard, yourfamily.com, 411locate, overture.com, 1st, global, directory, gte, yellow, pages, the, jewelry, mall, where2go


