




the lees side "music is music"





 



music is
    music 




the greeks 
    believe that athletics should be a compulsory part of education. but lest 
    the student be brutalized, the influence should be balanced by the teaching 
    of music for its refining influence.




i've always 
    believed that a music course should be compulsory in schools. nor do i mean 
    those dismal classes in "music appreciation" ("now here, class, beethoven is 
    shaking his fist at destiny") to which so many of us were victim when we 
    were too small to protest. i mean harmony, counterpoint, composition, and 
    performance.




but if music has 
    powers to soothe the savage beast, it has the contrary power as well: the 
    power to savage the soul that might otherwise find its way to refinement. 
    when in 1955 i expressed in print the fear that rock-and-roll music would 
    brutalize a generation, the idea was mocked. well? look at the behaviour of 
    the rock-raised generation in vietnam. (incidentally, american troop 
    behaviour there makes an interesting counter-comment on the current mystique 
    that pot makes you peaceful, loving and gentle. so, for that matter, does a 
    great deal of at-home behaviour of the love generation.)




the 1960s were 
    what oscar peterson calls "the dark time" in the history of american music. 
    it was an era when crudity and amateurism and ignorance in art came into 
    praise, and social relevance (the nat hentoff syndrome) became the measure 
    of things. and so art lost its way.




for the real 
    function of art, as men from plato to oscar wilde have understood, is to act 
    as a sort of gyroscope of the soul, and this is more true of music than any 
    of the other arts. a case can be made for the uses of literature in the act 
    of reform, although it is approximately true that its value as art varies 
    inversely to its propaganda content. as far as i am concerned, however, 
    there is no case whatsoever for the use of music as propaganda.




the exquisite 
    thing about music is that it is abstract — and it is, incidentally, the only 
    true abstract art. all the arts, joseph conrad wrote, crave after the 
    conditions of music. conrad was wise enough to know that they don't have 
    them. to use music for anything but musical purposes is to debase it. if the 
    purpose of life is life, the purpose of music is music.




literature, to 
    achieve its effects, requires that the meaning of words be digested and the 
    thought behind those words arouse a feeling. but it does not work directly 
    on the sensory system. music, like painting, does; and music does so even 
    more than painting, or the other visual arts. and no one knows quite how it 
    works. music is the ultimate aesthetic mystery. no one has yet explained 
    satisfactorily the power of a minor chord, in certain locutions, to produce 
    sadness, without any intermediary step of thought. no one can tell you why a 
    modulation up a half step can make your heart leap up like the ascending 
    smoke of a silent prayer. if indeed, as many musicians think, these are 
    merely matters of social conditioning, if music depends for its effects upon 
    a series of agreed-upon conventions, then it is all the more amazing. if our 
    ability to communicate through words is the factor that lifts us above the 
    other animals, then the perception of music is an even more remarkable 
    achievement, perhaps an omen of our future development as a species: for in 
    music we have passed beyond words into an even more rarefied atmosphere of 
    communication. music, then, is the language beyond language: it is 
    super-verbal.




how shoddy to use 
    it for mere political purposes.




this is said not 
    because i am apolitical. on the contrary, my greatest preoccupation and 
    concern is the politics of our time. but i never thought that music should 
    be used to make my political points, or anyone else's. for all that i am, as 
    they say nowadays, polarized (simultaneously to the right and to the left; 
    it depends on the issue, since nothing is simple, and doctrinarians are 
    fools),  the quintessential 
    thing, if i am to retain sanity in our kafkaesque world, is to know where 
    the truth lies, and what it looks like when i see it. conceivably, knowledge 
    of mathematics will do this for you. but mathematics is a realm inaccessible 
    to most of us, and music, which does the same thing for the soul, but 
    better, is eminently accessible to those who make even a modicum of effort 
    toward learning its language. picking up half a dozen guitar grips and 
    buying a capo does not of course constitute such an effort.




it occurred to me 
    recently that none of us will ever be without trouble. when we have solved 
    one set of problems, another will replace them. for there will always be a 
    greedy and unprincipled man to replace the one we have just neutralized. it 
    may well be that half that university class over there is thinking good 
    thoughts about the reform of our affairs, but there's one kid sitting among 
    them thinking about how he's going to get their money away from them, or 
    gain power over them, or both, even if he has to get them or their children 
    killed to do it. the old have no patent on wickedness, kiddies, and while i 
    grant that the sinister old warmonger of seventy, so well portrayed by 
    graham greene in his story "this gun for hire", is a problem, it's the evil 
    young warmonger you should be worried about. after all, that old cat will be 
    dead soon, but the young one will be around causing trouble for quite some 
    time.




so we must all 
    perpetually be on our guard. this is what is meant by "the price of freedom 
    is eternal vigilance." it doesn't mean standing armies. it means keeping 
    your eyes open for the bastards among us who don't care what they do to 
    nations, peoples, cities — or music — so long as they get what they judge to 
    be theirs.




we're stuck with 
    it. we're going to have to be warriors of a sort, all our lives. but there's 
    no use digesting your own guts into ulcers over it. you in your world have 
    to be on guard against your bad guys (unless of course you're one of the bad 
    guys, in which case you have to be on guard against the good) and i have to 
    be on guard against those in mine. 
    in my case, it means men who would ruin music for the sake of money, 
    men who don't give a tinker's damn about the real function of art. but if 
    we're going to be warriors, we might as well be happy warriors.




and one of the 
    things that brings happiness to the heart is music. it does this even in the 
    process of bringing sadness. but it does more: it is the polestar that, used 
    rightly, can help us find our way across the troubled waters.




gene lees



















first 
		edition summer 1992


second 
		edition christmas 1993


web page 
		edition christmas 1997


25th 
		anniversary revision november, 2017


digital 
		upgrade august, 2018


 
		november 
		2024 revised edition
 




george townsend


hqv selekt group


3 seaview avenue


wolfville, nova scotia
      b4p 2g3


canada 


 
telephone: (902) 698-9848





	saturday, november 30, 2024

© 2024










 

 


