       
	maine dental association | american dental association
                                      




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about us







mda officers




mda staff




mda board of directors




component society officers




committees




calendar / events






membership







2025 renewal





mda bylaws





membership roster





resources







opioid crisis




loan support




mainecare







legislative updates







new federal and state laws impacting dentistry







member benefits







industry solutions




holiday cheer







retired members




student resources







mda une/asda mentorship program




early career resources








continuing education




news & publications







announcements




classified ads







job openings




hygienist/assistant/office staff openings




seeking associates




practices for sale/rent




equipment - wanted - for sale




looking to buy a practice




seeking position




services offered








patient resources







find a dentist




dental health faq




fluoride




why should i see a dentist




what do dentists do




maine dental clinics




donated services






preferred business partners







about the program




advertisement






dentist for me








update my information






  
            skip to main content
         








renew your membership

                        continue accessing member resources and support through 2025

                            
renew now








2025 exhibitor & sponsorships

                        now available online! our largest event of the year, the maine dental association invites you to be an exhibitor and/or sponsor at the annual convention. join us in enriching the experience of attendees as they learn and hear from prestigious speakers, network with former and new colleagues, and most importantly, have fun! 

                            
view exhibitor & sponsorship prospectus








legislative updates

                        stay up to date on the latest legislative actions that could impact dentistry!

                            
view bills of interest








new - paid family & medical leave poster

                        employers can order physical copies of the poster at no cost. for convenience, a downloadable pdf version is also available. the mda encourages all employers to display this information prominently to ensure that employees are aware of their rights and benefits.

                            
order now








national government services - medicare administrative contractor - who are we?

                        a medicare administrative contractor is a private health care insurer to whom the centers for medicare & medicaid services has awarded geographic jurisdiction to process fee-for-service medicare claims for beneficiaries in a defined geographic area(s). in the united states, there are 12 mac jurisdictions.

                            
learn more
















welcome to the maine dental association
with a focus on maine’s dentists, oral health policy, and the citizens of our state, with over 700 member dentists, the maine dental association is here for you.
what we offer:
professional connections
member discounts
continuing education
legislative advocacy
informative resources
tripartite membership
with a joint effort between your local component, the maine dental association, and the american dental association, membership guarantees to meet your needs as each level offers valuable benefits and resources.  




mda ce opportunities 





in case of emergency, break glass (for practice owners) webinar



course: in case of emergency, break glass (for practice owners)speaker: jim kachmar, doctors disability specialistsdate: friday, february 28, 2025time: 10:00am - 11:30amlocation: virtual *this webinar is not eligible for ces about: after attending this webinar, practice owners will understand various risks and how to mitigate and address them. participants will also learn ways to prevent these risks from happening in the first place.
learning objectives:
participants will learn about specific risks to their practice, including death and disability. participants will learn ways to mitigate these risks, including purchasing insurance, utilizing mutual contracts between neighboring dentists to fill in and planning for the unexpected.


register here 






materials and techniques to improve your conservative, adhesive dentistry (6 ces)



save the date!course: materials and techniques to improve your conservative, adhesive dentistry (6 ces)speaker: dr. nathaniel lawson, dmd, phddate: friday, march 14, 2025time: 9:00am - 4:00pm location: zoom


learn more 






mda annual convention



save the date!june 12-14, 2025bar harbor, mekeynote speakers6/12/2025 - robert marus, dds, aaacd, ficd - cosmetic dentistry for the restorative practice (6 ces)6/13/2025 - sook-bin woo, dmd, fdsrcs - oral ulcers, fungal infections and leukoplakia in the molecular age (6 ces)6/14/2025 - wael garine, dds - full arch restoration: is it a clear choice (6 ces)call for proposals - applications are now being reviewed by the ce committee. responses will be provided mid-january. exhibitor & sponsorship - available online at https://www.medentalce.org/2025exhbitors-sponsors 


read more 






treating between the lines: understanding rx and illicit drug abuse (3 ces)



save the date!course: treating between the lines: understanding rx and illicit drug abusespeaker: dr. ronnie browndate: friday, october 17, 2025location: zoom


read more 






antibiotic stewardship (3 ces)



save the date!course: antibiotic stewardshipspeaker: dr. erinne kennedydate: november 2025location: zoom







new dental tools by mainecaredental toolsmainecare’s dental workgroup has created a new questions & answers (q&a) document and a dental webpage with resources for mainecare providers. the q&a document includes questions about billing, prior authorizations, system training opportunities, enrolling new providers, missed appointments, interpreter services, and more that we received from providers in the two dental forums in july and august. as we add new questions, we will make them green to indicate which questions are new. we will also add the date the document is updated in green. the q&a can be found on our new dental services webpage. this webpage is intended for dental service providers and billers and includes tools and information such as the presentation slides and recordings of the dental forums.


2025 annual conventionsave the datejune 12-14, 2025 - bar harbor, mekeynote speakers6/12/2025 - robert marus, dds, aaacd, ficd - cosmetic dentistry for the restorative practice (6 ces)6/13/2025 - sook-bin woo, dmd, fdsrcs - oral ulcers, fungal infections and leukoplakia in the molecular age (6 ces)6/14/2025 - wael garine, dds - full arch restoration (6 ces) call for proposalsapplications for the 2025 annual convention have now closed. if you have submitted a proposal, responses will be provided in mid-january. guidelines for submissions can be found here.exhibitor & sponsorshipsnow available online! our largest event of the year, the maine dental association invites you to be an exhibitor and/or sponsor at the annual convention. join us in enriching the experience of attendees as they learn and hear from prestigious speakers, network with former and new colleagues, and most importantly, have fun! new this year, the exhibit floor is open for two days! lunch hour is served buffet style allowing attendees to visit and walk the exhibit floors. each attendee will be provided a punch card, encouraging them to visit all tables for an entry ticket to the raffle. exhibitors & sponsors logos will be displayed on the mda website, annual convention program, and provided with an attendee list. https://www.medentalce.org/2025exhbitors-sponsors  















                                renew my membership
                            







                                classified ads
                            







                                calendar
                            





































































































       

stay connected


















 

   general information american dental association   sections member center meetings & events about us public resources   resources join/renew accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                maine dental association. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us             21908246108   
