
stillman books


stillman books
i am located in beautiful british columbia at:
15158 north bluff rd. in sunny white rock, b.c. v4b 3e5  

specializing in... collectible children's and fine illustrated books, plus aviation, naval, rubaiyats, and other quality books.

phone: 778-291-0091


you may contact me via email at: info@stillmanbooks.com 
this website address is:www.stillmanbooks.com 


 important notice!  
 the new stillman books bookstore opened on aug. 15th, 2016 
at 15158 north bluff rd. (16th ave.), white rock, b.c. 
in central plaza, across the street from semiahmoo mall. 
"thank you" to all the white rock/south surrey residents 
who have already dropped in to buy books and wish me success. 
a shout out too to several old customers who have visited from 
port moody and coquitlam. 
the store is open every day, basically from 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. 
slightly shorter hours on sunday and monday. 
come see a wide assortment of quality secondhand, collectible 
and scarce books presented in an orderly fashion. 
featured right now is an extensive collection of beautiful, leather-bound 
easton press books, many still in their original shrinkwrap. 
these prized books could be a distinguished addition to your own 
library, or make outstanding gifts for family and friends. 
many classic authors are represented, from caesar and aristophanes, 
andersen and grimm, dickens, twain, wells and verne, to more modern 
authors such as hemingway, fitzgerald, faulkner, wodehouse, steinbeck 
and vidal. 
easton press also published many non-fiction history and military 
titles, plus a series of science fiction titles, several of which 
are signed by the author. 
please come by to view the easton press books as well as the many 
thousands of other fine books, including a large collection of 
children's and illustrated books. 
don't forget to tell your friends that white rock has 
a used bookstore once more. 

see the stillman books white rock information page:
  stillman books white rock  

phone 778-291-0091 


also, many books on the stillman books website will be available at the
new stillman books store in white rock. 
if you see an interesting book on this website, you can pick it up 
at the white rock store with 24 hours notice. 

all books subject to prior sale. all prices in canadian dollars.
delivery costs extra, insurance extra on higher-priced items.
canadian customers pay 5% gst.
payment by visa or master card. canadian and american customers
may also pay by cheque.





photo by james lemon 








hi! i am terry stillman and i closed my retail storefront 
bookstore at 1321 kingsway, vancouver, b.c. in june, 2002. in all, i have 
been buying and selling books for over forty years. children's
& illustrated books has been a constant specialty. to that i have
added aviation as a second specialty, concentrating on titles
dealing with wwii, but also carrying some pioneer and wwi material,
including some technical books. due to a conversion in fall, 1999
from a general bookstore to a specialty bookstore i now carry
many fewer types of books. currently, besides children's and
aviation books, i also have representative sections of art books,
military, naval, espionage, history, some fishing, golf, and 
the rubaiyat of omar khayyam. see the list below. you will find some  
illustrated catalogues of books for sale on this website.
i took over the jolly olde bookstore in december, 2010 and
closed it on july 17th, 2016 to reopen in white rock, b.c.
see above for details.
 
note: some of the catalogues listed here are months out of date
due to personal reasons and time constraints, however, progress is 
being made. please inquire about books in which you're interested...
chances are that they are still available.

 


policy: all prices quoted are in canadian dollars all 
books are subject to prior sale. shipping charges are extra: in 
canada, $13.50 for the lst book, $4.50 for each additional book; 
to the u.s., $16.50 for the lst book under 1 kg (just over 2 lb.),
larger books extra; other countries, $16.00 for the first book
under 1 kg., up to 2 kg. for $22.00. insurance charges at cost. 
heavier books may require extra postage.
canadian residents please add 5% gst. payment may be made with
a personal or business cheque (canada and u.s. only), money order, 
bank draft, visa card or master card. all items are returnable
in the same condition within l0 days  of receipt; please advise us
in advance of any returns. books will be held  for two weeks;
if payment is not received within that time, the books will be
reoffered for sale.  
  



i am no longer listing books for sale on any book-matching sites,
so my inventory is only available through this website or
through my open store, stillman books in white rock, b.c.




for information on fine binding, visit the website of a three-generation
bookbinding family: richard smart of burnaby, british columbia and
father john smart of lewisham, england.
old english bindery





if you have a few minutes:

to read my comments on the cbc production "hemingway vs. callaghan"
and my general comments on making films based on books, click on the following:
 hemingway vs. callaghan 

to read my article on aging, entitled "aging, aged or ageless"
simply click on the following link:
 aging, aged or ageless 

to read my article on bookscouting, entitled "saving the books"
simply click on the following link:
 saving the books 

to read my article on collecting pop-up books
simply click on the following link:
 introduction to collecting pop-up books 

to read my article on the illustrators of the rubaiyat
simply click on the following link:
 illustrators of the rubaiyat 

to read my article on the illustrators of alice in wonderland
simply click on the following link:
 illustrators of alice in wonderland 



important viewing note:

if you have trouble reading any of the pages on this website--
i.e. overlapping of images and copy--it could be because the
pages were set up for netscape and if you're using microsoft
internet explorer or mozilla firefox, the type face showing may be too 
large. go up to view and zoom out.
 



catalogue menus:


 new arrivals for november 2014  
 children's and illustrated books: new arrivals  
 red star line history and other liner books 
 americana books, plus western americana  
  aviation books 
  more aviation books 
  military books 
  sea and naval books 
  more sea and naval books 
 canadiana books: fiction and non-fiction 
  books on fishing, fly-tying, knots
 books on golf 
  golf books page two 
 books on sports plus car books 
  abc books and a few counting books
 aesop's fables and other fables 
 alice in wonderland and other carroll
 antiquarian books, mostly religious
  boys' british annuals 
 british history books 
 children's & illustrated books 
 children's & illustrated books two 
  more children's & illustrated books 
 women children's book illustrators 
 christmas books 
 books of folktales, legends, myths 
 modern fiction titles
 school readers, mostly old, other schoolbooks 
 poetry books, mostly 19th and 20th century 
 books on canadian, american, british railways 
 rubaiyat of omar khayyam 
 rupert bear annuals 
 pop-ups and moveables 
 pop-up books-page two 
  art and cartooning books 
 limited editions club books 
 sherlock holmes collection for sale 
 thoreau macdonald, group of seven books 
  selected books by will james  

{last updated feb. 4, 2018}


