








extension washington county – university of wisconsin-madison

























































skip to content


directory











extension washington county
university of wisconsin-madison



menu


programs

welcome to 4-h!
agriculture
community development (state site)
community youth development (state site)
families & finances (state site)
horticulture (state site)


news
extension washington county staff directory
4-h calendar
publications & reports
 
 


search





search for:











search for:



 












what can we help you with?

contact our office
find a local program
latest news



serving washington county residents since 1918, the university of wisconsin-madison, division of extension washington county educators take pride in being engaged throughout washington county bringing the knowledge and resources of the university of wisconsin to county residents. educators work alongside the people of our wisconsin counties to improve lives and community.

extension programs in washington county





4-h youth development

gives young people hands-on experiences to develop an understanding of themselves and the world.

learn more





crops

providing timely resources and information to help wisconsin crop producers manage crops efficiently and profitably.

learn more







latest news
join us for the february 18th talkin’ turkey tuesday programwe have a fantastic lineup on tuesday, feb 18.
continue readingcanceled: feb 15th sewing sessionsewing session canceled feb 15
continue readingart contest: 4-h wildlife & forestrythis 4-h activity is open to all wisconsin 4-h club members
continue readingwool spinning project meeting canceledwool spinning canceled d/t snow
continue readingtonight’s hi-lite happy workers 4-h meeting is canceledcanceled due to weather.
continue reading4-h archery & air rifle sessions are canceled tonighttonight’s shooting sports sessions are canceled.
continue readingfeb 2025 regional ag updatesupdates from liz gartman, extension regional crops educator
continue readingapply for a washington county 4-h scholarshipup to seven $1,500 scholarships will be awarded
continue readingfebruary cloverline 4-h newsletter now postedsee what’s happening in washington county 4-h.
continue readingraising wisconsin’s children conference 2025join us on january 28, 2025 to unlock the power of social and emotional skills in children and teens!
continue readingplant diagnostics: the step-by-step approach to identifying plant problemsimprove your gardening skills with extension!
continue reading4-h teen connect: january 25retro video game night
continue reading





our office
extension washington county333  e washington st, suite 1200west bend, wi 53090
phone: 262-335-4477711 for wisconsin relay
hours: monday to thursday, 8am-4:30pm*closed 12-1pm daily* open fridays by appointment only
the office is closed all major holidays and the day after thanksgiving


where we’re located



connect with us

staff directory
facebook





stay up to date on the latest extension news, resources, and impacts by signing up for our monthly e-newsletter.

join our mailing list



 















 

division of extension
 connecting people with the university of wisconsin











 

agriculture
community development
health & well-being
families & finances
natural resources
positive youth development




 find extension washington county on

facebook 
 volunteer opportunities and partner organizations - volunteer opportunities
- partner organizations 






feedback, questions, or accessibility issues? please email us!











university of wisconsin-madison
      |              explore extension: 
agriculture    
community development     
families & finances     
health     
natural resources     
youth     
 

connect with us
support extension

 
 





extension home




we teach, learn, lead and serve, connecting people with the university of wisconsin, and engaging with them in transforming lives and communities.
explore extension »





county offices



connect with your county extension office »








staff directory



find an extension employee in our staff directory »







social media




get the latest news and updates on extension's work around the state
 facebook
 twitter






facebook






twitter





search all sites










feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@extension.wisc.edu | © 2025 the board of regents of the university of wisconsin system  privacy policy | non-discrimination policy & how to file a complaint | disability accommodation requests


		an eeo/aa employer, university of wisconsin-madison division of extension provides equal opportunities in employment and programming, including title vi, title ix, the americans with disabilities act (ada) and section 504 of the rehabilitation act requirements.
    











