


home - oklahoma city association of professional landmen

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








join nowmember loginmenuhomeabout us about us bylaws committees leadership president's letter member recognition mentor/mentee program news industry links event calendar documents jobs photo albums sponsors contact us






advertisementadvertisementupcomingeventsmembershipdirectorynewsletterssponsorsindustrylinksgalleries
 




our core purpose includes:
 


networking with other land professionals
    you will have opportunity to interact with more than 1000 active members.
    dues are $150 for the calendar year.  proration applies to new members their first year.   start by filling out the membership application today!
    


national affiliation
    ocapl is affiliated on the national level with the american association of professional landmen and was recognized in 1993,1997, 2006, 2016, 2018, 2022 and 2024 as the aapl local association of the year as well as other association awards.
    


monthly dinner meetings
    first monday from september - april, social hour at 5pm, dinner at 6:30pm. included in membership fee.

membership directory
    interactive, online directory includes photos of members and business affiliations.
    

continuing education
    ocapl maintains one of the highest continuing education programs available to aapl members by offering credits for monthly luncheons and meetings.  additionally, ocapl sponsors several annual programs such as the weekend take off and the field landman seminars which offer our members the opportunity to receive numerous continuing education credits

encourage and support a high standard of ethical and professional conduct

community service
    ocapl is giving a helping hand to the local community by participating in volunteer events that benefit folds of honor, okc ymca, cavett kids,  infant crisis, regional food bank, youth services, skyline ministries, bella foundation, st. judes, oerb and tenaciously teal just to name a few.
    

special events
        fishing, sporting clays and golf tournaments as well as the family fun run festival and the christmas event are all well attended!

newsletter
    newsletters can be found online and they are published 8 times annually, featuring legislative updates, regional director's report, and entry forms for special events.






join today








oklahoma city association of professional landmen
p.o. box 18714
oklahoma city, ok 73154

     



wti crude price




natural gas price






home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









