






river walk

































skip to content








					river walk				

visit the trail

where it starts
brochures
upstream guide
downstream guide
ecologically speaking
etiquette & standards


historic places

du bois river park
wm stanley overlook


native restoration

rain garden
native trees & plants
monitoring & research


support us

donate
future fund
volunteer
accomplishments
partners & personnel
contact us


about us

media
articles
archives
national recreation trail
25th anniversary
timeline


 








welcome to great barrington's
housatonic river walk




national recreation trail • local treasure
		
			visit spring, summer, and fall. daylight hours. free.
news and events







				stroll along the housatonic river, river walk, and riverfront trail.			

date: saturday, november 2, 2024 at 2:00 pm
let’s keep moving as november’s cooler weather means we should don a sweater and get outside!
register now!
great barrington land conservancy invites the community on this stroll along the housatonic provided in collaboration with berkshire food co-op.
we will meet up on main street in front of the mason library and begin our walk at the main street entrance of river walk.



			october 17, 2024		







				calling river walk volunteers! friday, november 1, 2024.			

we are gathering community volunteers to lend a hand at river walk as we refurbish the wattle fence that protects the historic oak on bridge street.
register today! (time to be determined)
this is a great opportunity to lend a hand and learn a skill for your own garden! the original wattle fence was installed by an ambitious greenagers trail crew in league with our rw greenagers interns.  the fence provides a circle of protection for the historic oak tree located near bridge street in front of the former searles school.  native perennials grown at river walk are planted within the protected area to support soil health and provide opportunities for pollinators.
join this joyful work experience!



			october 17, 2024		







				w.e.b. du bois: i’ve known rivers			

“w.e.b. du bois: i’ve known rivers” was held on august 27, 2022—the anniversary of du bois’s passing in accra, ghana, and the eve of the seminal march on washington for jobs and freedom. a group of local organizations gathered at river walk’s w.e.b. du bois river park to honor great barrington’s iconic native son with an afternoon of readings and musical offerings.
for more… click



			may 21, 2023		









 








subscribe 





























