


african drum beat- west african drumming & percussion
		music






      













 


  
last update:
            12th may 2010 












west african
				drumming and percussion music



this site is dedicated to west african drumming rhythms and
						percussion music from senegal, gambia, ghana, ivory coast, mali, guinea and
						particularly rhythms associated with djembe, sabar, and kpanlogo drums. the aim
					 is to be mainly educational and mostly informative. 
this website was originally created by shahab azar, a master drummer. sadly, shahab died in late 2009 after a long illness. in his memory we are  continuing to maintain this website which includes many of the rhythms that he taught in his regular classes and lovingly recorded for use on this website. please bear with us while we update the website and review the functionality.we are being helped in this by the owners of short term car insurance website cigala.co.uk. this insurance site provides temporary car insurance cover for from a single day up to 3 months. please click here if you want to insure a car for a short term.please note that our online shop and members areas are not currently active. thank you.
 


on this website you will find rhythm pages which are
						suitable for beginners and pattern hunters. this section currently contains 23
						rhythms with notations, accompanying tracks and drumming video
						clips.
those who are interested in developing their drumming
						vocabulary further, can do so by on-line subscription to our unique and comprehensive
						members area , which contains substantial audio/visual
						representation through use of notations, audio tracks, video clips and provides
						additional information on all sections of each rhythm not included within the
						public area of this site.
furthermore in members area you can find information on
						history of some of the drum rhythms and live recordings of african music
						performed in villages of senegal and gambia. we also intend to add new sections
						to this area dealing with playing sabar and balafon.
you may also find the drum related information in the
						following sections useful: 


						  listings for drumming teachers in     uk
						   : :   usa  : :
						    canada   : : 
						  australia
lists of drumming events and
						  regular weekly drum circles, groups &
						  workshops

photo gallery containing images from senegal &
						  gambia
discussion forum which provides a platform for expressing
						  your opinions or posting your questions regarding drumming
						  matters.
information on drum-makers
mp3 page which includes short samples of live recordings
						  available from the members area and links to other african music
						  sites.
the shop , where you can purchase teaching cds, artist
						  cds, rhythm notations, drums and books on-line.
links to other relevant drumming sites on the
						  net.
auctions
						  this is a new addition to the site and is geared towards musical instruments,
						  however other items can be included and a standard auction is completely
						  free.

we have also included .wav files and
						mp3 tracks on some pages so depending
						on your browser they might be played automatically or a console will be
						displayed so that you can play the rhythm manually, or both subject to having
						the right plug-ins. please be patient as some of these files are quite large
						and might take some time to download. 
 to take full advantage of what is available on this site you
						need to have at least one of the following installed  : :  
						windows media player
						  : :   realone
						player   : :   quicktime   : :  
						winamp player   : :   and in some cases   :
						:   macromedia flash player. you can download the free versions
						by clicking on the links above .
hope you have fun!





 help us develop this site further


by using
					 our submission system to let us know of african drumming teachers, drum
					 groups/circles, classes, workshops, drum makers, drumming events, useful links
					 to other related sites and any articles related to africa and west african
					 drumming.




free web page for drumming teachers, drum makers,drum group /
					 circle facilitators. 


more
					 information

 




languages
					  
					 
					  
					 
					  
					 
					  
					 
					  
					 
					  
					 






members area


username



password



 


  members can enjoy ...




notations for 27 rhythms

								  260+ accompanying tracks
80
								  video clips on hand position
live recordings
and much more






recent additions to members area 26th july 2008: notations for new rhythm
								sofa added.  




free!!!african drummingrhythm notationsent to you every
			 monthon-line shopgamesa selection of games to keep you occupied!books on
			 africa


auctions
		| groups | african drumming
		rhythms | mp3s | events |
		teachers | drum-makers |
		photos | links |
		games |
		forum | shop |
		subscriptions |
		members


 








© 2006 webring inc.



african music webring


 [
									 join now |
									 ring hub |
									 random | << prev |
									 next >> ] 





search
										





 

   

