




 


sunnyvale rod and gun club - home










log in



























remember me
forgot password









 




















home



pictures of the club







rifle/pistol



action pistol




bullseye pistol




cowboy




nrl22




benchrest




silhouette







trap



monday night trap league







5-stand



5-stand lewis shoot







calendar



special events







contact




join us




other






special announcements
9/28/2024: classes are now being hosted by the sunnyvale rod & gun club. the non-profit bayprofs teaches nra basics of pistol shooting every 4th saturday from 10am to 6pm at our club. for more information or to sign up, please contact them at their website.9/5/2024: ammunition is now available for sale at the sunnyvale rod & gun club on saturdays from 9am to 3pm. all ammunition purchased at the club must be shot at the club that same day and cannot leave the property. the following calibers are normally available: 22lr, .380 acp, 9x19mm, .223 remington, 12 gauge slugs, 12 gauge trap load, 20 gauge trap load. other calibers may be available as well, please call 408-873-8255, extension 810 to inquire.










welcome to the sunnyvale rod & gun clubsince 1959, the sunnyvale rod & gun club has served shooters from its 
foothill site in cupertino, california, opposite the stevens creek reservoir (15 miles west of downtown san jose, ca). the sunnyvale rod & gun club is non-profit dedicated to providing both public shooters and its members a safe and fun place to pursue the shooting sports. we offer informal
 and competitive rifle, pistol, and  shotgun shooting to the public and welcome shooters of all experience levels. unfortunately, we do not rent or sell firearms.
 



 
the club offers three venues or facilities to public shooters and members alike. we have a 100 yard rifle/pistol range that offers shooters both steel and paper targets, five trap fields, and a 5-stand.
 many different activities take place at these locations, including 
informal shooting, organized competitions, weekly leagues, and more. 
come visit us and see what is available!

costs & public hours of operation rifle/pistol range trap fields 5-stand tuesdays: 10am - 9pm tuesdays: 5pm - 9pm tuesdays: closed saturdays: 9am - 3pm saturdays: 9am - 3pm saturdays: 9am - 3pm
we are closed on some holidays; see the club calendar for details.
our public shooting fees are $25/person for entry to the rifle/pistol range, $8 per game of 
trap, $9 per game of 5-stand. cash and credit cards are now accepted everywhere at the club. club members shoot at a discount in return for working at the club; consider joining the club if interested.

rules for public shooters throughout the club
shooters must be over 18 years of age or accompanied by an adult.shooters must be able to understand and speak english sufficiently to understand range safety commands.shooters
 may not conduct any firearms tourism, business, or sell anything on 
this property (inclusive of the parking lot) without prior approval of 
the management.
please also see any additional rules for the portion of the club you are using, such as the rifle/pistol range, trap fields, or 5-stand.
 










 
how to join the sunnyvale rod & gun club

the sunnyvale rod & gun club has been member-run and organized since 1959 and is always welcoming of new members. members are required to work periodically throughout the year as well as help maintain the facilities. benefits of membership include use of the facilities at other hours, cheaper shooting rates, and the ability to purchase firearms and ammunition in group buys. for more information on the time commitments and other details, please see our "join us" page for more information.


 









can't find what you're looking for? you can use the search field below.


















call us at 408-873-8255email us at info@sgun.org



physical address: 11998 stevens canyon road, cupertino, ca 95014mailing address: p.o. box 2903, cupertino, ca 95015
 










powered by wild apricot membership software







