






welcome...new quotes!!















welcome...new quotes!!





















home


sad1


sad2


flattery


love


passion


kisses


forgiveness


goodbye quotes


pain


love/heartbreak quotes


heartbreak/love 3


friendship quotes


famous love quotes


quotes to make you think


dawson creek quotes


great love quotes


shoutz outs


about me


4


5


6


7


8


9


10


11


12


13


14


15


16


17


18


19


20


21


22


23


24


25


26


27


28


29


30


31


32


33


34


35


36


37













~*random quotes*~
                           
















if a couple gets divorced in kentucky are they still brother and sister?

guys are like lava lamps, they are hott but not to bright

u can only be u, a lot of times, it's never enough for people

i don't come with dice so don't play me

everyone is entitles to be §tupied but your abu§ing the priviledge
"woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life." 
                                             -joseph conrad 	

it's the lonliest feeling in the world - to find yourself standing up when everyone else is sitting down. to have everybody
                                             look at you and say, "what's the matter with her?" i know what it feels like. walking down an empty street, listening
                                             to the sound of your own footsteps. shutters closed, blinds drawn, doors locked against you. and you aren't sure whether you're
                                             walking towared something, of if you're just walking away.&	

"absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great." 
                                             -comte debussy-rabutin 	

"love builds bridges where there are none." 
                                             -r. h. delaney 	

"we are all born for love. it is the principle of existence, and its only end." 
                                             -benjamin disraeli 	

"come live with me, and be my love, and we will some new pleasures prove of golden sands, and crystal brooks, with silken
                                             lines, and silver hooks." 
                                             -john donne, "the bait" 	

"you will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have
                                             done things in the spirit of love." 
                                             -henry drummond 	

"footfalls echo in the memory down the passage which we did not take towards the door we never opened into the rose-garden.
                                             my words echo thus, in your mind." 
                                             -t. s. eliot, "four quartets" 	

"the art of love ... is largely the art of persistence." 
                                             -albert ellis 	

"all mankind love a lover." 
                                             -ralph waldo emerson 	

"the hardest of all is learning to be a well of affection, and not a fountain; to show them we love them not when we feel
                                             like it, but when they do." 
                                             -nan fairbrother 	

"in love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two." 
                                             -erich fromm 	

"immature love says: 'i love you because i need you.' mature love says 'i need you because i love you.'" 
                                             -erich fromm 	

"where there is love there is life." 
                                             -mahatma gandhi 	

"for it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. it was not my lips you kissed, but my soul." 
                                             -judy garland 	

"life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." 
                                             -kahlil gibran, "the vision" 	

"looking back, i have this to regret, that too often when i loved, i did not say so." 
                                             -david grayson 	

"there is only one terminal dignity -- love." 
                                             -helen hayes 	

"the supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved -- loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of
                                             ourselves." 
                                             -victor hugo 	

"the supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved." 
                                             -victor hugo 	

"love can sometimes be magic. but magic can sometimes...just be an illusion." 
                                             -javan 	

"the moment you have in your heart this extraordinary thing called love and feel the depth, the delight, the ecstasy of
                                             it, you will discover that for you the world is transformed." 
                                             -j. krishnamurti 	

"being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage." 
                                             -lao-tzu 	

"the cure for all ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word 'love.' it
                                             is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life." 
                                             -lydia maria child 	

"treasure the love you receive above all. it will survive long after your good health has vanished." 
                                             -og mandino 	

"do all things with love." 
                                             -og mandino 	

"the only abnormality is the incapacity to love." 
                                             -anais nin 	

"at the touch of love everyone becomes a poet." 
                                             -plato 	

"we all suffer from the preoccupation that there exists ... in the loved one, perfection." 
                                             -sidney poitier 	

"there is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not." 
                                             -la rochefoucauld 	

"to fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead." 
                                             -bertrand russell 	

"tell me who admires you and loves you, and i will tell you who you are." 
                                             -charles augustin sainte-beauve 	

"i have said nothing because there is nothing i can say that would describe how i feel as perfectly as you deserve it."
                                             
                                             -kyle schmidt 	

"love means never having to say you're sorry." 
                                             -erich segal 	

"romeo, romeo, wherefore art thou, / romeo? / deny thy father, and refuse thy name..." 
                                             -william shakespeare 	

"a very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love." 
                                             -stendhal 	

"to fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult; our human loneliness is cause enough. but it is a hard
                                             quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be." 
                                             -anna louise strong 	

"if you judge people, you have no time to love them." 
                                             -mother theresa 	

"nunc scio quit sit amor." 
                                             lat., "now i know what love is." 
                                             -virgil	

"remember to always say what you mean.. if you love someone tell them don't be afraid to express yourself.  reach out and
                                             tell someone what they mean to you . because when you decide that it is the right time it might be too late. seize the day"

"love is when you can't describe what you like about them"

"god has a purpose for sunshine and rain"

"work like you don't need the money, dance like nobody's watching and love like you've never been hurt"

 "to love another person is to see the face of god"

"to love is to receive a glimpse of heaven"

"without love in our life its like a body without a soul"

"true love burns the brightest, but the brightest flames leave the deepest scars"

"a friend is someone who will walk with you when the rest of the world walks out"

"sometimes you need to run away just to see who will follow you"

"your loves the answer"

"when love knocks dial 911"

"no smile is more beautiful as the one that struggles through tears"

"whats meant to be will always find a way"

"nothing is impossible to a willing heart"

"someday somewhere somehow me and you"

"the course of true love never did run smooth" shakespeare

"take time to love her or someone else will"

"times a funny thing sometimes it runs out on you"

"when all is said and done i hope you look back and wonder if maybe falling in love with me wasn't such a bad idea"


"its much easier to turn a friendship into love then love into a friendship"

"a world of happiness could not replace what i have lost

"if your the flame you can't get burned

"though time has changes one thing is true time will never change the way i feel for you"

"never be normal"

"i want a new life and i want it with you

"sometimes there is no next time no time outs no second chances sometimes it's now or never"

"the saddies thing is losing something you never really had"

"i don't know if i'm better or just use to the pain"

"you call you friends when you need to get bailed out of jail but your best friend will be sitting right by you saying
                                             "that was fun" those are the friends that count"

man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain&

death is nothing but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily

wicked men obey fear good mean from love





if u find yourself falling, don't fall too fast. u might end up with a love that won't last. so listen to my words and
                                             take my advice if u find yourself falling, u better think twice."

sometimes the only thing that keeps me going is the thought that one day ur heart will break just like mine has...it's
                                             just a shame i can't be the one to do it

it seems to me that the harder i try, the harder i fall






















fire hot quotes

kimberly kirgbergers' i am 4 teens

e-mail me



view my guestbook
sign my guestbook
























































