


blonger bros. - home of the famous blonger bros.


















      
belonger genealogy * true history * the blonger gang * sam's posse
      










blonger bros. blog
the grafters club
fake restaurant



image album
news archive
obituaries
personal accounts
documents
correspondence
book excerpts
van cise project
visitors
links
contact us
pronunciation











who were the famous blonger bros.?
we're glad you asked.






lou blonger (blon'jer)



meet lou blonger
history remembers him as the king of the denver con men. grifters from across the nation flocked to the mile-high city to ply their trade under his protection.
friend and benefactor to a long line of denver mayors, lawmen, judges, and attorneys, blonger could do no wrong, until a brash young da bucked the establishment and finally brought him to justice.
but there's so much more to the story.







legends of the blonger bros. - 1858-1879
gamblers and soldiers, prospectors and saloonmen, lou blonger and his brothers lived the sporting man's life from deadwood to dodge,  virginia city to cripple creek.
time and again, the seemingly outlandish tales told of their pioneer years prove to be based in fact.


the blonger posse - 1882-1888
the blonger bros. served as lawmen and detectives, too, bringing order to restless boomtowns.
when wyatt earp's vendetta posse was on the run from arizona authorities, marshal sam blonger and his deputies gave them safe harbor in albuquerque, new mexico.



the big store - 1919-1924
by 1920, blonger's army of bunko men were pulling in well over a million dollars a year.
the gang's trial in 1923 was one of the most famous criminal cases in colorado history.

the belonger family tree
this started out as a site dedicated to the belonger genealogy, and if you're a family member, you'll find lots of interesting information about your relatives here.





what's new? read the evening review!
finally, just for fun, what if the blonger bros. owned their own theme restaurant?






a word on pronunciation
when we first saw the names belonger and blonger, we assumed, as you may have, that they were pronounced like the word "longer".
it's hard to tell because the name is very nearly unique, but the evidence suggests three options:
we use what we believe to be the americanized pronunciation, which rhymes with conjure.
if you're feeling french, give it that continental sound, blohn-zhuh.
or if you're a cheesehead, you may say like some still say belonger in the old home town, be-lahn-jee.






spam filtering by mxguarddog.com



 



 









genealogy - history - gang - posse - evening review
the grafters club - blonger bros. fake restaurant












 www  www.blongerbros.com 









copyright notice: original material copyright 2003-2021 scott johnson and craig johnson. other copyrights may apply to materials found herein. our primary goal is to reintroduce the blonger bros. to the lexicon of the wild west. we therefore encourage the use of our research, provided due credit is given.
https://www.blongerbros.com














