home cahir o'dohertycahir o'doherty is a professional musician best known for his strong resonant voice and lilting guitar producing incomparable irish and american folk music which people enormously enjoy.ballads, love songs, humor and traditional sing-a-longs are all within his cheery compass and a good time is guaranteed in the company of this very entertaining singer. ceol agus craicavailable musicdescriptiontracksgoin’ backgoin’ back contains songs cahir heard in his formative years when he was growing up in his father’s pub or listening to his uncle matt before he started singing rock and blues. it is a retrospective look at his childhood influences in ireland before he came to america and is an insight into the man and his music. as with all his recordings, the album includes some of his own compositions which are always very popular – kirkinriola and wanderin’ willie.goin back 01 come down the mountain katie dalygoin back 02 the moonshinergoin back 03 colcannongoin back 04 kirkinriolagoin back 05 three old drunken maidensgoin back 06 the ramblin irishmangoin back 07 the barnyards of delgatygoin back 08 poem the immortality odegoin back 09 goin backgoin back 10 eileen oggoin back 11 the last house on our streetgoin back 11 the last house on our streetgoin back 12 poem wee hughiegoin back 14 the pictures samplesorder nowbuy the cahir o' doherty-goin' back cd for 15.00, includes s/h

   

about the artistdescriptiontrackscahir o’doherty livecahir o doherty live was recorded over several nights in brennan’s irish pub in holiday fl and produced by steve stange.  you can hear for yourself how it really captures the typical atmosphere and enjoyment of cahir’s gigs and the unique rapport he creates with his audiences. there is one of his own songs, cosy corner, included in the mix. the owner of the pub mike brennan from county mayo has unfortunately since passed away, but his wife margaret and three daughters have carried on the tradition and cahir still plays there to loyal fans and an increasing number of discerning young people seeking good irish music.live 01 waxies darglelive 02 the liarlive 03 back home in derrylive 04 rich mans gardenlive 05 whiskey in the jarlive 06 big strong manlive 07 aint it a beautylive 08 wild colonial boy  live 09 when the boys come rolling homelive 10 irish roverlive 11 the scotsmanlive 12 silly slang songlive 13 old maid in the garrettlive 14 cosy cornerlive 15 lord of the dancelive 16 the devil  is dead samplesorder nowbuy the cahir o’ doherty-live cd for 15.00, includes s/h

   

descriptiontracks19 great irish songs19 great irish songs is acompilation of cahir’s first two very successful cassettes which were simply known as volume 1 and volume 2. these early recordings launched his career in america as an accomplished irish folk singer. original songs by cahir on this cd are the curse of immigration and rosaleen. vol 1 was recorded in ireland featuring members of the chieftains and the dubliners.  it was produced by eamon campbell, a well known member of the dubliners. vol 2 was produced by cahir and a good friend from his rock and roll days, liam reilly from bagatelle.19 great irish songs 01 rambles of spring19 great irish songs 02 a man you don’t meet every19 great irish songs 03 killyburn brae19 great irish songs 04 mulligan and me19 great irish songs 05 three old drunken maidens19 great irish songs 06 there were roses19 great irish songs 07 brennan on the moor19 great irish songs 08 the bold tenant farmer19 great irish songs 09 red haired mary19 great irish songs 10 the liar 19 great irish songs 11 paddy kelly’s brew19 great irish songs 12 mcclory19 great irish songs 13 ringsend rose19 great irish songs 14 galway races19 great irish songs 15 the mermaid19 great irish songs 16 the lark in the morning19 great irish songs 17 rosaleen19 great irish songs 18 the curse of immigration19 great irish songs 19 the bard of armagh samplesorder nowbuy the cahir o’ doherty-19 great irish songs cd for 15.00, includes s/h 

   

about the artistcahir o'doherty is a professional musician best known for his strong resonant voice and lilting guitar producing incomparable irish and american folk music which people enormously enjoy. ballads, love songs, humour and traditional sing-a-longs are all within his cheery compass and a good time is guaranteed in the company of this very entertaining singer. born in ireland, cahir started out as a rock and blues singer and was an immediate success with appearances in jesus christ superstar [pontius pilate] and joseph and his amazing technicolor dreamcoat [the pharaoh]. hit records saw him appearing with some of the top names in the music business such as the rolling stones, everly brothers, fleetwood mac, tom jones, ben e king and van morrison. cahir is now an american citizen and among the great songs of ireland, including his own original compositions, do not be surprised to hear some bob dylan and john prine with a bit of good old rock 'n roll thrown in for fine measure. check out his versatile show. as the saying goes - he's good at his gig!more about the artistthe everly brothers the dazzle band, 1974see him playthe gentryread morevenuesfinnegans irish pubuniversal studios orlando, fl.websitedirectionsmeg o’malleys irish pubmelbourne, fl.websitedirectionsmehans irish pub st. augustine, fl.websitedirectionskevin barry’s irish pub savannah, ga.websitedirectionsnolan’s irish pub cocoa beach, fl..websitedirectionsthe cottage irish pubmelbourne, fl..websitedirectionsappearancessee cahir o’doherty. check out his versatile show. as the saying goes – he’s good at his gig! drop him a linedrop me a line send
