


fear of flying dvd video: download it now! - prepare to fly












fear of flying dvd video



www.fearofflyingdvd.com

online course -- fear of flying book -- audio course



how to overcome the fear of flying for good!

available on dvd or download it now!







 prepare to fly 




now you can find relief with this powerful new video!








click to enlarge














































flying affects everyone differently. although many people enjoy flying, nearly everyone has felt a little nervous at some time. statistics show that the fear of flying is rather common. those who suffer can experience sleeplessness, anxiety, and panic attacks. fearful flyers can miss out on vacations and business opportunities. friends and family often don't understand.


if you don’t have the facts to explain what is happening, your imagination will naturally take over.

it is reasonable to feel trapped, out of control, or to be startled by that unexpected patch of turbulence, or a strange sound or feeling after take off. a strong fear of flying can be caused by a disturbing event in flight (turbulence, etc.).  if you experienced a frightening event and believed you were truly in danger of losing your life, you might have developed a lasting anxiety. 

many people become more nervous about flying with age. we become more aware of just how fragile and dear life is. also, people who are nervous flyers tend to have a strong imagination or a need to feel in control.

having children can change how you view flying. it’s natural to feel protective.

you are not being irresponsible by letting your kids see the world. flying is safe and many thousands of families fly every day. kids usually love flying, and it feels great when they ask you a million questions on the plane. with this video you will have the knowledge to answer them. be a hero in their eyes! 

if you learn more about unfamiliar situations and become convinced
that you can handle those situations fear will naturally subside. 







"most definitely a winner! my husband is not a fearful flyer. we watched it together, enjoyed it thoroughly and he was surprised at what he learned from it. i would highly recommend this dvd to anyone who feels nervous about flying. great job captain!"

"i found the dvd to be excellent. it impressed me as to just how well it was made. the dvd is filmed in many locations with a wide variety of airline staff and even some passengers. there has been a lot of work put into it - far beyond what i expected and it's very detailed. i'd recommend it to anyone who was considering it - it's not just the course information in another format. i watched it before both of my last two flights and it really helped."







ideal for the first time flyer, the extremely nervous flyer, or the experienced traveler who wants to learn exactly what goes on behind the scenes. with help from industry experts you'll learn coping skills while safely experiencing all the sights and sounds of jet travel. for those who have trouble even thinking about flying, prepare to fly gently guides you through every aspect of flight.










prepare to fly is brought to you by captain stacey chance, author of the free online fear of flying help course and book wings of discovery. with years of feedback from students of the online course, this new video addresses all common concerns passengers must deal with.



stop worrying about your next flight and prepare to feel better now!






order your dvd today!


full length(approx 107 min) 

(compare to other programs costing hundreds of dollars!)



only $39.95

prompt shipping - satisfaction guaranteed!

prepare to fly dvd  item #209588





- or -






download your video now!

watch on your computer or other portable/mobile video device

great for apple video ipod, computer playback, sony psp, palm, cell phone, etc.

many video formats to choose from:

windows .wmv - apple .mp4/h.264 - divx - quick time .mov - real media .rm
















only $29.95

immediate download - satisfaction guaranteed!

prepare to fly video download (full length - approx 107 min)

(high speed internet connection recommended)

please use paypal's toll free number if you have any problem ordering: 1-888-221-1161 











the dvd is divided into ten chapters allowing repeated viewing of topics of interest -

chapter 1. emotional effects of flying:

panic attacks - control - claustrophobia - children - imagination - overwater - noises - heights - coping tips & skills

     

chapter 2. physical effects of flying:

motion sickness - xanax - lorazepam (ativan) - bonine - jet lag - ear pain - clots (dvt) - flying w/babies & pregnant

     

chapter 3 aviation professionals:

faa - icao - air traffic controllers - mechanics - airline pilots - pilot medical examiner - dispatchers - flight attendants

     

chapter 4 the plane:

aircraft design - jet engines - maintenance inspections - fuel system - hydraulics - pressurization - fire - electrical

     

chapter 5 the basics of flight:

what holds the plane up - what if engines quit - turn - climb - descend - glide - flaps - speed brakes - stability

     

chapter 6 weather:

fog - clouds - rain - snow - ice - thunderstorms - lightning strikes - windshear - radar - autoland

     

chapter 7 turbulence:

mountain wave - convective - wake - air pockets - plane plummeting - jet stream - what pilots do during turbulence

     

chapter 8 safety & security:

statistics - new technology - what you can do - investigations - why planes crash - media - security - birds

     

chapter 9 planning your flight:

choosing an airline - choosing your seat - safest seat - best time to fly - long overwater flights - flying w/kids

     

chapter 10 complete flight:

sights, sounds & sensations of - boarding - taxi - takeoff - climb - cruise - turb - descent - aborted landing - landing

     

prepare to fly is the most comprehensive and interesting video ever made on commercial air travel. a must see for everyone who flies and great to share with kids and friends. now you can be the most relaxed and knowledgeable passenger on the plane!






includes interviews with:

4 airline pilots

1 retired captain

5 flight attendants

2 airline mechanics

2 airline dispatchers

1 air traffic controller

2 physicians

2 therapists

4 nervous flyers

2 frequent flyers









includes video from:

inside & outside of airport terminals

ticket & gate areas

boarding lounge, jetbridge & entry door

aircraft interior - cockpit & cabin

views from passenger windows

views from cockpit windows

aircraft exterior - ground & flight

air traffic control tower

aircraft maintenance hangar

pilot operations


























discovery bay studios photography













