























  default title













































 





                                        bangkok
                                    



bangkok



tokyo



shanghai



singapore



hongkong



malaysia







 info@crystalhues.com
 +91 9818333952














home


about



                            services
                        

translation
transcription
interpretation
proofreading
voice over 
sub titling
annotation
post editing
dtp
localization
mtpe



languages


clientele



                            media
                        

blog
news letter
press relese



careers


vendor registrations


contact us





















want to get an estimate for your requirement? click on the link and get an instant estimate for your requirements
get an instant quote now








iso certified
 the best practices welded into workflow system and processes, which are iso 17100, iso 18587 certified by atc certifications, uk (the first in india), along with iso 9001 and iso 27001 certifications. 







highest quality
 committed to creating value for our customers by delivering high-quality marketing localization services through well-defined and constantly upgraded processes and methodologies, which ensures consistently meeting and exceeding customer expectations by continually improving the effectiveness of the quality management system and other industry-specific international standards. 







fastest deliveries
 we understand the importance of time, especially when it comes to your projects. we take pride in boasting our accomplishments of delivering projects within timelines with the help of our vast network of more than 500 linguists who are tied up with us across the globe to help us deliver massive projects within extremely tight deadlines without compromising on the quality. 
















best localization company in india - crystal hues ltd

crystal hues is a public limited 35 years-old iso certified content  localization agency that has helped some of the biggest brands around the world in overcoming language and cultural barriers. with 6 offices in south-east asia & 33 back captive offices around the world, and a vast network of 1000+ linguists around the globe, crystal hues delivers the highest quality of localized content in the fastest turnaround time.
our prices, though comparable to freelancers, include quality control processes, know-how, and dedicated professionals with the domain expertise to ensure high-quality deliveries. a partial list of clients includes accenture, amway, bates, bbc, canon, dy&r, ge, gillette, hughes, infosys, kpmg, lafarge, star tv, us government, virgin atlantic, who, world bank, etc.
the company believes in keeping up to the technology-enabled times and boasts automations and technology support through artificial intelligence and machine learning softwares like sdl trados and proprietary erp systems-driven processes to prove efficiency in operations.
crystal hues limited is committed to creating value for our customers by delivering high-quality marketing communication services through well-defined and constantly upgraded processes and methodologies, which ensures consistently meeting and exceeding customer expectations by continually improving the effectiveness of the quality management system and other industry-specific international standards.











expertise in all localisation services
the linguistic needs of a business are many. you may need our translation services to translate a training module for your off-shore employees, or you may need our interpretation services for your global conferences. whatever is your need, crystal hues gives a customized solution. with our services, you can reach people across the world.








translation





transcription





interpretation





voice-over





subtitling










big or small, we help businesses of every shape & size

                        for over 35 years, we've been like a lighthouse guiding many great companies in their communication journey.
                        it's with their trust in our abilities and world-class service delivery we're at the top of our industry.
                        here are some of our valuable clients who traveled with us along our journey to the top.
                    


                            view all clients
                        













































































we take pride in our work, and the testimonial strengthen our resolve













"thanks you very much! appreciate working and sharing files over the weekend!"
- colleen, bain & company


"thanks for all your team support and valuable interactions whenever needed in 2021. we are very happy to have chl as a translation vendor partner for our major translation work."
- ramdas giri


"it was a very positive experience working with the team of chl. the task that was assigned to them was done with the greatest perfection. all the specifications that were mentioned in the initial draft for the translation task were followed to the point. we are very satisfied with their performance."
- laith kubba












interested in our services? get an instant estimate.
are you looking for a collaboration with us? want to know the specific details of how we work and what we bring to the table? just input your requirements and get an instant quote. chl always adheres to transparency and fair business practices. and the results you are seeking, you'll get the best!


                            contact us
                        













important link

home
about us

clients
contact us





company

blog
careers
press relese
news letter





translation services

icf translation
post editing translation
banking translation
insurance translation





online payment









you are always welcome to contact us by e-mail and phone.
 info@crystalhues.com
 +91 9818333952







© crystal hues 
privacy policy









contact us
get instant support












