




speedysnail






















front
about
archives
detail
definitely limericks
prodgers’ adventures
cartoon lounge
the stand-up
pacific politics
in theory
rory central
contact






ah… ahh… aaaaah
the opening credits of star trek: the next generation but with the theme coming from the enterprise-d. it’s like a car driving past with the window wound down and banging tunes blaring out of it.
“tourists are advised to remain at least 10 metres from the water’s edge, because no crocodile is gonna walk 11 metres for a meal, right?”
an undergraduate has upended a 40-year-old computer science conjecture (via mefi).
many birds of paradise emit light through their plumage. (flashlight of turquoise blue…)
 read more…
16 february 2025 · weblog

slava ukraini
russia has breached chernobyl’s radiation shield.+
europe has been left reeling by trump’s “peace talks” with russia.+
defense secretary hegseth’s visit to a u.s. base in germany was met with a student walkout.+
crossing a line.+
europe must step into the void.+
no negotiation about ukraine without ukraine.+
zelensky’s voice is the one that matters.+
15 february 2025 · politics

flood the zone
musk is in charge of the us government.+ what he wants is worse than you think.+ it’s an ai coup.+
trump is allowing doge to skirt open records laws.+ doge is posting classified data on its new website.+
nih overheads have been slashed.+ trump officials are exerting unprecedented control over a cdc scientific journal.+ us science is in chaos.+ “my boss was crying.”+ stand up and be counted.+
 read more…
15 february 2025 · politics

the inextinguishable
before the bbc sounds stream goes offline in six days’ time, i wanted to link to radio 3’s broadcast of the national youth orchestra of great britain performing nielsen’s 4th symphony in nottingham last month—not only because it’s terrific, but as a proud parent of one of the performers.
 read more…
7 february 2025 · music

songs for polar bears
ukraine is on track to destroy russia’s oil industry.
the baltic states are disconnecting from russia’s electricity network—tomorrow.+
extreme weather is failing to encourage climate action.
if the amoc runs amok, the uk’s out of luck.
a lost van gogh turned up at a garage sale for $50.
seven in ten irish 25-year-olds now live with their parents.+
silence of the prions.
a spoon’s worth of plastic makes intelligence go down.
i missed this the first time around: the man who went to jail for stealing his own identity.+
narwhals aren’t weird fish, but narwhal nailed “weird fishes” (via mefi).
7 february 2025 · weblog

welcome to the future
the work of dutch editorial cartoonist tjeerd royaards for trouw over the past couple of months captures this historical moment. knowledge of dutch not essential.
as well as trouw, royaards has drawn for the nation, le monde and others, and was a finalist for the 2024 european cartoon award. he’s also the editor of cartoon movement, a platform bringing together over 600 professional editorial cartoonists from around the world that works to safeguard freedom of expression.
 read more…
7 february 2025 · comics

nomenclature
manisha sinha, historian and author of the rise and fall of the second american republic: reconstruction, 1860–1920, has dubbed this moment the fall of the third american republic. the republic that began with the new deal is over: “let’s fight for the fourth!”
timothy snyder, historian and author of on tyranny: twenty lessons from the twentieth century, points out that of course it’s a coup.
 read more…
7 february 2025 · politics

the doge of menace
things are moving fast in north america’s first ex-democracy, as unelected oligarch elon musk consolidates power on behalf of recently installed autocrat donald trump. trump has provided cover by threatening and then at the last hour suspending punitive tariffs on america’s nearest neighbours, destroying the country’s relationship with its former allies for who knows how long. the trump regime continues its approach of attacking everything everywhere all at once, leaving democratic representatives floundering, although some are starting to make their voices heard. at this stage, though, it’s hard to see the blitzkreig implementation of project 2025 as anything less than a foregone conclusion and a clear echo of 1933. britain and europe, meanwhile, seem to be adopting the same wait-and-see approach that served them so well in the 1930s, as oswald mosley’s spiritual heirs make their presence felt at home.
 read more…
4 february 2025 · 1 comment · politics

storm warning
a week ago the mobile phones of everyone in central scotland got a forced alert around 5.30pm, accompanied by an alarm sound i’d never heard a phone make before. over the next 24 hours the uk and ireland were hammered by storm éowyn, the strongest i can remember since the one thirteen years ago that peeled the roofing felt off our flat (and which was apparently the strongest in thirteen years itself). fortunately our stairwell had just had the roofers out the week before to do some maintenance, so it was in pretty good shape this time, although i spent most of saturday periodically checking it through the attic window.
the power flickered off and on all day, resetting the clocks on the oven and the microwave every time; i had to leave my desktop switched off, as it kept rebooting. the problem settled down on sunday, but then returned on monday after more rain. others in the stair were also affected; it turned out to be a faulty junction box on a nearby lamp-post.
it could have been worse.
31 january 2025 · events

fortnite
like a certain video game that parachutes you onto an island where other players are trying to kill you, americans were dropped eleven days ago into the hellscape of the second trump administration, with the rest of the world stuck in the audience of the world’s grimmest esports tournament.
 read more…
31 january 2025 · politics
←older

front ·
archives ·
detail ·
limericks ·
prodgers’ adventures ·
cartoon lounge ·
the stand-up · pacific islands politics ·
in theory ·
rory central ·
rss ·
©2025 rory ewins




