




ticket king wisconsin | sports, concerts & theater tickets 








































                    theticketking.com is a ticket resale marketplace, not a box office or venue. ticket price may be above or below face value.
                











414.273.6007 








sell tickets


ticket discounts


faq


contact us



 414.273.6007
                            



                                sign in / register
                            





















ticket king 








search 







 






packers tickets 




brewers tickets 




bucks tickets 




badgers basketball tickets 




milwaukee admirals tickets 




hozier tickets - summerfest 














                events near lahore, pb
            


 change location
                
























connect with us


















welcome to the ticket king!
interested in green bay packers tickets, brewers tickets, or bucks tickets? call (414)273-6007 or (920)405-1000 to talk to the experts. we are your most trusted ticket source. ticket king is one of the largest locally owned and operated ticket companies in the midwest, and we focus on wisconsin events!
premium tickets to events in wisconsin and beyond
if you are looking for nfl tickets, mlb tickets, nba basketball, and nhl, we are your source. we can ship your tickets overnight, or email them directly to you! we have two offices in wisconsin to serve you better. our green bay office is just yards from lambeau field. our milwaukee office is minutes from the fiserv forum and american family field. get up close to all the action, and call ticket king today. since 1992, your one-stop shop for great seats to any event.
order online through our secure checkout, and save when you buy direct from ticket king. we are proud natb and bbb members, and we look forward to serving you! keep in mind, that ticket king is a full-service ticket broker. all prices are reflective of supply and demand. when you order from theticketking.com, you can rest assured that you are paying the lowest prices on local wisconsin sports and concerts.











sports


concerts


theatre















signup to receive event news, ticket giveaways, and discounts!







sign up
                                                
















home
about us
policies
terms
sitemap





 100% money-back guarantee


















                                © 2025 theticketking.com | all rights reserved
                            
  











            recently viewed pages
        







recently viewed links



 close
                                    

















