




abandonment and rejection by mother



















































missing mother
releasing the pain of childhood abandonment, neglect, and rejection
















menu




home
the syndrome
what is eft?
about carna
private sessions
free ebook
testimonials
the absent father
carna’s blog
“ugly duckling” book
 








home


was your mother absent early in your life because of illness, death, or emotional unavailability? did you experience early childhood rejection, neglect or (emotional) abandonment by your mother (or your father)?

♥ do you often feel lost, out of place, and unsafe in this world?
♥ is there a profound sadness in your life, even if nothing is wrong?
♥ do you tend to feel lonely, especially at “happy family” gatherings?
♥ do you have major abandonment or anger issues?
♥ are you trying too hard to be happy and “perfect”?
if you answer most of the above questions with yes, you could suffer from “missing mother syndrome“.
please read the disclaimer before exploring this website.
 
hello, my name is carna zacharias-miller. i am a certified advanced eft practitioner (since 2004) and a certified eft master practitioner (silvia hartmann). i work with people who grew up in incomplete or dysfunctional families and want to feel better about themselves and their lives.

i know what you are going through: i grew up with a missing mother myself. however, this site is not a place to share or analyze pain; instead, i facilitate going beyond the deep wounds of the past that keep women and men who experienced childhood rejection or abandonment by their mothers from living a fulfilled life in the present.
►do you want to heal your heart?
►are you longing for peace of mind and emotional balance in your life?
►would you like to let go of haunting memories?
►are you envisioning better relationships and doing the work you love?
start here, start now to release the emotional stress that keeps you locked in the painful past.
my primary tool for overcoming childhood pains is called eft (emotional freedom techniques), also called “tapping” which is a form of mindful acupressure. if you don’t have a clue what eft is, i will teach you the basics within ten minutes. it helps release many negative emotions fast, no matter how old they are. sessions can easily be done over the phone. i have worked with hundreds of clients for the last fifteen years.
 what is eft?
using eft (“tapping”) can help:

gain awareness where your present, often chronic emotional discomfort comes from
experience overall emotional, and often physical relief
get new, sometimes astonishing insights
develop your spiritual understanding, discover the deeper meaning of your challenges
feel better about yourself, more compassionate, more “worthy”
improve your relationships in the present
change your attraction point for future experiences
take inspired action in your work life
solve long-standing problems
release haunting childhood and other memories
feel overall lighter, happier and more peaceful

please e-mail me for a free consultation.
e-mail: carnazm@msn.com in tucson, arizona
are you a reader or writer of healing stories?
visit my website

http://www.healingstorylibrary.com
e-book by carna zacharias-miller
sacred quest for love: the way of the ugly duckling
a reflection on the spiritual meaning of this fairy tale
click on the picture for more information and to buy. only $2.99. you don’t need a kindle to read it. 

“finally! insight and guidance for those of us who want to unlock the deeper spiritual wisdom that so-called fairy tales so richly embody. this book resonated with me on so many levels – both personal (as one of the myriads who comes from a more or less dysfunctional family) and professional (work as a therapist and life coach).”  laura moberg
“what a great book! i had no idea what to expect from a book about “the way of the ugly duckling”… what a wonderful surprise! it’s a truly insightful book about spiritual truth and divine love.”
pritchard digital arts
“with a combination of spiritual awareness and common sense, carna weaves the story of the ugly duckling into one of joy and self-acceptance. i definitely see me in the ugly duckling and me in the duckling’s deliverance. i highly recommend this book to all searchers.” marsha sheiness
 
find my personal page on facebook
 






subscribe to my blog enter your email address:delivered by feedburner
 subscribe in a reader
please contact me for a free consultation carnazm@msn.com
in arizona
free ebook 



carna’s recent posts


new website, new blog


finding inner peace in difficult times


feeling miserable on valentine’s day


do you feel like an ugly duckling?


new book by carna coming soon/eft script


categories

eft articles

emotions, emotions

for caregivers

missing mother

my books

news

spirituality

the absent father


free eft manual 

download a free 44 page eft manual
 
 









copyright ©  2025 | missing mother | privacy policy | website by healthhosts















