







first coast weddings and events - jacksonville florida wedding planner











































































                packages
              



                real weddings
              



                about us
              



                testimonials
              



                faqs
              



                blog
              



                contact us
              













                packages
              



                real weddings
              



                about us
              



                testimonials
              



                faqs
              



                blog
              



                contact us
              
































































































































 jacksonville florida wedding plannerswedding planning and wedding coordinatingjacksonville  |  ponte vedra beach  |  amelia island  |  st. augustine  |  palm coast















do i need a wedding planner?we may be a little biased, but we think so! just as you trust a mechanic to fix your car or an accountant to handle your taxes, a wedding planner is your expert guide to help you navigate the ins and outs of planning your wedding. most couples have not worked with a professional event planner before, so you may have questions about how it all works. we offer three main packages that you can read about below.











 











wedding and event planningfrom selecting the venue to choosing the smallest details, we will guide you through the planning process to make your wedding one of a kind. we will oversee all aspects of the wedding, including selection of wedding professionals, creating a cohesive design, and orchestrating the wedding day. we offer both partial and full wedding planning packages, and all of our packages are customizable.  

 

wedding managementwedding management (sometimes called "day of coordination") allows you to plan everything on your own, but we'll take the reins the month of the wedding so you can relax and have fun!   our team will oversee the logistics for the wedding day, including timeline creation, rehearsal coordination, and orchestrating the wedding day. all packages also include our client portal to help you with planning all the details!











 


    learn more
  















what clients are saying






testimonials-blog





















heather randall and the first coast weddings team did an exceptional job planning our wedding! from the beginning planning phases to our wedding day, heather’s attention to every detail was outstanding. as an out-of-state bride, heather’s vendor recommendations were top-notch; she put my mind at ease, knowing that she and her team were my local “boots on the grounds”, interacting with all our jacksonville-area vendors. our wedding day was everything we could have ever imagined, and so much more; simply put, it was magical! thank you, heather and first coast weddings!— amy






















we cannot recommend first coast enough!! we had the pleasure of working with laura, and she was incredible. from the moment we decided to work together, she made sure i had everything i needed including details that hadn't even crossed my mind. during the wedding, i knew i could count on her excited smiles and "do you need anything"s. she gave me my peace on one of the best, most chaotic days of my life and that is more than i could have asked for. thank you so so much!—helen






















completely worth it! i was very hesitant to get a day of coordinator and i would completely recommend one if you are debating it. i reached out to first coast 45 days before my wedding and it was absolutely worth every penny. heather and laura were fantastic and took all of the pressure and planning off of me and my family the day of the wedding. they were very easy to reach if i needed them and communicated multiple times to make sure everything went the way that i wanted it. thank you again, i couldn't imagine my wedding without your help.— brooke






















laura - this thank you is long overdue. i cannot overstate how important you were to caroline and brad's wedding day. you were wonderful to work with in the weeks leading up to the big day, and even more outstanding that weekend. your management of all the details was perfect and your calm presence kept us all on track. i truly did not worry once through the entire wedding, which caroline can assure you is a modern miracle. thank you, thank you, for your large part in creating a wonderful joy-filled day for my whole family!— catherine






















thank you so much for the thoughtful ring dish, and for making our day absolute perfection! we could not have dreamed of how flawlessly everything was orchestrated, and are beyond grateful to you.— morgan and nick






















heather did a wonderful job coordinating everything for the day of our wedding! i was not stressed leading up to our big day due to her flawless attention to detail and ability to manage anything that came up. she was efficient, timely and organized which is just what i needed to make me feel confident in allowing her to take the reins. if any mishaps came up on the day of our wedding i didn't know about it because she was there to take care of it :) our guests are still talking about how wonderful the wedding was down to the last detail and we are on cloud nine remembering the perfection of that day. i highly recommend first coast weddings and events for any bride and/or groom looking to make their day flow easily.  —nikki






















thank you so much for everything. it was the most flawless event and our guests can’t stop talking about every detail.  i’m so thankful for you!— elizabethi can’t thank you enough for all of your help with our wedding. we had the time of our lives! the best part was knowing you would handle any problem headed our way - i had a wedding without worry for sure!  — amanda






















i wanted to thank you for all of you amazing hard work and help during our wedding!! we could not have done it without you!! thank you so much again for all of your help and direction- we truly appreciate it!!  — alex and kyleyou were such an amazing planner! all we talked about was how organized, professional you were throughout this entire process. i couldn’t have done this without you. thanks again!— marta and michael






















heather, thank you so much for planning our perfect night! with the bride in dc and the groom in boston and the wedding in jax, it would have been impossible for us if you weren't there. so many things could of gone wrong but it all went so smoothly and stress free!! everyone is amazed and had a great time!!  — sharon and sean



















  first coast weddings and events


















we’d love to hear about your wedding or event!




    click here to get in touch
  














connect with us on instagram @firstcoastwedd





















 

























back to top
first coast weddings and events, inc., 13720 old st augustine rd ste 8-155, jacksonville, fl 32258, united states904-739-8003hello@firstcoastweddings.com


first coast weddings and eventswedding planning and coordinatingjacksonville  |  ponte vedra beach  |  amelia island  |  st. augustine  |  palm coastcontact us: call/text (904) 739-8003 or email hello@firstcoastweddings.com





























   first coast weddings and events






 

site photo creditsbrooke images, ivey pictures, brittany bishop photography, wiler weddings, life and love studio, stephanie rhea photography, kati rosado photography, grapefruit photo, fox fotography, stout studios, kati rosado photography, angelita esparar photography, west house photography, stephanie rhea photographycopyright © 2002-2025 | all rights reserved | view our privacy policy

















cart (0)







