








butler motorcycle mug holders #1 best motorcycle cup holders
















































































 
















(512) 768-3908
butler@glassact.com



0 items
 












home
about

about us
faq page
using metal tumblers
installation
gallery
privacy policy
terms of service


driver

standard driver
hybrid butler driver
deluxe butler driver
python driver
canam spyder driver
bmw k1200lt driver
3 piece driver bracket


passenger

standard passenger
nar passenger
hd passenger
canam spyder passenger
3 piece passenger bracket


other

standard atv set
python atv set
side-by-side atv set
universal set


parts

3 piece driver bracket
3 piece passenger bracket
hybrid p-shaped mounting bracket
butler extreme handle
butler metal tumbler kit
conversion kits
conversion kit for spyder
compression rings
extreme mugs
extreme lids – single
extreme lids – 6 pack


contact
view cart
 


select page


  
 
 















new deluxe butler driver set for 2018 & later honda goldwingthe deluxe butler motorcycle mug holders driver set is the best choice for 2018 and later honda goldwing. it features a machined aluminum bracket (everything except for the mug and ring) for maximum rigidity and minimum overall size.
order page









new hybrid butler driver set for 2018-2019 honda goldwingthe hybrid butler motorcycle mug holders driver set is a new butler product that was developed to allow the use of the standard butler motorcycle mug holders on the new 2018 and later honda goldwing.
order page









new butler mounting bracket for 2018 and later honda goldwingif you already have a standard butler driver set then all you need to purchase is the new “p” shaped driver mount in order to use your butler on the 2018 or later honda goldwing.
order page









the new butler extreme handlethis is our latest new product. fits the popular 30 ounce stainless steel tumblers made by yeti and ozark trail. there are many handles around for these tumblers but none that meet the shape or ruggedness standards required to maximize the butler experience.
order page









butler standard passenger setthe butler motorcycle mug holders standard passenger set mounts under the aftermarket armrest on such brand names as kuryakyn, big bike, markland, ama, show chrome and other brands on the market. this set comes with everything you need to mount it on your armrests.
order page









butler nar passenger setit is no longer necessary to go out and purchase an armrest just to install the butler passenger mug holder on your gl1800 or gl1500 gold wing motorcycle. the butler motorcycle mug holders nar passenger set includes the machined aluminum bracket with bengal silver powder coating plus a u.v. protective clear coat.
order page









butler harley davidson passenger setwe now offer the butler motorcycle mug holders hd passenger set which is specifically designed for the harley-davidson ultra classic or electra glide. the butler bracket mounts firmly to the side speaker housing on these bikes.
order page













butler – the extreme mug holding system by glass act
best motorcycle mug holders – drink holders – cup holders – beverage holders
your best choice for motorcycles, atv, boats & power sports





looking for cup holders, drink holders, or mug holders? the butler mug holding system by glass act is best choice for motorcycles & other power sports. the butler motorcycle mug holders are famous with touring bike riders. there are countless cup holders, drink holders and mug holders on the market but none like the patented butler mug holding system by glass act. the butler mug holding system is the most popular choice for motorcycles, atv, boats and other power sports applications. our unique patented design was developed in the early 90’s by glass act, a texas company that specializes in precision machining work. originally butler motorcycle mug holders were designed for motorcycles. the butler mug holding system product line has grown over the last twenty years to include many more applications.

the various types of bracketing available for the butler mug holding system exist only to provide mounting capability for the different types of vehicles that would be considered for using the device. butler bracketing has to be strong enough so that the wedging effect of the ring is preserved and still allow for the easy use of the mug. motorcycles, atvs, rvs, boats, trucks, tractors, trains, planes, road working, and farm vehicles have all used this system successfully. 

this is the place to get the original butler motorcycle mug holders. we offer factory direct butler driver sets for motorcycles, butler passenger sets for motorcycles, and butler sets for atv and other applications. besides offering butler mug holding system sets for many applications, a full selection of butler parts and accessories is available to allow owners to switch out sizes and to replace lost mugs, lids and straws.











mug holders for yeti & ozark trail

the butler system (including all butler motorcycle mug holders) can now be used with the popular 30 ounce stainless steel tumblers made by yeti and ozark trail. the 20 ounce ‘original butler lid’ setup with straw and straw caps is designed to fit perfectly on these 30 ounce tumblers. these stainless steel tumblers fit perfectly in the standard butler 20 ounce compression ring. you can order just the butler extreme handle or the butler metal tumbler kit that includes the butler extreme handle, a 20 oz. butler extreme lid, the straw and two straw vent caps.

butler extreme handle

butler metal tumbler kit

more information







new butler designs for the 2018 and later honda goldwing

three (3) ways the butler motorcycle mug holders can now be used with the 2018 and later honda goldwing. (1) if you already own a butler motorcycle mug holders driver set you can just order the new p-shaped mounting bracket. (2) you can order the new hybrid butler driver set which is the standard butler motorcycle mug holders driver set with the new p-shaped mounting bracket, or (3) you can order the new deluxe butler driver set featuring a completely aluminum machined butler bracket (everything except for the mug and ring) for maximum rigidity and minimum overall size. 

hybrid p-shaped mounting bracket

hybrid butler driver set

deluxe butler driver set











butler motorcycle mug holders driver sets








standard driver set
the butler standard driver set is the original handlebar unit. it is designed to mount on either the left or right side using the two-bolt factory saddle clamp (with longer bolts supplied). this design is made to fit on most bikes such as hondas, harleys, yamahas, suzuki’s and many more. 








hybrid driver set
the hybrid butler driver set is a new butler product that was developed to allow the use of the standard driver butler on the new 2018 and later honda goldwing. 








deluxe driver set
the deluxe driver set is the best choice for 2018 and later honda goldwing. it features a machined aluminum bracket (everything except for the mug and ring) for maximum rigidity and minimum overall size. 








python driver set
the butler python driver set is the best choice for harley’s, victory’s and other cruisers. it is a newer development and will do everything that the butler standard driver set will and more. it is compact and very strong. it is machined aluminum that is black powder coated. 










canam spyder driver set
the butler canam spyder driver set is specifically designed to be used on the canam spyder rt and st series. spyder riders have been waiting for years for this and it is finally here and was well worth the wait. note – for the canam spyder f3 or the canam spyder rs you should order the butler python driver set. 








bmw k1200lt driver set
after a long wait, the butler bmw k1200lt driver set is now ready! this is the best, most solid, and long-lasting mounting method and this mounting method places the butler in the right place. 








3-piece driver bracket
if you already have a butler mug holder on one of your bikes and would like to have one on a second bike, all you need is this 3 piece driver bracket. with this, you can switch your compression ring and mug from one bike to the other with ease. either size ring and mug can be used with this bracket.








butler motorcycle mug holders passenger sets








butler standard passenger set
the butler standard passenger set mounts under the aftermarket armrest on such brand names as kuryakyn, big bike, markland, ama, show chrome and other brands on the market. this set comes with everything you need to mount it on your armrests. 








butler no arm rests passenger set
it is no longer necessary to go out and purchase an armrest just to install the butler passenger mug holder on your gl1800 or gl1500 gold wing motorcycle. the butler nar passenger set includes the machined aluminum bracket with bengal silver powder coating plus a u.v. protective clear coat. 








butler harley davidson passenger set
we now offer the butler hd passenger set which is specifically designed for the harley-davidson ultra classic or electra glide. the butler bracket mounts firmly to the side speaker housing on these bikes. 








butler canam spyder passenger set
this butler canam spyder passenger set is designed to be used on the can am spyder rt and st. it mounts on the passenger grab handle on the right side of the motorcycle with plenty of clearance above the saddlebag. it is made of machined 6061 aluminum and black powder coated. 







butler mug holder sets for other applications and accessories








butler standard atv set
the butler standard atv set is designed to mount to your atv handlebars on the left or right side using the existing two-bolt clutch/ brake clamp (with longer bolts supplied). 








butler python atv set
the butler python atv set is the best choice for your all terrain vehicle (atv). it is a newer development and will do everything that the butler standard atv set will and more. it is machined aluminum that is black powder coated. 








butler side-by-side atv set
the butler side-by-side atv set is designed to mount on the protective, 2” diameter bar, that forms the roll over protection system on your side-by-side atv. it is machined from 6061 aluminum and black powder coated. 








butler universal set for other applications
the butler universal set is is the best choice for boats, jet skis, recreational vehicles (rv), trucks, road working vehicles, farm vehicles, riding lawnmowers and just about any other kind of vehicle. the unit mounts on a strong flat reasonably vertical mounting surface. 










parts and accessories
replacement parts and accessories are available for your butler mug holder system. please contact us if you don’t see what you need or if you have any questions.



































they can’t be beati bought a butler in 2004 for my gl1800. i had never had a holder before. i thought it worked great but did not have anything to compare it to. after an accident on the bike my butler was destroyed. when i bought my new gl1800 (2005), i purchased one of those fold-up compact drink holders. now, i know the difference. the fold up holder just does not hold drinks without letting them fall. six months later i could not take it anymore and purchased another butler.they can’t be beat.dee herron, baton rouge, lawe love the conveniencewe have used the butler since 2001. we love the convenience of having a cold drink on hot days and not having to worry about loosing the cup, because the holder is perfect.kim & karen ruzicka, co i love it and would not ride without itmike and rita are awesome and the butler speaks for itself. i love it and would not ride without it, summer or not – all my riding buddies are convinced – you will not be disappointed.peach & fuzz, va very pleasedwe have had butlers since 1998. we ride a cavalcade with a few others and all of us have them. the ice lasts a while, and they never blow off. we upgraded to the newer ones and are very pleased. good job.jeff & jenny nestorvery best mug to use on the roadthe very best mug to use on the road. i’ve bought both sizes and use the large one on the bike and the small one in the car. the vines (mike & rita) really stand behind their mugs and give excellent customer service and satisfaction.tandy collins, tngreat service from great peoplei bought my butler in 1999 and have had excellent service from it. i have had a butler on my last 3 goldwings and really like it. i have purchased extra mugs for both my wife’s and mine. great service from great people.pat hasiak, dale city, vawould certainly buy them againhad the large front and rear. works great 2 years now. would certainly buy them again!david d., knoxville, tnthey work better than any other mug or cup holder on the marketwe purchased both a driver set and a passenger set for our goldwing. we love them. they work better than any other mug or cup holder on the market. they look great too. other riders are always asking where we got them. i’m so glad that you have the online store and friends don’y have to wait for a rally to buy them.steve & nancy green, txi’ve never taken it offi bought my butler in 2003. i’ve never taken it off. if i don’t have pop or coffee or water in it, i put sunglasses or cell phone in it to keep things handy.mick mccoy, marysville, ohevery time we get the goldwing out, our butlers go with uswe bought our butlers in 2000 and love them. we have owned several other brands of mugs and holders and got rid of all of them for various reasons. every time we get the goldwing out, our butlers go with us. the greatest part is even when your mug is empty, the mug won’t blow out of the holder.gary & sharon fisher, ksworks greati have used the butler for over five years. it is great and works great. it keeps cool drinks cold and hot drinks hot. i know that when i reach for my cup it is always right there ready to be drank from.gwen hart & tom hart, tx i wouldn’t leave without iti purchased the butler for my ’94 wing and then transferred it to the ’03. i wouldn’t leave without it. great product. thanks.j. moore, lenoir city, tnwould not go anywhere without themwe love our butlers and use them for cold drinks and coffee in the morning. would not go anywhere without them.cordell & pat tolliver, middlesboro, kythe butler is greatthe butler is great. once i dropped mine. when i went back for it, it was still in great shape.walt nestora great product that will lasti have used the butler over thousands of riding miles. a great product that will last! i would recommend this product to every motorcycle rider.j. edens, gray, tnone of the best investments you can put on your bikethe butler is one of the best investments you can put on your bike. i’ve had mine since 2001 and it’s been on 3 bikes now. i wouldn’t use any other kind of cup on my bike. it stays right where i put it and is still easy to remove; my drinks stay cool all day.don watson, mian absolute ‘must’ for driving around in this 104 to 110 degree heati bought a large butler cup and holder for my 2006 gold wing and i love it. i did what you suggested about putting about a foot or so of 3/8 inch clear tubing on the end of the straw so i can use it with my full face helmet. it works perfectly! an absolute ‘must’ for driving around in this 104 to 110 degree heat. after four hours on one of my trips the cup still had ice cubes in it!larry ruizwhen i ride, my butler is with mewhen i ride, my butler is with me. it’s as advertised. service is great. i highly recommend the product.wes edens, johnson city, tnthe best thing that i have ever had installedthe butler motorcycle mug holder is the best thing that i have ever had installed on my goldwing. i highly recommend this product for anybody who rides. thanks.cassie willman, nc the butler has worked perfectlythe butler has worked perfectly for my co-rider and me. it keeps cold beverages cold and hot beverages hot for hours.marty leake, prince william co, va 









the extreme mug holding system 


order your butler through our online factory store today and we will get it shipped out to you right away. if you have any questions or prefer to order over the phone, give us a call. 

contact us








glass act 


manufacturer of thebutler mug holding system 

336 county rd. 3795lampasas, tx 76550(281) 851-8627 (phone)
email: butler@glassact.com









business website design by wizardswebs design



 









copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved - wizardswebs design llc |  links



follow



 


































































































