




































    
    tar heel companies | housing, commercial spage and apartments for rent
  
  













               


 (919) 851-6665


       home



  about us



  available homes



  residents


   overview



  online portal





  residential


   properties



  forest park apartments



  urban terrace apartments



  graceland court townhouses



  royal oaks townhouses





  contact us



  commercial











    
 





       
committed to quality housing and outstanding service


   available properties view our available rental properties and submit an application quickly and easily.   

learn more


 maintenance requests you are able to submit maintenance requests directly through your tenant portal.   

learn more




   life is better here… because we own the properties we manage! 
in this day of huge multi-national corporations, the tar heel companies is a family owned business proudly located right here in north carolina. we serve the families of this great state with quality housing and dependable service. some say “the tar heel companies take care of you like they own the property.” fact is, in most cases we do. we eliminate the middle man which saves you money and allows us to respond to your needs much faster. tired of waiting when you need something done? move in where things are better and find out what hometown service is all about!choose from apartment communities, condominiums, houses, townhouses, duplexes, or triplexes with locations in raleigh, cary, and garner.most apartments include:    24 hour emergency maintenance servicemajor applianceshi-speed wireless internetcentral heat/air
 washer/dryer connectionsfenced back yardoutside storage


call one of our leasing agents today and discover how great north carolina living can be.






      the tar heel companies of north carolina, inc 7424 chapel hill rdraleigh, nc 27607t: (919) 851-6665f: (919) 851-2905     


  





    online portal
 log in
|
sign up







   sitemap © 2022 all rights reserved. the tar heel companies of north carolina, inc.
 


















































































































  
  share by:





 
 




