



  



bill dedman contact info, bio, portfolio of reporting and writing



























a portfolio of journalism by bill dedman



menu

home
about
portfolio
video
archive
contact







bill dedman appeared on the daily show with jon stewart. 'it's one of those incredible stories you didn't know existed,' stewart said. 'it filled a void.'












about


bill dedman is a pulitzer and peabody award-winning investigative journalist, and author of the new york times no. 1 bestselling biography empty mansions. he has worked in online news, video, newspapers, television, and magazines.
bill received the 1989 pulitzer prize in investigative reporting for the color of money, his series of articles in the atlanta journal-constitution on racial discrimination by mortgage lenders in middle-income black neighborhoods. the color of money was an influential early example of the power of using computers to gather and analyze public records, combined with shoe-leather reporting to demonstrate how a segregated mortgage market was maintained. the color of money led to expanded federal laws on disclosure of loan data, new financing for middle-income homebuyers, and greater awareness of systemic discrimination. the color of money is online at powerreporting.com/color.
thirty years later, bill was one of four lead reporters on newsday's undercover investigation of racial steering by real estate agents, long island divided. the investigation, published in november 2019, revealed that long island’s dominant residential real estate brokerages help reinforce racial segregation through illegal steering of customers. long island divided led to a reckoning in the real estate industry, with new national training for agents, more testing of brokerages, and new state laws on fair housing. newsday's team received several national awards for their work, including peabody, polk, and murrow awards. long island divided and its 40-minute documentary film, testing the divide, are online at newsday.com/divided.
in eight years with nbc news, reporting online for nbcnews.com, bill uncovered stories on the pentagon's slow efforts to identify servicemen and women killed in past wars, the military police officers who tried to stop coercive interrogations of detainees at guantanamo, fatal problems with firefighter safety equipment, uninspected highway bridges, the obama administration's hidden visitor logs, an effort by the clinton administration to hide hillary clinton's college thesis, and lessons learned from studies of school shootings.
bill stumbled onto the mystery of the reclusive heiress huguette clark and her father, the gilded age industrialist who founded las vegas. bill's series of reports on the clarks was the most popular story ever on nbcnews.com, with more than 110 million page views. what began as a slideshow and feature story developed into an investigative series, a running daily competitive story, a full-length biography, and now is being developed as a hollywood film or tv series.
he co-wrote with huguette clark's cousin, paul clark newell, jr., the biography empty mansions: the mysterious life of huguette clark and the spending of a great american fortune. the book debuted at no. 1 on the new york times best seller list and was chosen among the best books of 2013 by critic janet maslin, amazon, barnes & noble, and the readers at goodreads. hbo is developing a series based on empty mansions. see more at emptymansionsbook.com.
bill got his start in journalism at 16 as a copy boy at the chattanooga times. he attended, but did not graduate from, washington university in st. louis, where he wrote for the newspaper student life and worked part time at the st. louis post-dispatch. bill has written for the washington post, the new york times, and the boston globe, and was the first director of computer-assisted reporting for the associated press. bill has received national journalism awards for online reporting, creative use of interactive tools, deadline reporting, public service, and feature writing. he has taught advanced reporting part time at the university of maryland, northwestern university, boston university, and stony brook university, and served for six years on the board of directors of investigative reporters and editors.







portfolio






long island divided: a newsday investigation uncovered widespread evidence of unequal treatment by real estate agents on long island. with the documentary film testing the divide. by a large team of journalists as well as citizens equipped with hidden cameras. in fully 40 percent of the tests, brokers subjected minority testers to disparate treatment when compared with white testers.





the color of money: home mortgage lending practices discriminate against blacks: the pulitzer prize-winning series in bill kovach's atlanta journal-constitution on racial discrimination by mortgage lenders in middle-income neighborhoods, with follow-up articles





empty mansions: the mysterious life of huguette clark and the spending of a great american fortune, a biography, no. 1 new york times best seller, written with paul clark newell, jr.





speed trap: who gets a ticket, who gets a break? race, sex and age drive ticketing; minorities and men least likely to get a break, the boston globe, first of a series, with francie latour





speed trap: punishment varies by town and officer, the boston globe, second of a series, with francie latour





speed trap: troopers fair, tough in traffic encounters, the boston globe, third of a series, with francie latour





pentagon unit held 'phony' ceremonies for mias, using planes that can't fly, nbc news





pentagon agency under fire for refusing to id unknown world war ii soldiers, nbc news





foul balls and fan safety: ticket demand is high, but are new fenway seats worth risk?, the boston globe





flaws in firefighters' last line of defense: u.s. waited 5 years to heed expert's warning on 'man down' alarms, nbc news, first of a series





video: flaws in firefighters' last line of defense: u.s. waited 5 years to heed expert's warning on 'man down' alarms, nbc news





cdc's fire investigation unit: the 'no go team': agency that examines firefighter deaths typically arrives 33 days later, nbc news, second of a series





gitmo interrogations spark battle over tactics: the investigators who tried to stop abuse, nbc news, first of a series





can the '20th hijacker' of sept. 11 stand trial?: aggressive interrogations at guantanamo may prevent his prosecution, nbc news, second of a series





!--portfolio item-->


deadly delays: the decline of fire response, boston globe series





deadly lessons: school shooters tell why, chicago sun-times, series





secret service challenges assassin stereotypes, the new york times





memo warns against use of profiling in national defense, the boston globe





an investigative thread: what hasn't gotten attention is that some of the respirator masks, which government agencies have been bidding against each other to buy during the coronavirus crisis, started out as government property. just one tiny hotspot in a global pandemic of inefficiency.





a nostalgic celebration in glenn's town, the new york times





wind, flames, our fathers: breezy point's terrible night, nbc news





why taxpayers will bail out the rich when the next storm hits, nbc news





meet the flood insurance 'robin hood' who saves condo owners millions, nbc news





fbi investigates fema flood map changes after nbc news report, nbc news





newsroom diversity has passed its peak at most newspapers, study shows; report for the knight foundation shows trends at 1,410 us newspapers, knight foundation, with stephen k. doig





video: steakhouse knives pose security risk at jfk, news 12 networks, television version





port authority yanks knives from jfk eateries inside security checkpoint, newsday, print version





u.s. nuclear agency hid concerns, hailed safety record as fukushima melted, nbc news





what are the odds? u.s. nuke plants ranked by quake risk: so much for san andreas: reactors in east, midwest, south have highest chance of damage, nbc news





nuclear neighbors: population rises near us reactors: map of census data shows 17 percent increase in residents within 10 miles in a decade, nbc news





journalists dole out cash to politicians (quietly): news organizations diverge on handling of political activism by staff, nbc news





late inspections of bridges put travelers at risk: at least 17,000 spans didn't get a two-year checkup, nbc news, first of a series





feds let states delay inspection of bad bridges: loophole allows infrequent checkups for spans in poor condition, nbc news, second of a series





reading hillary rodham's hidden thesis: clinton white house asked wellesley college to close off access, nbc news





how the clintons wrapped up hillary's thesis: 'a stupid political decision,' says her former wellesley poli-sci professor, nbc news





a scandal's road kill undergoes an autopsy, the new york times





fan snaring no. 62 faces big tax bite, the new york times





sosa matches mcgwire with homers 61 and 62, the new york times





new anti-terror weapon: hand-held lie detector, nbc news. red means you're lying?





years of defiance: roots of stallings's rebellion, the washington post, first of a series with laura sessions stepp





concerns about stallings's lifestyle fueled conflict, the washington post, second of a series with laura sessions stepp





stallings builds a black church far from rome, the washington post, third of a series with laura sessions stepp





march clears out prostitution zone; d.c. police criticized after ordering women to walk to va. line, the washington post, with jeffrey goldberg





prostitution zone march becomes a thorn for d.c., the washington post, with jeffrey goldberg





who tipped the miami herald about donna rice? rice points to a friend as tipster; fellow model fits profile of caller in hart scandal, the atlanta journal-constitution





a rare interview with jack lupton, the coca-cola bottler and philanthropist: jack lupton talks about a city and its destiny, the chattanooga times





barry a secret investor in nantucket real estate deal; partnership headed by d.c. developer, the washington post, with sharon lafraniere





developer cohen plays for high stakes with 2 d.c. projects, the washington post





survivors of flood learned fear, faith and real friendship, the atlanta journal-constitution





as river recedes, searchers find the bodies of its victims, the atlanta journal-constitution





gay marriage: survey finds women in majority, the boston globe, with scott s. greenberger





both sides from the inside, mother jones





the clarks: an american story of wealth, scandal and mystery, nbc news, series





donald trump, ex-cops joined on stage by felon from long island, newsday





superintendent julia earl's texas trips cost city, nashua telegraph, with michael brindley, series





picking the pulitzers: inside the jury room, columbia journalism review







video






flaws in firefighters' last line of defense: u.s. waited 5 years to heed expert's warning on 'man down' alarms, nbc news, february 5, 2007





testing the divide, the documentary film version of long island divided, a newsday investigation uncovered widespread evidence of unequal treatment by real estate agents on long island. by a large team of journalists as well as citizens equipped with hidden cameras. in 40 percent of the tests, brokers subjected minority testers to disparate treatment when compared with white testers.





rescuing children in haiti, photographed and edited by david friedman. after the earthquake in haiti in january 2010, david and i were embedded with members of a church group from allentown, pennsylvania, as they took care of children at an orphanage in port-au-prince. we published daily blog updates from the courtyard of their damaged orphanage as they searched for a new home.





bill dedman appeared on the daily show with jon stewart on september 10, 2013. 'it's one of those incredible stories you didn't know existed,' stewart said. 'it filled a void.'





presentation by bill dedman at the santa barbara historical museum on updates to the empty mansions story at the opening of huguette clark's art exhibition





nbc's the today show featured empty mansions, finding it 'a fascinating story.' co-authors paul clark newell, jr., and bill dedman were interviewed by correspondent erica hill.





from c-span's book tv: co-authors bill dedman and paul newell talked about their book, empty mansions: the mysterious life of huguette clark and the spending of a great american fortune, at the tucson festival of books.





bill dedman spoke about empty mansions at the gaithersburg book festival, from c-span's book tv.





the wall street journal's wendy bounds interviewed bill dedman about the clark estate contest and included a bit of huguette clark's voice, from her conversations with her cousin, author paul clark newell, jr.





bill dedman was interviewed on the a list with alison lebovitz on chattanooga's pbs station, wtci. this was a chance for bill to visit his high school, the baylor school, and to discuss his teachers, his career, and empty mansions.





bill dedman was a guest of rafael pi roman to discuss empty mansions on metrofocus from channel thirteen in new york city.





tv santa barbara explored the future of bellosguardo, the clark summer home.





a radio interview with bill dedman about the color of money for the centennial of the pulitzer prizes, from georgia public radio's adam ragusea.





training on fair housing lessons learned from the long island divided investigation of steering by real estate agents, presented by bill dedman to the long island board of realtors in june 2022.





steakhouse knives pose security risk at jfk, news 12 networks, television version, november 25, 2014









archive



materials from early classes in data journalism:

web search tutorial
newsroom treasure hunt
guidelines for internet use in newsrooms
managing computer-assisted reporting
sample data files for training
microsoft excel-driven charts on the home runs of sammy sosa and mark mcgwire









contact


reach out to bill dedman:
email | twitter | facebook | instagram
speaking and events: contact bill dedman to arrange an event with your group or book club.
rights inquiries for empty mansions: send an email to bill dedman.




copyright 2024. engineered with notepad.

















