






index







































southeastern antique radio society



made with xara


monthly meeting schedule - meetings are the second saturday of each month unless specified.
saturday, jan 18,        9 am  meeting delayed one week. one or two tube radios of any era.. 


breaking news !    sars now has a you-tube channel.   





spring swap meet details



 presentations archive - past meeting presentations


david sarnoff and his rca     an article by brian belanger


please visit their web site.


                                                         © southeastern antique radio society


see swap meet page for map to the fowler park recreation center.


our spring swap meet will be indoors again, april 26 2025 at 9 am.


the location is again, fowler park in forsyth county.


saturday, feb 8,         9 am  radio advertising, print ads, brochures, sinage, etc..


saturday, mar 8,        9 am  ww2 years, 1940 to 1949.


link to table payment - spring swap meet


link to the roswell adult recreation center:


map to the roswell adult recreation center:


new vintage sars  newsletters - discovered by aries 







paypal option- select number of tables to reserve

one table $15.00
two tables $30.00
three tables $45.00
four tables $60.00
 







viewing on a smartphone?   rotate your phone to “landscape” for best viewing.


join sars - complete contact information


southeastern antique radio society members are dedicated to the preservation 
and appreciation of antique radios.  our members have a wide array of interests 
which include collecting, historical research and the technical evolution of all forms 
of communications and broadcasting equipment.  many of our members are ham 
radio operators as well.  we are proud to be incorporated as a non-profit 
organization based in atlanta, georgia.  



detailed map to the swap meet at fowler park 


click here


printable copy


detailed map of fowler park itself.  inside the park.  click here   printable copy


     documents on fet replacements for ‘01a tubes and philco block capacitors on the tech talk page.





click here:


spring swapmeet, indoors, fowler park, april 26 2025 at 9 am


autumn swapmeet, outdoors, fowler park, october 11, 2025 @ 9 am at pavillion 1.


see the swapmeets page for details.


table payments may be made in advance:


click for postings of our meetings and presentations.


take a look at the site. if you missed the february meeting, be sure to watch the video and stay connected to our club.


sars calendar of events - see upcoming meetings, swap meets and more.


    new:


paul’s january presentation - the aa5 circuit and vacuum tube developments.


note: two documents on the ge telchon clock by aries:    clock 1       clock 2


great information for those repairing one of the telchron clocks


note: new article by jacob weinstein:


a message from our new president, lee baker






aries presented “rebuilding philco block capacitors”.































































































southeastern antique radio 
society



©  


made with xara


for smartphone viewing use landscape, not portrait.


turn your phone 90 degrees to view.



















home

contact us

tech-talk

about us

about us-a

about us-b

about us-c

swap meets

swap meets-d

swap meets-e

swap meets-f

swap meets-g

swap meets-h

photo gallery

member websites

audio files

favorite links

favorite links-a

favorite links-b

favorite links-c

favorite links-d

archive

archive-b

archive-c

webmaster

roddypearce












