


grf-tours-garden route, karoo and big five in south  africa!






















grf-tours.cape winelands,garden route,wellnesstours, namaqualand  and karoo in sunny south africa!





















home


" special package --fantastic experience--once in a lifetime trip!


your agent and tour operator/guide


book your accommodation now!


weingegend am kap. info in deutsch!


accommodation in stellenbosch and somerset west


tours no.1 day-tours


tour  no.2 -                        garden route and klein karoo


tour  no.3  --  r62-- klein  and  groot karoo --  fascinating  area!


tour no.4 - elephant tours!


tour no. 5 namaqualand - special for the month of aug./sept.!


tour no. 6. - wellness tours


contact me, the travel broker!


visitors book!


my blog!


links   to   other   places   in   the   world


we stay healthier with .................
















flying into cape town and view of table mountain !

























come on my daytours around cape town, click on picture!










to my website_travelhealthier







come to visit the rainbow nation!



















south   africa , at the tip   of   africa!



 















   my special touronce-in-a-lifetime
                                             tour!      click  on  picture!




chobe  safari  game  park



















very special sunset over the chobe river in botswana.







book scenic and adventurous tours  in this beautiful, sunny south africa (südafrika)book now for our  sunny summer from october 2017 until april 2018you can also
                                             do winter tours: whale and health tours and also flower tours in august/september 2017 to our
                                             beautiful namaqualand.this is when desert flowers bloom, in most amazing beauty!!!  




time for whales to see near cape town!



















hermanus --  one of the best places for whale watching, come on my daytours to see whales close by.



come to this beautiful country at the southern tip of africa, with its fantastic fauna and flora, beautiful mountains and 3,000km of scenic coastline with many beaches to choose from ---  it is well worth the trip!contact
                                             me for more info, bookings of any tour, accommodation, or just planning your holidays
                                             in sunny south africa! you can also book a special tour to madikwe, chobe and victoria falls!contact gudrun anderson-heinichen, details are given below: e-mail: gudrunholidays@gmail.com tel/fax:
                                             (+2721) 8511475   cell:+27837542493please give the following info in your email:1. dates of visit to south africa.2. number
                                             of people in your party, adults and children.3. accommodation needed?4. carhire needed?5. tours you want to do.6. your tel.no. so i can contact
                                             you if needed. 




gudrun is a member of cape town tourism





grf-tours is a member  of  cape town tourism! 















the argus cycle tour -- cape town peninsula



















cycle the argus around the most beautiful peninsula at cape town






new self-catering holiday unit!

























in a lovely garden setting!



somerset west accommodation? elephant walk is my own, self-catering unit in somerset west near cape town. click to see more
                                                photos of this unit.





come on a wellness tour in our winter.



















best time for wellness and wine is june to oktober.




email  gudrun for all your requirements on:gudrunholidays@gmail.com 





a very special trip for special travellers!



















click on picture to see details about  special  package to madikwe, chobe and vic.falls 




 my special touronce-in-a-lifetime                
                                                                         tour!click on the above photo for more details!

  grf-tours can also make bookingsfor you anywhere else in sunny south africa  eg.:drakensbergkruger parkzululandmadikwebotswananamibiachobevictoria falls  and more. 















come on a tour through nature and game reserves!



















tour operator / guide, gudrun anderson






flower tours to namaqualand - aug./sept. book now!



















click on flower for more info on my flower tours






blue flowerfields of namaqualand--helliophylias



















book now for august/september  to see these amazing flowerfields



western   cape   wine   
                                             routeslet me take you on the longest wineroute in the world. you will need morethan one day for it!





















wine  estate  with a  beautiful  setting!























good south african grapes make very good wine!






your tourguide is a member of cape town tourism!





























i can take you on a lovely garden route tour

























garden route  gardens and mountains!



garden route and klein karoo tour: a visit not to be missed. mountains, beaches, scenic drives.




the great karoo! amazing ancient history!

























come on a karoo tour - learn about dinosours, stars and friendly farmers and how they live!



klein and groot karoo (thirst land)--- known as route r62 - a fascinating area!




elephant special in sunny south africa

























tours to game parks and game lodges to experience  african elephants!



feel, feed and hug an african elephant--or visit our beautiful, malaria free, game parks in the west- and eastern cape to
                                                see the big five and many more beautiful animal species.




one of the big five!



















come and look at our lovely animals in sunny south africa















teagan on her first hike in the drakensberg



















we are children friendly. i love having children also on my tours.



if you need a vehicle during your stay in south africa then you can book it here..... first car rental, click to book now!

 if you need a vehicle during your stay in south africa then you can
                                                book it here..... first car rental, click to book now! 































































