



english hindi dictionary | अंग्रेज़ी हिन्दी शब्दकोश - shabdkosh



















































shabdkosh®








shabdkosh®





বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
हिन्दी
ಕನ್ನಡ
कोंकणी
മലയാളം
मराठी
नेपाली
ଓଡିଆ
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
संस्कृतम्
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
اردو














shabdkosh®

english and indian language dictionaries


























translate

scan

premium







the on-screen keyboard can be used to type english or indian language words.
the keyboard uses the iscii layout developed by the government of india. it is also used in windows, apple and other systems. there is a base layout, and an alternative layout when the shift key is pressed. if you have any questions about it, please contact us.








shabdkosh®






home



translate


scan


browse


vocabulary



classroom



games



word finder



proof reader



word of the day



quote of the day


premium


forums




liked words


log in




settings


light
dark
auto










advertisement









word of the dayhortatoryview dictionary result of hortatory »





quote of the day“that carpenter is not the best who makes more chips than all the rest.”a gutterman





subscribe to word and quote of the day








hindi














learn your language. know your words.
dictionary. translation. vocabulary.games. quotes. forums. and more...
















english and indian language dictionaries and apps
shabdkosh.com provides one of the world’s most popular english to indian language dictionary services. with easy to use interface, comprehensive database, and useful features such as voice pronunciations in multiple accents, we are devoted to ensure that indian language resources are as good as those for any other language in the world.
this site was started in 2003 and today, this site is used by millions of people from all over the world. it was here that world’s first indian language online dictionary was published with no fonts to install, and it was here that spoken pronunciations were made available in not just english, but many indian languages. and, the structure and the design of the site has been the basis and inspiration for many of the competitors too! 




achievements




0
years





0
languages




0
searches








word games
we have fun word games here and in the mobile app. please try and let us know how we can make them better!








spelling bee
hear the words in multiple accents and then enter the spelling. the games gets challenging as you succeed and gets easier if you find the words not so easy.



spelling bee









word guess
the game will show the clue or a hint to describe the word which you have to guess. it’s our way of making the classic hangman game!



word guess









antonym match
choose the right opposite word from a choice of four possible words. we have thousand of antonym words to play!


antonym match







play more games »






articles
comprehensive and detailed resources on topics related to languages, vocabulary, grammar, and more. 






punctuation rules
read these basic rules that would help improve you writing style and make it a little more formal.
read more »







shakespearean phrases that are used even today
learn these phrases and use them in your writings and while storytelling!
read more »







hindi - language vs dialect
language and dialect are difficult to understand. read this article to know what it means and understand them better. 
read more »










news


26 jan 2015
about shabdkosh language portal

since the beginning of shabdkosh website until today, our goal has been to create the best possible language reference resource that we can and ensure that indian languages have as good resources as are available for other leading international languages of the world. towards this goal, there have been several initiatives that were first developed and introduced by shabdkosh.com before arriving on some of the competing sites. some of these are as listed here.


10 oct 2023
new features - easier navigation and user inputs

shabkdosh.com is world’s leading dedicated indian languages portal, serving our users for twenty years now. recently, we have added two new features to improve the usability and usefulness of our dictionary services. 


30 jan 2023
vocabulary video challenge results
the vocabulary video challenge was our first contest that was open to all schools in india and it was really inspiring to see participation from all over india. thanks to all the students who participated, and to the parents and school teachers who supported this contest. we are happy to announce the results of this contest today!


        read more news
        





recent topics in language forums


forumtopic

englishinterstice  by joginder singh on 13 feb 2025
englishnot able to see suggestions during search  by ankit on 25 jan 2025
hindiचपरि  by jagannath kali on 08 jan 2025
hindilukewarm water  by abhay chhajed on 04 jan 2025
sanskrit"vajra varija"  by j s can on 21 dec 2024
englishkankai  by srini14603 on 15 dec 2024
englishadd its hindi meaning to the word.  by manan arora on 15 dec 2024
hindiलामबंद  by sanjay anand on 03 dec 2024
sanskritwhat is the meaning of abhitesh  by abhitesh mangotra on 23 nov 2024
sanskritsomething from sanskrit astrolabe (xvii-xviii century)  by aleksei s. vokhmianin on 10 nov 2024
englishmass in konkani  by vency on 23 oct 2024
hindiany suggestion about the meaning of: आतशबयां  and बेकरां  by ab2@oshogulaab.com on 19 oct 2024
englishhoow to say in conversation  by sajitha. j on 18 oct 2024
kannadalethargy  by nagesha h.s on 03 oct 2024
hindihindi meaning  by pritam singh chauhan on 29 sep 2024






advertisement




















advertisement







 back to top












shabdkosh®









social sign-in


sign in








email



password




remember me
forgot password? 
  


login
new user?






shabdkosh  premium

ad-free experience & much more

learn more


















shabdkosh



ad blocker detected!
if you want to access full services of shabdkosh.com
please help us by disabling your ad blockers.
or try our shabdkosh premium for ads free experience.
allow ads




                shabdkosh premium
              


steps to disable ads blockers.

click on ad blocker extension icon from browser's toolbar.
choose the option that disables or pauses ad blocker on this page.
refresh the page.


















language resources

vocabulary quiz


games


translate


word finder


scan


proof reader



support


about


help


contact



premium





get our apps




            english hindi dictionary on play store


english hindi dictionary on app store


windows hindi app





keep in touch









© 2025 shabdkosh.com, all rights reserved.
terms of use
privacy policy


31/0.1958/2




liked words




login to get your liked words.
login























settings





              theme
            
















              font size
            


a+
a-
default size





cancel
apply
















