







christian reformed campus ministry – at the university of toronto














































skip to content




christian reformed campus ministry

at the university of toronto



menu

primary menu

about

ministry staff
safe campus
wine before breakfast

wine before breakfast
books and resources


current christian chaplains working with uoft students


graduate christian fellowship

gcf weekly emails
directions and accessibility


programs

film, faith, and friends!
evening prayer


blog
support us











graduate christian fellowship 

a ministry of christian reformed campus ministry at u of t

what is graduate christian fellowship?
gcf is a program run by the christian reformed church’s campus ministry at the university of toronto for graduate students and other young professionals. 

there’s a “gcf kind of conversation.” honest, probing, safe, challenging, and deeply christian. a conversation that can go deep and tackle the big questions: faith and scholarship, prayer and scripture, relationships and community, vocation and calling.

gcf is a place of friendship and discipleship, struggling with the tough stuff, while still holding space for socializing, celebrating, and building community.

the following are other programs that we help facilitate: 




instagram

what to expect at a gcf gathering

dinner is at 6:15 and is followed by a conversation at 7 p.m. around various topics. dinner is two different types of soup (one is always vegetarian), bread, and some kind of dessert. please contact us ahead of time if you’re vegan, gluten-free, or have other food concerns). the topic for the conversation is announced ahead of time in the weekly emails (sign up here).
we start the conversation with a few announcements about upcoming events, transition into the rest of the evening with some opening words (land acknowledgement, lighting a candle, prayer and/or scripture reading), and then start the conversation with introducing ourselves and answering an opening question around the theme of the evening. the conversation is led by a member of the staff, one of the participants in the ministry, or an invited guest. conversations include bible study, topical discussion focused on academia, faith, and/or culture, as well as people telling their stories of their faith and academic/life journey.  click here for an overview of the semester.
there are usually anywhere between five to fifteen people present for dinner and/or the conversation. we are done by 9 p.m., and people are welcome to linger afterwards for conversation, tea, and snacks.


stay connected
sign up for our newsletter for updates about upcoming events and follow us on instagram for both  weekly updates and spiritual solace throughout the week. 
got questions? want to connect with someone before you give gcf a try? email brenda kronemeijer-heyink or carol scovil to connect.

instagram
facebook
mail
link









subsidiary sidebar



contact us 

instagram
facebook
mail
link

 47 queen's park cres. e toronto, on m5s 2c3

 directions and accessibility

in humility and gratitude, we acknowledge that the land on which we gather is traditional territory of the huron-wendat, haudenosaunee and anishinabek nations, and the mississaugas of the credit first nation.

support the ministry

safe campus






proudly powered by wordpress
·
			theme toivo lite by foxland 









