college of business administration




powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





news-purple






home


list-purple











computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white











jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




college of business administrationsearch
search
your pathto successyour pathto successapply nowrequest infoapply nowrequest info choose from 20+ programsexplore all programsexplore the collegevideo viewbookstart your pathundergraduate programstake the next stepschedule a visitcontinue your journeygraduate programs
introducing the herbel family school of accountancyvern and joan herbel’s generous gift has helped kansas state university establish the herbel family school of accountancy, advancing the future of accounting education. their support provides sustainable funding and strengthens the college’s strategic vision. longtime k-state advocates, the herbels have been dedicated supporters of the university since their graduation in the late 1970s.read more
 
u.s. news & world report 2025 best online programs #24 graduate business   |   #20 professional master of business administration    |   #17 veterans professional master of business administration   |   #21 undergraduate business degree learn more
 
connect with an advisorscholarships & aidget involvedstudy abroad
 
nationally aacsb accredited business & accounting programs“education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.” - malcom forbes98% job placement
 
 
alumni & corporate partnersare you an alumni or a corporate partner seeking to recruit college of business students?  visit these pages to learn about opportunities and reach out to our career development team.career developmentfor students, career development is all about selecting the right career, beginning to develop connection and finding just the right company for an internship or full-time position.  learn about opportunities from our career accelerator course, to career coaches, to executive mentors, all designed to help you find your clear path to success.executive mentor programexecutive mentors are  professionals who have already walked the path you are embarking on.  get matched with a mentor to help chart your course, whether you are an undergraduate student or in one of our graduate programs.
 




 
 

apply-white








chat-white





request-white



how to applyrequest infovisitcollege of business administrationcollege of business building 1301 lovers lane, manhattan, ks 66506-0121 785-532-6180 |  785-532-7216  fax | business@k-state.edu 
college of business building hours
monday – thursday: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
friday: 7 a.m. – 5 p.m.
sunday: noon – 10 p.m.
saturday: closed






contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 2/5/25

