












home - mississippi magazine














































































 
 







 





















food and entertaining
travel and adventure
weddings
can’t miss
best of

best of mississippi
best of mississippi weddings
best of mississippi travel


subscribe
 








select page


  
 



 



 
















toast of the townwalnut street in hattiesburg was transformed for kate mcelroy and jt blackwell’s wedding celebration.
subscribe today









mountainside magica mississippi couple’s fairy-tale wedding at the foot of the montana mountains
subscribe today









finding foreverabsence made the heart grow fonder for a mississippi bride and her texas groom.
subscribe today









a bit magnoliasubscribe to our free e-newsletter, “a bit magnolia.”
sign up today
















gumbo + potato salad
as winter settles in, enjoy a bayou born treat of gumbo with a side of potato salad.




cherubs and hearts
enjoy a special dinner with your valentine.




focaccia bread with strawberries
deliciously sweet pastry




muffins and breakfast rolls
enjoy great muffins and breakfast rolls during the cold winter months.




winter panzanella
lighten things up this winter with our winter panzanella.




fireside soups and sides
warm up this season with a piping hot bowl of comfort.




fun with fusion
unique cuisine creations begin with a mix of flavor and style.




winter chicken salad with hot honey dressing
cooler weather forecasts hearty salads for light and tasty meals. 




cocoa surprise meringues cookies
decadent dutch cocoa makes the holiday a bit sweeter.




creamy white lasagna soup with tomato garlic bread
this is a delicious soup to make in a crockpot when you are craving something cozy!




holiday cocktails
festive cocktails made with the essence of gingerbread




ooey, gooey good
caramel is the sweet treat of fall. 




cake mix cookies
treat santa, family, and friends with these delicious and easy cookies.




french onion soup
warm up this season with a piping hot bowl of comfort.




apple orchard flavor
apple season is upon us, and this versatile fruit can be sweet and savory.




french almond plum cake
this cake with its delicate perfume of almonds is rustic, yet elegant,




the frost is on the pumpkin
pumpkins are the fruits of fall, promising treats from savory to sweet. 




sweet taste of fall
there’s nothing better than the sugary goodness of a mississippi sweet potato.




apple dumplings
a nostalgic fall dessert




grits
this staple creates delectable and delicious sides and meals. 




hunting for a great tailgate
see more in our annual field guide. 




butterscotch bundt cake
a rich buttery cake perfect for fall! 




apple pie with salted caramel sauce
apple of my eye




back porch bites
healthy options for outdoor entertaining. 




mint to be enjoyed
savor the last days of summer with refreshing mint




sourdough lemon and blueberry pancakes
start your day with a stack of decadent pancakes!




simple sourdough
delicious, tangy, forgiving bread dough




family reunion favorites
summer is the perfect time to gather with family and share fellowship and fabulous food.




peach and pistachio salad
simple and scrumptious summer salad! 




sourdough croissants
bread bliss! 




strawberries and cream filled angel food cake
sweet, light and delicious!




boat party picnic
it doesn’t get any better than a picnic aboard a beautiful boat




get crabby
summertime is the perfect time for enjoying crab.




it’s a wrap
delicious wraps create cool bites during summertime heat




angel food churro bites with caramel kahlua sauce
an angelic confection




simple summer salads
fresh salads are quick and easy ways to enjoy a light meal.




delta gem cocktail
recipe courtesy of giardina’s restaurant




explore natchez
natchez is full of sights and sounds for creating long-lasting memories. 












vote now!






click to subscribe






























mississippimagazine













experience the magic of gulfport with our november


 





it’s that time of year again! we’re excited to






we’re feeling extra thankful for all our amazing






cozy up this season with a steaming bowl of emily 






step into the colorful christmas wonderland of tan


 





get ready to spread some holiday cheer with delici


 





the most wonderful time of the year is just around






the mississippi seawolves are bringing professiona






nothing compares to the breathtaking colors of fal






get into the holiday spirit with our november/dece






lost in the glow of the hub city ✨ #mismag






apple season is here! whether you love sweet treat


 





elvie’s is raising the bar in jackson’s cockta


 





pumpkins just got a chic makeover! transform ordin


 





our french almond plum cake, with its delicate per






step into a vintage halloween wonderland at andrea


 





in 2001, kelli and reau berry from columbus decide


 





pumpkins represent the essence of fall with their 


 





golden hour ✨ #mississippigardens #mismag (photo






researchers have found that the oysters in our sta



 


see more






 follow on instagram














followfollowfollowfollow



 







home page
customer service
contact us
frequently asked questions
where to purchase
subscribe
submit a story idea
advertising
become a retail location
change of address
single back issues
e-newsletter
 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 







 
 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website































































 


