
















































mathematics | college of liberal arts and sciences | the university of iowa









































    skip to main content
  






the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of liberal arts and sciences
          






            mathematics
          






search

submit search







search










site main navigation

undergraduate programsmajors, minors, and certificatesbachelor of arts in mathematicsbachelor of science in mathematicsminor in mathematicsprogram in traditional mathematicsprogram in secondary educationprogram in math-related specializationshonorsexperiential learningadvisingmath placementintroductory course sequencestransferring from engineering to mathawards and scholarshipscareers and opportunitiespoliciescourse policiesduplication, regression, and second-grade-only optiontutoringmath tutorial labgraduate programsdegrees and certificatesmaster of science in mathematicsdoctor of philosophy in mathematicsdoctor of philosophy in applied mathematical & computational sciencesadmissions processadvisingfundingcareers and opportunitiesawardskleinfeld endowmentresourcesgraduate student handbook (enrolled fall 2020 or later)graduate student handbook (enrolled prior to fall 2020)ta handbookphd qualifying and ms comprehensive exam archivesresearchresearch areasalgebraanalysisdifferential geometrydynamical systems and differential equationsfunctional analysis and operator theoryimaging and signal processingmathematical and computational biologymathematical physicsmathematics educationnumerical analysispartial differential equationsrepresentation and number theorytopologyapplied mathematical & computational sciences (amcs)books by mathematics facultypeoplefacultyvisiting facultyemeritus facultypostdoctoral researchersstaffgraduate studentsfaculty committeesaboutnewseventseventscolloquiaseminarssonia kovalevsky high school mathematics daymaclean halloutreach and public engagementalumniphd alumni by advisorphd alumni by yearclas alumni and friendsui alumni and friendscontact us

























 











        shape the future with mathematics
      


challenge yourself, conduct impactful research, and develop a versatile skill set for a successful career using mathematics.




                    apply now
                    


                    visit campus
                    


                    request info
                    

















        why iowa?
      



study mathematics at iowa where you will develop problem-solving skills, critical thinking, and help shape the future through innovation and discovery.



study here
              

















 









        find your path
      



 learn skills that will prepare you for many careers in industry, education, and mathematical research or for graduate school. 



                  undergraduate programs
                  






find your path
      








 









        advance your work
      



 develop your skills as a researcher and educator. join a program with a 100 percent job placement record.



                  graduate programs
                  






advance your work
      








 









        learn from experts
      



 our faculty are professionals and conduct research in several areas, including algebra, analysis, differential geometry, and more.



                  faculty
                  






learn from experts
      
















        see yourself here
      



study mathematics at iowa, where innovative research, dedicated faculty, and a vibrant academic community will help you succeed.



visit
              













 






"the professors in the math department are always able to help you when you are stuck and are eager to direct you on pathways to future success. the tas in the math lab are always working in order to help your understanding and to help provide insight."- astra tomas















        write your story
      



build knowledge. conduct research. stand out. our graduates go on to have fulfilling careers in industry, education, and mathematical research.



apply
              












 









        100%
      



  

      job placement for graduate students
  






 









        30
      



  

      faculty members
  












        4,000
      



  

      undergraduate students taught each semester
  


  

      (2018-2020 data)
  






 









        tutoring 
      



  

      our math tutorial lab is here to support you. 
  






 












        news and announcements
      









        department of mathematics will host the midwest panorama of geometry and topology conference this summer!
      





                  monday, february 10, 2025
                












        jorgensen publishes new book designed for students, researchers in mathematics
      





                  monday, february 3, 2025
                

            palle jorgensen, professor in the department of mathematics, co-authored a new book that focuses on various topics in the field of mathematics.











        pokémon go math course makes list of top clas articles in 2024
      





                  thursday, december 19, 2024
                










        palle jorgensen wins best paper award
      





                  thursday, december 12, 2024
                












        weimin han publishes new book
      





                  wednesday, november 13, 2024
                







view more news









          important links




applied mathematical & computational sciences (amcs)colloquia schedulegeometry and topology research training groupmath computer helpmath library help formmath library resourcesmath tutorial labmauimyuiwomen in mathematics










        events
      













        operator theory seminar - palle jorgensen; university of iowa department of mathematics
      





                  tuesday, february 18, 2025 1:30pm to 2:30pm
                

van allen hall


title: free probability.
	abstract: we study a family of free stochastic processes whose covariance kernels k may be derived as a transform
	of tempered measures σ. these processes arise, for example, in consideration of non-commutative analysis
	involving free probability. hence our use of semi-circle distributions, as opposed to gaussians. in this
	setting we find an orthonormal basis in the corresponding non-commutative l2 of sample-space. we define
	a stochastic integral for our family of...













        mathematical physics seminar - wayne polyzou, phd; department of physics and astronomy
      





                  tuesday, february 18, 2025 2:30pm to 3:30pm
                

van allen hall


euclidean formulations of relativistic quantum mechanics













        mathematics special lecture - professor eva gallardo gutierrez
      





                  thursday, february 20, 2025 12:30pm to 1:20pm
                

maclean hall


title: the invariant subspace problem: general operator theory vs. concrete operator theory?

abstract: the invariant subspace problem for (separable) hilbert spaces is a long-standing open question that traces back to john von neumann’s works in the fifties asking, in particular, if every bounded linear operator acting on an infinite dimensional separable hilbert space has a non-trivial closed invariant subspace. whereas there are well-known classes of bounded linear operators on hilbert spaces...













        mathematics colloquium - eva gallardo-gutierrez; complutense university of madrid
      





                  thursday, february 20, 2025 3:30pm to 4:30pm
                

maclean hall


title: compact perturbations of normal operators: where are their invariant subspaces?
	
	abstract: in this talk, we will address the problem regarding the existence of non-trivial closed invariant subspaces of compact perturbations of normal operators acting boundedly on separable, infinite-dimensional complex hilbert spaces. after considering the finite-rank case, we will show that a large class of such operators are decomposable, extending, in particular, recent results of foias, jung, ko and...




view more events














the university of iowa






university of iowa




mathematics



              college of liberal arts and sciences
            



14 maclean hall (mlh)2 west washington streetiowa city, ia 52242-1419319-335-0714319-335-0627mathematics-department@uiowa.edu



admin login



footer primary


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


visit campus


request info




footer secondary


clas advising


academic policies


myui


icon




footer tertiary


give to mathematics


alumni


people


contact us







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility


















