






horizon house
























































skip to content














 



homecontact us








contact us
horizon house publications inc.










horizon house publications is a b2b media, events and technical book publishing company. our magazines include microwave journal and signal integrity journal. we organize several trade show events in the rf/microwave and high speed design industry in our high frequency and high speed media and events group. the iot m2m council (imc) is a global iot m2m ecosystem of companies organizing events and marketing activities in the internet of things space. the artech house group publishes professional scientific and engineering books in various industries.


microwave journal
your source for the latest product announcements, industry news, catalogs, and vendor information for the rf and microwave industry. editorial themes include wireless, radar and antennas; rf components and systems; test and measurement; amplifiers and oscillators; semiconductors and mmics; commercial applications; ivhs and its; dual technologies; communications and pcn; passive components; and control devices, modulation and dsp.
visit the homepage of the microwave industry


artech house online books
a leading technical book publisher, artech house provides today’s professionals and students with cutting-edge books and software from the world’s top authorities. from rf/microwave design, wireless communications, radar engineering, and electronic defense, to gps/gnss, power engineering, computer security, and building technology, artech house publishes the forward-looking titles that engineers and managers need to excel. 
visit artech to access books online


iot m2m council
the iot m2m council (imc) is the largest and fastest-growing trade organization in the iot m2m sector, with over 25,000 oems, enterprise users, and apps developers as members, and an average of 300 new members joining weekly. the imc supports industry efforts to increase deployment volumes by offering members services that connect solutions providers with adopters of iot m2m technology and meeting their evolving needs.
visit imc


international microwave symposium
the international microwave symposium (ims) is the flagship ieee event in a week dedicated to all things microwaves and rf. the week also includes the ieee mtt-s radio frequency integrated circuits symposium (rfic) and the automatic radio frequency techniques group (arftg). horizon house manages the exhibition on behalf of the ieee.
visit ims-ieee.org


european microwave week
exhibition and educational conference produced on behalf of the european microwave association (euma). meet with academia and industry to consider the latest trends and developments that are widening the field of application of microwaves at europe’s largest rf & microwave tradeshow.
visit eumweek.com


signal integrity journal
the only peer reviewed industry journal covering signal integrity, power integrity and emc/emi related topics with industry news, technical articles, white papers, products, buyer’s guide, webinars, videos and more. 
learn more about sij


edicon online
a virtual tradeshow with cutting edge workshops and demos for rf, microwave, emc/emi, and high-speed digital design engineers and system integrators.
visit edicon online.com


edicon china
edi con china celebrates electronic design innovation, bringing together rf, microwave, emc/emi, and high-speed digital design engineers and system integrators for networking, training, and learning opportunities. 
visit edicon china
for more information please email: contact@horizonhouse.com













			developed by shuttle themes. powered by wordpress.			











































































