


genogram software and ecomap software : wonderware, inc.









our software  
ordering  
version 3  
mission  
why wonderware?  
who uses it?  
demo  
sample genogram  
sample ecomap
know wonder!  
about genograms  
about ecomaps  
web of life  
systems in space-time  
survey  
bibliography.  
essays and more
- visit our new online forums -   
- visit our new links section -




    automatically generate genograms and ecomaps instantly!
    ...and then...travel in time with family and community




order online now or by phone or fax!


no graphical drawing skills required!free day & evening voice & email support!







generate genograms
generate ecomaps


(  )
(  )



sample genogram


sample ecomap




order now...


order now...








key features...




generates genograms / ecomaps instantly from your menu choices and selections
full compliment of standard psycho-social genogram / ecomap relationship, process and flow symbology
plot genogram / ecomap as of any date; past, present or hypothetical future!
symbols, events, emotional processes, members, systems plot appropriate to selected date
can automatically move through time in cinematic motion picture 'journey'
can be called from and integrated seamlessly into database/other applications
can transfer data to/from statistical and database software
can print events, chronologies and member/system information to text file and/or printer
single/multi page flexible printing
households, triangles, groups, externals
half-fill symbols available for many uses
genograms and ecomaps can be titled
supports international date formats
student version excellent for class projects (affordably priced)
runs on any windows pc (win 95,98,me,nt,2000,xp...) ..more






about our genogram and ecomap software    
prices / ordering information      
sample genogram


about our new version!
our mission
sample ecomap


who uses our software?
why wonderware?
get a demonstration






visit our new online forums!



suggestions:what would you like to see in genogram or ecomap software!

more...
know wonder! diagrams of the universe in families and communities
about genograms
about ecomaps
the web of life, discovering the spirit of living systems
about families and communities as interpersonal systems in
space and time


participate in our survey on genograms, ecomaps and time.

some suggested reading on genograms, ecomaps and family systems.




everyone's einstein mailing list

link to einstein-maric relativity reunion 1999 essay

link to einstein-maric relativity reunion 2001 essay

live chat about the relativity reunion

link to einstein and relatives cybercard celebration
in living dedication
for more information, or to receive a complete set of demo disks 
and accompanying information, contact: 
wonderware@idealink.washington.dc.us
wonderware, inc.2706 randolph rd.silver spring, md.  20902
301-942-3254
"...a wonder of this kind i experienced as a child...
the most incomprehensible thing about the universe
is that it is comprehensible."  - albert einstein

about our genogram and ecomap software
our windows genogram software automatically generates
genograms from text input. using a series of pulldown menus and dialog
boxes, you can enter a variety of demographic, biological, emotional, 
relationship, process, household and event and other descriptive information
about each member of a family. with a simple click of the mouse, the genogram
is automatically generated and displayed on the screen.  you can easily
scroll around the diagram, decide what specific information to include
in the genogram, adjust the diagram scale, select font styles, and more.
you can then print all or part of the genogram graphic, in a variety of
sizes, on your printer.  our software uses complete and standard genogram
conventions for biological and emotional processes and relationships.
in addition, it makes available additional features that empower the user 
further-not only can the user easily move directly back and forth between
the genogram and an ecomap generated by our companion software,
but our innovation, multiprocess time travel, allows users
to become enlightened time travelers by depicting the genogram of a family
at any point in the past, present or future--turning a personal computer
into a time machine that can update and record change as well as trace
history, to increase awareness by depicting multidimensional interactive
past, present and even potential futures in the life of a family.
our genogram software has an extremely easy user interface, and comes with a
comprehensive user's guide, with detailed description and key to the
genogram symbols.  the standard individual and institutional versions also
come with an extensive set of utilities including the abiltiy to print a
textual summary of the family information to a printer or disk file, the
ability to generate a dated family event/information chronology to a printer
or disk file, ascii data import/export features, the ability to import
family information from genealogy software, and the ability to export
family member demographic information to an ecomap file for use with our
ecomap software that diagrams community.  our software is
affordably priced, so everyone can experience the wonder of family process.
our ecomap software has a user interface similar to our
genogram software (described above), and automatically generates ecomaps,
displaying them on the screen and allowing them to be printed in different
sizes and orientations, with the ability to include/exclude selected items.
our software uses standard ecomap symbology to represent community
systems and energy flow, and also includes both the ability to travel
back and forth between the ecomap and genograms generated by our companion
genogram software, and multiprocess time travel to
update and explore the interactive and multidimensional past, present and
potential futures of a family and its community.  the software comes with a 
comprehensive user's guide, with detailed description and key to the ecomap
symbols.  the standard individual and institutional versions also
come with an extensive set of utilities including the abiltiy to print a
textual summary of the family information to a printer or disk file, the
ability to generate a dated event/information chronology to a printer
or disk file, ascii data import/export features, and the ability to export
family member demographic information to a genogram file for use with our
genogram software that creates intergenerational family diagrams. the
software is affordably priced, so all can experience the awareness of
community in the life of a family.
our new versions make the creation and updating of complex process
genogramming and ecomapping even easier and more convenient for clinicians
and client families, welcoming the caregiver into the heart
and soul of the human experience itself: ongoing multidimensional and
interactional process over time. they powerfully expand the multiprocess
time travel features of our earlier versions, and allow the user to
move between the family and the community contexts; that is, between the
genogram and ecomap and back again, with ease. the enhanced user's guides
fully prepare the user, both conceptually and practically, for the
unforgettable experience this software makes possible. users will
appreciate the on-line help, toolbar shortcut buttons, enhanced
multi-display print-preview and printing capabilities, and the unique
combination of other features that the software provides.
about our new version
we are now shipping versions 3.0 of
 and 
we are pleased to announce the release of version 3.0 of both our
genogram and ecomap software.  building on the features of version
2.1 and our earlier versions, these upgrades for 32-bit windows
systems even further empower clinicians and caregivers worldwide
to utilize technology to assist interactive depiction and
understanding of family and community systems.  we welcome your
feedback and wish-list requests as always, and invite you to grow
and travel in time with us, and check our web page periodically
for news and updates. we strive to design and offer our software
with the living system of caregivers and clients foremost in our
thoughts.
a brief summary of important new features of our genogram software:

software rewritten for 32-bit windows
right click on a person symbol on the genogram display
now takes you directly to their member information
added "auto" travel options - you can now sit and watch
the family genogram automatically travel in time as a
diagrammatic "motion picture" journey
new "half filled" person symbols
added foster symbol (old adopted symbol) and changed
adopted to new symbol to comport with recent changes in
diagramming standards.
previous spouses of previous spouses now supported
genograms can now be titled.
added international date formats for all dating and time
travel features and calculations
dates can now include "." and "-" as well as "/" for separators
added ability to choose a selected group of people in a
family when generating chronology and member information reports and prints.
printing now sensitive to higher screen resolutions
software can now be configured to accommodate
genograms larger than 200 people.
two digit year handling updated
auto assist feature enhanced
added option to display full birth and death dates if desired
software now handles "long" family names
changed household colors to more versatile and visible
selections and added color indicators to household editing pages.
new installation adds uninstall, 32-bit compatibility.
can select member by typing id in family member list
can automatically locate a member on the genogram display
"offset" indicators in status bar panes now sensitive to
screen resolution
significant relationships can now accommodate full
mm/dd/yyyy dates.
software now takes full advantage of computer's memory
margin adjustments enhanced
several other minor adjustments...

a brief summary of important new features of our ecomap software:

software rewritten for 32-bit windows
right click on a person or system symbol on the ecomap
display  now takes you directly to their information
added "auto" travel options - you can now sit and watch
the ecomap automatically travel in time as a
diagrammatic "motion picture" journey
ecomaps can now be titled.
added international date formats for all dating and time
travel features and calculations
dates can now include "." and "-" as well as "/" for separators
added ability to choose a selected group of people and/or
systems when generating chronology and member/system
information reports and prints.
printing now sensitive to higher screen resolutions
software can now be configured to store information about
families with more than 200 people.
two digit year handling updated
software now handles "long" family names
changed group colors to more versatile and visible
selections and added color indicators to group editing pages.
new installation adds uninstall, 32-bit compatibility.
can select member/system by typing id in family member/system list
"offset" indicators in status bar panes now sensitive to screen resolution
significant connections can now accommodate full mm/dd/yyyy dates.
software now takes full advantage of computer's memory
several other minor adjustments...

the technical and clinical power of our software has increased, but,
the prices have not!
for current price and upgrade information, see our
prices and ordering information section.
who uses our software?
our genogram and ecomap software is currently in use throughout the u.s.
and in at least 23 countries.

by therapists, psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers,
marriage and family therapists, addiction counselors and other
caregivers, in private offices, institutions, social welfare and
family service agencies, in professional training and education,
and consultation.
by family practice and other medical doctors, nurses, hospitals,
training institutions and maternity centers to assist health and 
healing with indepth family history-taking, medical genealogy, and
biopsychosocial understanding of the living system of patients and
families.
by clergy and pastoral counselors in churches, synagogues and places
of worship and care of all religions and demoninations, to assist
moral and spiritual awareness, premarital counseling, prevention,
and faith-friendly intervention that promotes the loving and
responsible values of all traditions.
in courts, by judges, juries, probation, parole, youth and adult officers,
to assist victims, rehabilitate perpetrators, and reduce recidivism, as
well as in  family law, community mediation and arbitration settings to
avert family disintegration, assist family reintegration, aid responsible
parenting, assist foster and adoptive families, and strengthen community.
in schools and educational settings, by counselors, family life teachers,
and special education professionals to assist students, their families,
and the professionals who serve them during the developmental years.
by professors and students in major colleges and universities, in 
psychology, social work, anthropology, sociology, and human ecology in
classes and training labs; by historians and psychohistorians, by political
scientists, anthropologists, biographers and genealogists, as well as other 
interdisciplinary researchers concerned with the human condition over time.

from our company mission
mission statement:
wonderware, inc. is dedicated to the use of modern computer and information
technologies to assist in a practical transformation that is occurring in
the modes of thought and practice within our interpersonal and community
realities, based on scientific and spiritual paradigm shifts brought about
by the work of important scientists and philosophers in this century--most
notably albert einstein (author of the theory of relativity), fritjof
capra, murray bowen (pioneer of the genogram), ann hartman (pioneer of the
ecomap), ed friedman, peter steinke and other clergy, and relational
and systems thinkers across many fields, including family psychology, 
sociology and social work, anthropology, ecology, and medicine, as well as
physics and mathematics, philosophy, theology and others. these thinkers and
scientists wanted their profound relational insights and explorations to be
accessible to and grasped by all people, and their works have expanded and
enlightened our awareness of the complex, dynamic and integrated wholeness
of the universe, by process-oriented, perspective-taking, multidimensional,
systemic and integrative modes of thinking.
product mission:
to develop, distribute and sell affordable, high quality, user friendly
computer software that automatically creates graphical interpersonal
process diagrams (such as genograms and ecomaps) from textual data. to
provide technical support, and include documentation that is clear, useable
and practically communicates the process-oriented and systemic mode of
thinking they are meant to assist. to offer services that enhance global
and local interpersonal communication and understanding using computer
technology with social responsibility. to provide training products and
services that promote the software, services and goals described above.

prices and ordering information - order now
order online now or by phone or fax (301-942-3254)
(prices are for  and  for windows 95, 98, nt, me, 2000, xp...)


prices
student(guide on disk)
student(printed guide)
individual(guide on disk)
individual(printed guide)
institutional(single station)



$39.95
$49.95
$74.95
$84.95
$114.95



$39.95
$49.95
$59.95
$69.95
$89.95


both together
 
 
$124.90
$144.90
$194.90


multi-station/site licenses start at $250.00 for 3-10 stations for each product.
        please contact us for our very affordable pricing for larger orders.





shipping
within the usa
international


priority
express
canada
mexico
western europe, scandinavia
asia, japan, new zealand
all others


one or both(user's guideson disk only)
$4
$17.85
$4
$4
$7
$7
$7


one only(with printed user's guide)
$7
$21.05
$5
$7
$10.50
$11.50
$11.50


both(with printed user's guides)
$7
$21.05
$8.50
$13.50
$17
$19
$20


quantities
-call-
-call-
-call-
-call-
-call-
-call-
-call-



all orders within the usa will be shipped priority mail (2-3 days to most destinations) unless otherwise requested
please make payments in u.s. funds, either via a check drawn off a us bank or an international money order.
international rates above are 3-5 days to most destinations, not tracked.
express mail with computer tracking is available for an additional charge.



site license information

site license purchases include one free user's guide and one set of disks.
extra user's guides are $15 each. extra disks are $5/set.
call for quantity discounts on large orders of user's guides and disks.

student version

student version is identical to the regular version except "utilities" are not included.
please provide school, course & instructor name when ordering student versions.

additional ordering information

please include shipping/handling (see above)
institutional purchase orders accepted
maryland customers please add 5% sales tax
all prices are in u.s. funds only, please
call for foreign, rush or special orders
educational discount program
institutions; we invite you to purchase our software for your students
educational institutions can purchase multiple copies of the student
version for their classes and/or students.  please contact wonderware, inc.
for ordering instructions
know wonder! diagrams of the universe in families and communities
"people travel to wonder at the height of mountains, at the
huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of rivers, at the
vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motion of the stars;
and they pass by themselves without wondering."  - st. augustine
"a theory, to be worthy of the name, must be
consistent with the universe, the planets, the tides
and the seasons."  - murray bowen
the universal process that inspires us to wonder when we look
up at the glittering constellations visible to us in the night
sky is evident in everything in the universe -- including people, 
families, communities and you!
like a map of the distant constellations, and like the
increasingly detailed molecular, atomic and subatomic models
that scientists have constructed to show the forces, processes and
structure that compose these constellations and all matter and energy
that sustain them, so too, genograms are diagrams that reveal structure,
components, forces in process, multidimensional relationships and bonds--
but in the family context--the matter and energy that is the stuff of
family life in every place or era, in any space and time. a family genogram
diagrams the interpersonal intergenerational system of a person and family.
the diagram of our solar system may be the first exposure of most people
to a visual model of a dynamic system maintained by the mysterious active
forces of matter and energy in self-sustaining relationship, but there is
also the familiar concept of an ecosystem - a living system where matter
and energy are exchanged in organized, meaningful and active balance and
relatedness to sustain the miracle of life - be it in a pond, a forest, an
interconnected living planet, or a human interpersonal community. similalry,
a community ecomap diagrams the social and interpersonal ecosystem of a
person or family's community.
diagrams and maps have long been powerful and necessary visual
and conceptual aids to our ever increasing understanding
of our universe, and have helped the planning, inspiration and success of
our most important journeys, from early navigators' sails of unexpected
discovery (often mentioned by dr. ed friedman, see below), to our 
missions to the moon and neighboring planets, to our journeys within the 
nucleus of a cell. einstein often used both simple and complex diagrams to
depict the movement of matter and energy in dynamic relationship. many 
people have seen time-lapsed weather maps and flow diagrams of our earth,
maps and diagrams of star systems and galaxies, biological and ecological
maps and diagrams of lake, shore and river and land-water-air relational 
systems, even diagrams and maps of the journey of dna and rna in a dividing
or living cell. genograms and ecomaps are very helpful and widely used 
conceptual diagrams of the social structures and processes of our living 
families and communities.  genograms and ecomaps can help us explore
with wonder some of the journeys that are closest to our hearts and sense
of meaning, journeys about which we care so much but often have such 
difficulty in visualizing in the heart's and mind's eye, and which are
universally important for all human beings, families and communities.
about genograms

a genogram is a flow diagram similar to a family tree that depicts family
emotional and biological processes over generations.  a standard
format and symbols are used to depict not only names, dates and
historical and medical life events, but also emotional relationships
between and among members of families and their communities; for
example, males are represented by squares, females by circles,
marriages, pregnancies, deaths, households, birth order and many other
life cycle events and arrangements are represented, as are
emotional processes including conflict, closeness, distance
emotional triangles, among others.
the use of genograms was pioneered by the late world famous
family therapist dr. murray bowen, who developed a theory,
which he called natural systems theory, to help us understand
the lives of people and families according to universal
processes.  bowen's theory evolved in a climate of the work of
many other theorists in what is commonly called the "systems"
or "systemic" school of family theory, which itself grew out of
general systems theory, which was being applied in many other
fields from physics to anthropology and biology.  there is a
general philosophical truth that underpins systems theory.  it is
that whole and parts are not in strictly linear relationship, but
mutually cause and effect each other because of the interactive
process of being and change.  in a nutshell, if the philosopher
of linear cause and effect, descartes said, "i think, therefore i
am," then the philosophers of systems theory state "i relate,
therefore i exist."  there are many family theorists and schools of
family therapy who have emphasized systemic and relational
assessment and understanding, and often use genograms in their 
work and teaching. today, genograms are an important part
of most, if not all teaching of family systems theory, and many 
professors, students and practitioners alike are utilizing the
abilities of computers to allow them to update, retrieve, and even
yes, travel in the life and time of the family, in a systemic and
relational way.
we at wonderware, inc. believe that bowen's and
others' systems theories of family relatedness are indeed
consistent with the universe conceived by albert einstein and
described by his theory of relativity.  whether in the
physical/mathematical realm explored by einstein, or
emotional/biological realm explored by bowen, both theories
describe the same essential truth and paradigm shift. they
guide us on an infinite journey of discovery and rediscovery:
that relativity in process, in inseparable and eternally inter-      
related spacetime, creates and sustains all reality and that no
reality exists without the interconnected yet unique relational processes
of events in time described by relativity. we believe this is especially
wondrous, universal and awe-inspiring in the human environment of the
human family, which is itself the ongoing tree of many, many generations
of relatives living in time, hence, the name for our genogram software.
about ecomaps

"the ecological paradigm is supported by modern science, but it 
is rooted in a paradigm of reality that goes beyond the scientific
framework to the awareness of the oneness of all life, the
interdependence of its multiple manifestations, and its cycles
of change and transformation. ultimately, such deep ecological
awareness is spiritual awareness."  - fritjof capra
an ecomap is a flow diagram that maps family and community systems'
process over time. in the 1970's, dr. ann hartman, a social
worker, applied the concept of an ecosystem to human communities to
"focus on the complex ecological system that includes the family and
the total environment."  in order to help caregivers "capture and
organize this complexity", she developed an innovative
diagramming technique called the ecomap.  the ecomap is
essentially a diagram of a social "solar system", in which a
family genogram is placed in the position of the sun, at the center,
and other important people and institutions in their life space
are depicted with circles around the center, like planets around
the sun.  the ecomap shows the exchange of the social matter with energy
that maintains and is exchanged by the family in their living social
"ecosystem".  as with bowen, hartman's work evolved in a climate of the 
work of many other theorists working in what is
commonly called the "systems" or "systemic" school of family
theory, which in turn grew out of general systems theory,
which was being applied in many other fields, from physics to
anthropology and biology.
einstein's concepts and achievements allowed us, wondering scientist
and layperson alike, to begin to see and appreciate our solar system and
indeed the entire universe in a new relational way.  with the help of
bowen and hartman's diagramming techniques, and through the work of
many theorists, practitioners, and students, we are beginning
to appreciate some of the same magnificient mystery of relationship
and process as it unfolds in our families and communities.
hence the name for our ecomap product, , combines the notion of
a map of the living relatedness of an ecosystem with einstein's universal
concept of deeply and multidimensionally unified relationship, relativity,
and it can be used interactively with our  genogram software
as well.
the web of life, rediscovering the spirit of living systems
as the many settings in which our software is used reveal, the web of
life that includes our human families and communities is remarkably
complex and multidimensionally interconnected. it reveals itself in
many contexts. often, people attempting to make important decisions
and interventions that affect others require interdisciplinary
understanding, derived from multiple specialized sciences and professions
sharing vantage points. a multiple systems, integrated and wholistic approach
is increasingly valued in every context, for alert, informed human service.
that is why many skilled medical doctors, in such prestigious centers as the
national institutes of health, and institutions around the world, 
increasingly cite the importance of human support systems and spiritual 
communities of their patients as important factors in the health of the body,
which is itself a complex and interactive system; it is why judges, attorneys,
courts, police involved in station adjustments and parole and probation
officers are increasing their awareness of and involvement with the mental,
physical and social public health of the families and communities they serve;
it is why schools are becoming more sensitized to family and interpersonal
factors as keys to reducing violence and substance abuse as well as 
increasing motivation for learning; why professors and educators encourage
not only within-discipline learning, but are more and more often engaged in
at least some multi-disciplinary conferences and discussions with students
over the internet, and so on. the ability to view multiple interpersonal
events and interconnected systems in some visual and interactive way, such
as that provided by our flexible and dynamic genogram and ecomap software,
is extremely helpful to assessment, planning, implementation, and evaluation
of the work done in any and all these contexts, and increases an attitude of
ongoing interest and awareness.
in addition, genograms and ecomaps are both relevant to the spirit of
communities, and the individuals and families that create good, viable 
and vibrant community. the late dr. edwin friedman, author of the influential
"generation to generation, family process in church and synagogue" and a
clergyman with a large ecumenical following, pioneered the use of the
genogram and intergenerational systems thinking as resources in natural
settings that serve people in community, especially church, synagogue
and other religious communities, which have long understood the importance
of family and appreciating our ancestors. he also assisted in other natural
settings concerned about the attitude, spirit, harmony, quality and progress
of interactions of their members, such as consultant and work teams. as a
result of his work, and that of those who have succeeded him, such as the
center for family process, peter steinke (author of "how your church family
works") and others, now many clergical leaders and pastoral counselors of
all denominations, as well as consultants concerned with principled and
responsible interactions of people in their work lives, are using genograms;
many are learning ecomaps as well, to assist the health, values, and best
functioning of individuals, families, congregations, staff and communities
they serve. using our software in the context of their own traditions at
theological and pastoral seminaries and communities, they are assisting
believers and encouraging would-be believers to discover, rediscover, affirm
and universalize timeless ethics and values, the sense of gratitude, awareness
of the possibilities of redemption and presence of eternal connection; the
ripple effect of the golden rule, and the seeking and finding of the process
of good and god in the sacred, wonderful web of everyday family and community
life. because of the far more complete and extensive concept of the 
interconnectedness of the whole community over time that it allows, 
relativity allows us to rediscover that abuse, neglect, hatred,
destructiveness, and exploitative domination are never necessary or good for
human beings and are always best guided away from, healed, transcended and
redeemed, while spiritual awareness, courageous patient leadership, indepth
loving thinking, brother/sisterhood, kindness, justice, constructive service,
and mutual respect are universally possible and good among human beings, and
bring forth both redemption and reverent gratitude. this is a fitting,
provident assist to any community's thinking, as we enter a new millenium
and century which mark humanity's collective good will in celebration of
both the passage of time and the birth and ongoing rebirth of widespread
awareness of the golden rule on earth.
about families and communities as interpersonal systems in space and time
how can one begin to perceive this wonderful web of life in action?
even as static one-time "snapshots", genograms and/or ecomaps can depict
and aid understanding of the family and community life systems over
generations or set time periods, and skilled users have long found them a
great guide to assessing and assisting healing, personal growth, and 
conflict resolution. but families and communities are very dynamic; they
alter in time; they have important processes and events, and even their
membership and members - the people themselves - age, grow, heal, change,
enter and depart, and influence each in various ways, directly as well as
cumulatively. we at wonderware, inc. developed multiprocess time travel,
an additional feature of our software, designed to allow genogram and ecomap 
techniques to more easily, and indeed, more systemically, reflect the
ongoing and living dynamics of family and community life over time. now,
by using computer-generated genograms and ecomaps and an updatable
open database, we can travel from time to time in the life of both family
and/or community context, and display genograms and ecomaps that reflect
the important changes and developments of a family or community over
time.  we can even sit back and let the computer show the process
unfolding before us in a diagrammatic motion picture journey.
we discover some of the processes that underly what has been called
"timing", "synchronicity", "connection" and "perhaps even action at a
distance". we can better envision, and at least humbly, partially observe
the universal complexity of which all families are a part. conceptually, we
can interactively combine either or both the genogram and ecomap diagram
techniques with the einsteinian understanding of the relational matrix of
events and time. now, one can bring genograms and ecomaps to "life"; better
representing real life which is inherently dynamic, multidimensional in 
relationship and perspective, and unfolding.
einstein said that during his tumultuous century, "we have changed
everything" except "our modes of thinking". now, as befitting our
transition to a new millenium, we can finally assist our modes of
thinking about our interpersonal universe, and discovery the relational
unity and ultimate spiritual connection of the experiences of our lives
with the relational integrity of the universe in which we live and wonder.
as we, the children of the universe, begin the new millenium and century,
we can scarcely enter this next epoch without encountering the true and
deeply human, humane, scientific yet spiritual legacy of not only einstein's
pioneering concepts of dynamic relatedness that was called relativity, but
the relativity of many relational systems theorists in many fields which help
us perceive relational, process-in-time and interactive awareness.
certainly, a grand theory of everything must include the interpersonal and
social-biological as well as the interstellar, and will one day in the future
unite our wondering awareness of the complex interactive and ongoing
processes of matter and energy with the wondrous and mutually creative
aspects of all events, from biology, and ecology, to the events of family
and community. systemic awareness ultimately brings or returns us to 
religious, ethical and spiritual awareness. we invite you, your family and
your community to celebrate and contemplate the wonder we experience as we
live in this eternal journey in time and space.
"...to describe how the concepts space, time and event can be put
psychologically into relation with experience...to serve the
purpose of bringing experiences into relation with each other.
so that in this way they can be better surveyed"
- albert einstein, on the purpose of the concept and philosophy of relativity

everyone's einstein mailing list
everyone's einstein is an electronic discussion inspired by einstein's ideas
on the global community. albert einstein and his colleagues' ideas about the
universe changed our thinking forever and are still changing it, and people
everywhere seek to better understand his thoughts, and integrate his
creativity, imaginativeness and philosophical insights with their own,
as we begin this new century and millennium. the purpose of this
discussion is to learn and share our own thoughts about einstein's life,
his wife mileva maric-einstein, and their family,
their struggles and failures as well as genius and triumphs,
their ideas on humankind and its welfare and future, their life and times as
their ideas changed and developed, and what their ideas have in common with
the thoughts of other thinkers and ourselves, as we attempt to improve the
human condition and our understanding of the universe. special focus will
be on the einstein-maric love letters, the writings regarding human
rights, creativity and imagination, peace, global cooperation based on
respect for the individual, the wonder of nature and the universe as we
consider the role of humanity in it, and what other theorists, theologians,
philosophers and everyday people share and say about einsteinian thinking,
as well.
while this is not mainly a forum for discussing einstein's math and
physics, messages about the impact of einsteinian and post-einsteinian
physics on religion, spiritual awareness, and our understanding of the
cosmos and our place in it are welcome. it is especially hoped that this
discussion will bring together a wide and diverse audience, from laypersons
to physicists interested in promoting lay understanding of einstein, to men
and women involved in behavioral and social services, humanities, history
and international relations, people interested in the einstein-maric love
letters and their children, to thoughtful and interested high school and
college students, because of the einsteins' special thoughts on education
and youth, and others.
to subscribe:

send e-mail to: listserv@idealink.washington.dc.us
with the message: sub einstein-l (your name)

in the body of the text.


in living dedication
hearts and minds in our space, our time,
our community

to all our kindred spirit brothers and sisters of ongoing
related collaboration - past, present and future


for more information about any of the above, please contact:
wonderware, inc.
2706 randolph rd.
silver spring, md.  20902
301-942-3254

wonderware@idealink.washington.dc.us
know wonder!
