











tauber-arons | industrial auctioneers & appraisals | industrial auctioneers & liquidators since 1892
























































 















13848 ventura blvd., sherman oaks, ca 91423
toll free: 888.648.2249




auction calendar
economic quarterly report
types of auctions
services
appraisals
past auctions
industrial funding group
 















     cnc machine shop       cnc machine shop       food processing       woodworking       powdered metals       glass fabrication       metalworking machinery       plastic machinery       rolling stock       



turning surplus equipment into cash since 1892!


consider having an auction
auctions are a fast, exciting and profitable way to liquidate surplus equipment. rather than spending valuable time waiting for tentative buyers to agree to a sale, an auction adds a vibrant sense of urgency that motivates buyers to act quickly and decisively.
at tauber-arons we:

tell you what your equipment is worth up front
rely on our expert auctioneers to meet or exceed that value
collect prompt and full payment from your buyers
use state-of-the-art technology to maximize your results








you guys are amazing.  definitely a case study how to make business work during this pandemic.    

david b. golubchik, esq.






tauber-arons offers finders fees of up to 50% of the net profits. if you have knowledge of a business closure, a corporate downsizing, or any situation where machinery and equipment needs to be liquidated …. please contact tauber-arons and inquire about our generous finders fee program !!


upcoming auction sales





	      			 public auction
				






view brochure
view photos | terms of sale




brand new inventory of brand name fitness, gym, workout equipment



	

  				
tuesday, march 11 



bidding begins closing at 11:00 am  



location: fontana, ca


approximately 500 items/ $250,000 valuation.  100s of treadmills- 100s of stationary bikes- ellipticals - universal workout machines- leg press machines - weider benches - 100s of dumbells/ free weights/ kettle balls - so much more!  inspection and pre auction buying opportunity



		register for online bidding: 








completed sales





	      		 timed online auction





view brochure | view photos
terms of sale




extremely late model evtol mfg. cnc machine facility
location: santa ana, ca


auction canceled - facility sold in bulk haas cnc machining and turning centers, autoclaves, rolling stock, testing, electrical, new offices and more! major assets available for pre-sale! 




                registration is closed
                









	      		2 day timed online auction





view brochure | view photos
terms of sale




complete closure of all alard aerospace operations
wednesday, december 18 
location: gardena, ca


(68) cnc vertical, horizontal machine & turning centers, cnc water jet, cnc screw machines




                registration is closed
                









	      		2 day timed online auction





view brochure | view photos
terms of sale




complete closure of all alard aerospace operations
tuesday, december 17 
location: gardena, ca


(68) cnc vertical, horizontal machine & turning centers, cnc water jet, cnc screw machines




                registration is closed
                











what a pleasure to work with a top notch organization. i really enjoyed working with all of you! please pass on my appreciation and thanks.
jon powers





when a title issue arose and our secured parties would not cooperate, industrial funding group stepped in and paid off all of our debt. the process was seamless and funding was completed in two weeks, allowing us to go ahead with the auction. tauber-arons inc and industrial funding group performed over and above our expectations.
les kovats





... i was under pressure to get all of the items out after the sale so the building could be cleaned and keys returned to the landlord on a timely basis. 35 years of accumulated items needed to be quickly cleaned and then auctioned. there were no surprises, ta auctions did everything that they said they would do. read full testimonial

john d. nepley, sr.





you guys are amazing.  definitely a case study how to make business work during this pandemic.    

david b. golubchik, esq.





...we were very impressed with your management and organizational skills while you made ready the shop's heavy and light machinery, the shop tools, and the many collateral shop line items for sale. your distribution operations were equally impressive after the completion of the sales. read full testimonial

ralph davis









 









choose tauber-arons
industrial auctioneers
founded in chicago in 1892, tauber-arons has been owned and operated by the same family for 4 generations. we are the nation’s most established and experienced industrial auction company, and we have always been the leaders in the utilization and implementation of the latest auction technology. when you work with us, you will deal with the same person from the initial consultation and contract signing until your auction is completed. you’ll always know exactly who to call with any questions or concerns, and you’ll always know who is managing the planning, implementation and follow-up details on your auction. we build relationships with our clients, guiding them and partnering with them through each step of the process. it’s the only way we do business – and we’ve been doing it for 115 years -- building our impeccable reputation in the auction industry.







home
about tauber-arons
faq's
auction calendar
quarterly report




types of auctions
auction services
appraisals
contact us
press releases



los angeles,ca office	
anthony arons, steve quale 
(888) 648 - 2249
main@tauberaronsinc.com
13848 ventura blvd. 
sherman oaks, ca 91423


scottsdale, az office
spencer quale 
(661) 618-3064
spencer.quale@gmail.com
9927 e bell rd. ste. 130
scottsdale, az 85260  

 ©2025 tauber-arons,inc. | industrial auctioneers





















