


a*starz keeshonden & pomeranians



















home
our dogs
gallery
about us
contact us



      kees since 1979. modern naturally reared. akc breeder of merit. breeder of over 110 titled keeshonden.
      


































kees puppies available!
we are planning 3 litters in 2025. for puppy information & kees available,  click here.




pomeranians
we had always loved poms, but it wasn't until unfortunate circumstances that we actually added one to our home. it was in 2006 when we inherited "lala" from my friend (chris schaeffer-blair) who was dying of bone cancer. lala passed away in 2012. in 2007, we added "jazzy" who is our first owner/handled akc champion pom. we currently have a daughter of jazzy's, "fiona", who, in fall 2015 is our first breeder/owner/handled pom akc champion. if you are interested in obtaining a pomeranian as a companion or show dog, we would be happy to refer you to reputable pom folks near you.




out latest news
follow our latest news from the conformation show ring, agility, rally, flyball. many of our kees are in great homes where their people do action sports with them. some are content to be wonderful companions and travel with their people. most of all, our kees are loved in their homes. click here





welcome to a*starz! keeshonden & pomeranians
started in 1979, we are a reputable breeder of kees and keeshond lifestyle coordinators. while we primarily breed to produce at least one puppy from each litter to carry on according to the akc breed standard, we also have companions & action kees in each litter too.  we have over 110 homebred titled kees... most of our dogs are shown to their titles by their owners.
feel free to contact us via email if you have questions about the breed, are trying to find the right kees for you, or anything relating to the kees breed. we'd be happy to help you.
we register our dogs with the american kennel club. we adhere to the keeshond club of america code of ethics. our kees are raised in our home with limited vaccines, limited topicals, in a smoke-free environment. we follow the program of "mnr" modern natural rearing. our kees come from generations of health tested clear kees.





we refer to reputable breeders only. beware of backyard breeders (those that have "parents on premises") or volume breeders who are those that advertise on the internet "quick find" pet sites. they always have puppies available. unfortunately, they do very little health testing & their kees are usually very large, dark, short-coated & resemble german shepherds, not kees. please check out our information pages before purchasing a kees.



links
keeshond club of america (member)
american pomeranian club (member)
american kennel club
capital keeshond club (member)
canadian kennel club (member)
infodog - info on dog events across the country


video
we have been videoing keeshond national specialties and regional specialties from 1987 to 2017. see our latest offerings from our "historical" kees archives.
2002 keeshond national dvd 


contact info
a*starz kees is located in the eastern panhandle of west virginia in the usa.phone: 304-258-0292 (eastern time) we prefer email contact
  e-mail: keeshond@astarz.net
  facebook contact us on facebook















member: keeshond club of america, american pomeranian club, capital keeshond club,  canadian kennel club, kees club of ontario (canada), american kennel club breeder of merit
website last updated: 12/10/2024

website by: a*starz productions, copyright 2016-2070, all rights reserved |   website template by araynordesign



