
prank phone calls


























prank phone calls
!!be the life of the party!!

you'll have everyone laughing their ass
off!!









all lucius
        prank calls available now at itunes 
        and amazon.com










free
        prank calls
prank
        calls mp3
cds
        - 9.99
&
        singles -
        0.99
 




the
        story of lucius prank phone calls
        by dan zimmer
funny
        poem
prank
        call techno beat by matt darr
links
prank
        call reviews





 listen to my new cd 



madder than hell

 itunes, amazon, 
spotify, and google play







buy it today!!!


help support my prank habbit
funniest prank call comedy you
will ever hear





 
        










 
        





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the list of prank phone calls that are by lucius tate includes
a funny phone prank call to hoe out someone's flower bed, nasty ass lucius prank
calls an abortion clinic, most all of lucius tate prank calls are dirty prank
calls where he's talkin shit and coming up with some of the funniest stuff. when
it comes to shit talkin lucius tate is the king of prank calls with many prank
voices such as lucius tave, lucius johnson, leon johnson, bubba johnson, grady johnson,
 beaula johnson, chevel mcelroy, ted johnson, lucious, lucous, mama,willie cartwright, jimmy cartwright, the cartwright's,
darnell finney and many more. lucius is always coming up with new prank call
ideas even in his sleep. the comedy and humor never stops when listening to
these funny prank calls. he has so many different type of crank calls such as
the contest prank where he has some one spin the wheel and win big, the dirty
sex calls are some of the funniest prank calls i've ever heard such as
masterbate on  porch and is yo ole lady a ho? those truck driver pranks are
some funny shit too. these are the best collection of prank phone calls by far
so order a prank call cd, the complete set or buy the downloaded mp3 prank calls
and laugh you ass off!!
 
     







