






gore trailers











































































































													fax												


													+1 910 640 1133												







 


												+1 910 642 4298											







 

												305 gore trailer road whiteville, nc 28472											

													view on map												



 
 
 
 
 
 










compare
 








home
trailers

pull type
gooseneck
alpaca
goat & sheep
cargo/dump/utility


options
dealers
used trailers
storage
order parts
contact

request quote







 

































quality….
gore trailers is a family owned business located in whiteville, north carolina. the same family has been in business for over fifty years.
gore has always set the highest standards for a quality trailer and offer quality service. they take pride in their quality workmanship and design on each trailer model. gore specializes in custom built trailers and strives to do their best to meet the needs of each customer. with a gore trailer you can rely on dependability, durability and strength in a trailer that will last. gore also offers a wide variety of options on their trailers whether it be a gooseneck model or a pull type model.
if you have not received a response from us within 36 hours please check your spam box or call us at 910-642-4298 or 910-770-5366.











trailers











pull type

we offer a variety of bumper pull trailers from two horse to four horse, with or without dressing room.










gooseneck

our gooseneck range from two horse to eight horse. slant loads and four horse head to head.










alpaca

we are one of the leading builders of bumper pull & gooseneck alpaca trailers in the us.










goat/sheep

we will custom build any size, any height trailer you need.










utility

custom utility trailers.








customer testimonials












 

peter
google review



“couldn’t be happier with our 1a side load. we spoke with mr. gore on the phone prior to purchasing and the trailer has held up wonderfully. highly recommended.”
 





 

kelly
google review



“they took time to show me around the trailer, made sure i knew how to hook it up and haul it safely and how to use my truck’s equipment to get the best life out of the truck and trailer. wonderful people with an incredibly well made product.”
 





 

elisabeth
google review



” i can not recommend this company enough. they make exceptional quality products at a fair price. i have owned 4 stars, sooners and cimmarons, and now a gore. now that i have a gore, i will not own any other brand. highly recommend and they have a customer for life!”
 





 

caraway
google review



“prompt customer service, and fair prices. proud to support this nc family owned business.”
 














natm







danas







mendoza










 
 





contact305 gore trailer road whiteville, nc 28472+1 910 642 42988:00am - 5:00pmtrailers 


pull type
gooseneck
alpaca
goat/sheep
cargo/dump/utility


customers 


warranty information
request a quote
owner's manual
credit application

follow us 




 








gore trailers © all rights reserved












 











							listing statistics for:						







last week
last 30 days






										listing views									


										phone number views									






















request car price

						front page					








name





email







phone







request























					compare				




 




















































