


victoria research web




resources
for
victorian research
these are particularly exciting times for research into the culture and society of nineteenth-century britain and its empire.  thanks to newly accessible sources and new methods of exploring and sharing them, the immensely varied activities of today’s busy researchers are revealing just how much we have yet to learn and understand about this pivotal period despite decades of intense scrutiny.  
the aim of the victoria research web is to assist scholars, at whatever stage of their studies, in making their way through the complex and ever-changing landscape of research resources pertinent to the long nineteenth century. the various sections of the vrw are intended to supply advice and links to help victorianists find the practical information that they need to do their work, whether it's an online database, an archive catalogue, a bibliography, a listserv address, a cheap place to stay in london, or a journal's submission guidelines. 
some of these resources -- such as the popular guide to open access 19th-century periodicals, the dated but still useful vanarsdel bibliography of periodical research, sally mitchell's introduction to researching victorian fiction, and the weedon guide to using victorian publishers' records -- are hosted here exclusively.  vrw is particularly proud to host "at the circulating library: a database of victorian fiction, 1837-1901," troy bassett's indispensable bibliographical database of victorian novels and their authors, now amounting to many thousands of titles and names.  
appearing here, too, is the popular vrw guide to planning the research trip to britain.  the curran index, which identifies the authors of thousands of unsigned articles, reviews, stories, and poems in the 19th-century periodical press, was begun here at victorianresearch.org and now resides at its own domain, supported by the research society for victorian periodicals. an interactive database for exploring the archives of the long-running victoria discussion group puts at your fingertips over thirty years' worth of discussion by victorianists around the world.
we hope you will find the victoria research web helpful in planning your own victorian researches.  much good luck with those projects.


vrw is organized by type of resource, not by subject.  so, for example, if you want to know how to find someone's unpublished letters, look under "archives."  if you want to explore books or newspapers, look under "printed sources."  some of the most important and innovative sites devoted to particular authors and topics can be found under "exploring victorian projects."
winter/spring 2025: the site is being revised and updated, so please excuse a good many inactive links in some sections in the meantime.  please send any comments or suggestions to webmaster@victorianresearch.org.

vrw table of contents



research resources

archives: locating unpublished materials, especially manuscripts

	

key works of reference
sorting out copyright
the national archives
nucmc and a2a
19th-century family and census data
a guide to victorian holdings in selected archives in britain and the u.s. 
other archival records

victorian publishers' archives, including the weedon guide to research.
banking records







printed sources: libraries, serials, pictures, books:

	

research guides to reference sources in libraries
links to library catalogues
using the british library
finding out about
		
periodicals

the vanarsdel bibliography
the curran index to wellesley revisions
"biographies of some obscure contributors"
other periodical research resources
the digital revolution: periodicals


newspapers and their own digital revolution
pictures of people and places


bibliographical resources, including
		
"at the circulating library," a database of three-volume novels, and
topical bibliographies


book reviews on-line  





planning the research trip: tips for working in britain

	

online travel guides
places to stay
getting around
staying connected
fun stuff: victorian sightseeing and the london lectures list



journals, societies, and series
journals, societies, and series. links to some of the major journals in the field as well as to a number of victorian studies organizations, along with a short list of book publishers' series.
discussion
the vrw guide to groups, blogs, and podcasts covers all sorts of places for reading about and discussing the 19th century, including listservs, bulletin boards, social networking sites, and blogs.
exploring victorian  projects
the vrw annotated guide to other important 19th-century resources to explore online.

general guides
some major sites
other resources of interest



victoria research web, 1996-2025. created by patrick leary




