








rainy day traveler - you planned for everything...except the weather... things to do on a rainy day around the world and other travel tales


















































rainy day traveler

search


primary menu
skip to content
destination overview
going solo
kid stuff
rainy day photos
if you go
rainy day links

rain gear


 





search for:



 









destination features, hollywood, california

audience participation: attending a tv show taping

october 8, 2019 editor 5 comments




story and photos by kayte deioma

disney entertainment center
what could be more “hollywood” in hollywood than attending a tv show taping? depending on your timing, you could take in a live taping of your favorite sitcom, be in the audience of a talk show or cheer on the contestants in a game show.
some shows tape at studios up in burbank or on the west side, but many tape right in hollywood. the jimmy kimmel live! show tapes at the el capitan entertainment center next to the el capitan theatre. various sitcoms tape at large and small studios around hollywood. the largest in hollywood is paramount studios with its memorable entrance on melrose blvd. at gower.
tv shows are taped on weekdays. there used to be a more distinct taping season, but with some shows still starting in the fall, some in january and others as summer replacements, there is almost always something taping somewhere in hollywood. august through march is still probably the busiest taping season. it usually takes at least three hours of your time to attend the taping, whether it’s a half hour sitcom or an hour long talk show. it can also take longer.

stage 28 at universal studios hollywood
most sitcoms have a “call time” of 4 or 5 p.m., which is when you are expected to show up and get in line. game shows tape in the late morning or early afternoon and sometimes have two tapings in one day and tape multiple shows per session. talk shows tape at all different times from dr. phil early in the morning to jimmy kimmel later in the evening and everything in between.
getting tickets
as you’re watching television, you’ll notice a few shows tell you that you have to write in months ahead of time to get tickets. this still applies to  a few shows. it will improve your chances of getting in to see exactly what you want to see. but if you’re flexible, there is almost always something being taped that you can get tickets for right up until the last minute.
tv show tickets are free. you can get tv show tickets online through various web sites. there is some overlap between websites, but no one web site handles all the studios, so it’s best to check several. the audiences unlimited site, www.tvtickets.com has a good selection, as does www.tvtix.com. many shows require audience members to be at least 18 years old. some have a minimum age limit of 16. if you want to take your kids to a taping, some game shows that film outside of hollywood also have a minimum age of eight.
most weekdays, you can find people handing out tv show tickets in front of grauman’s (tcl) chinese theatre on hollywood blvd. of the hollywood studios, the majority of them use the online audience ticket web sites listed above. for shows taping on the paramount lot, you can call the studio directly at (323) 956-1777 for tickets. as a last resort, you can show up at the taping and see if there are any seats left after all the ticketed people have been seated.
the experience
do not bring cameras, video or audio recorders, or cell phones with you to the studio. leave them in the car or the hotel room. you won’t be allowed to take them inside. also leave pocket knives behind as well as anything else that might be construed as a weapon. you will be going through a security check point. food is not generally permitted, but i have seen plenty of people finishing up their fast food burgers or beverages while waiting in line and nobody questioned the power bar and bottle of water that lives in my purse.
when you print your ticket from the internet, it might say to wear formal attire. when have you ever seen tv audience members wearing formal attire? ignore this and use your common sense. if you’re going to see a sitcom, the audience won’t be seen. jeans or shorts are fine, but they tend to keep the studios quite cold, so long pants and a sweater are a good idea. on talk shows and occasionally on game shows, the audience is sometimes seen. if you want to be seated in an area where you might be on television, dress appropriately.
they distribute more tickets than they have seats because they know a lot of people who get tickets won’t show up. so having a ticket does not guarantee that you will get in. be in line at the call time if you want to be sure of getting a seat. if it’s a really popular show, be early.
standing in line is part of the process. if it’s raining, they try to move you indoors so you don’t have to wait in the rain. you may be in line anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour. the location of the line may move several times before you enter the studio.

disney entertainment center
finally you get ushered into the studio. there are not usually assigned seats. you are expected to fill up the rows in order as directed. after another while of waiting, a comedian comes out to warm up the audience and get you into a laughing mood. depending on the comedian, this may involve a lot of audience participation, so if you have any great impressions of people, animals or random sound effects, practice up ahead of time, just in case.
as the comedian gets you laughing, production crew are wandering around the set making last minute adjustments. at last, the moment you’ve been waiting for: they’re ready to begin.
watching a sitcom being taped is nothing like watching a sitcom on tv. it is a live theatre performance. you don’t have to enjoy watching a particular show to enjoy watching that show being taped. it’s a completely different experience. it’s all about the spontaneity of watching the actors deliver the lines one way and then try them again a different way, or simply watching them flub a line or have a laughing fit and have to redo the scene. since it is live, the actors can hear you. you can’t scold the characters during taping the way you might yell at them on your tv. if you do, you’ll be thrown out.
occasionally there may be a scene that was prerecorded that they play for you on overhead tv monitors to help you follow the story. your warm-up person may be around to continue the laughs between takes as they re-position cameras for the next scene. if you’re lucky, a celebrity or two may break character between takes to come up to the audience and say hello. in any case, you have the pleasure of seeing these tv stars just twenty feet away as they perform their scenes. what better way to feel like you’re in hollywood?
most tickets are now issued online up to the day before the show. if you’re visiting from out of town and didn’t print your tickets in advance, you can usually print them at at your hotel. to get tv tickets online visit www.tvtickets.com or www.tvtix.com.
paramount studios: (323) 956-1777
www.1iota.com has tickets for the late late show with james corden, late night with seth meyers and jimmy kimmel live!, which you can also get by calling (866) jimmy tix, (call weekdays 1-4pm pst). !iota.com also has tickets to the daytime talk show, the talk.
other la tv show tapings outside of hollywood that are not listed on the web sites above:
ellen tickets: www.ellentv.com or call 818-260-5600
you can also find tv show tickets and discount la event and attraction tickets on goldstar.com.

californiahollywoodthings to do



hollywood, california, rainy day links

things to do on a rainy day in los angeles, california

january 16, 2019 editor 



things to do on a rainy day in hollywood, california
featured articles:
rainy day hollywood, california – feature


audience participation: attending a tv show taping – feature

hollywood museum: a treasure trove of hollywood memorabilia – feature
frank lloyd wright’s hollyhock house in barnsdall art park – feature


el capitan theatre and disney soda fountain – feature

amoeba music – feature
hollywood: hotels and restaurants

more things to do on a rainy day in hollywood & the los angeles area:

hollywood and vicinity
hollywood wax museum
lucky strike bowling alley & nightclub
natural history museum of l.a. county
california science center and imax theater
california african-american museum

the getty museums
skirball cultural center
museum of the american west
long beach

the queen mary – feature
the aquarium of the pacific– feature
the museum of latin american art
the long beach museum of art


pasadena
the gamble house – feature
the huntington libray, art collections and botanical gardens – feature

jet propulsion laboratory– feature

the norton simon museum– feature
the pacific asia museum
pasadena museum of california art

orange county
the bowers museum
discovery science center
the muckenthaler center
richard nixon library & birthplace
south coast plaza mall
check out more los angeles attractions on tripadvisor.com.
find discount tickets to shows, events and attractions in los angeles and orange county at goldstar.com.
find and book los angeles tours and activities on viator.com. book ahead to save time and money!





save

californiafamily vacationhollywoodthings to do



cancun, kid stuff

interactive aquarium cancun

december 13, 2018 editor 



story and photos by kayte deioma 
there are lots of things to do outdoors with kids in cancun, from playing at the beach to exploring ancient pyramids, or boarding a pirate ship. if you want to escape indoors to escape the rain or the summer heat, try the interactive aquarium at la isla shopping center.
a scuba diver perched on a sunken motor boat in a glass tank on the front of the aquarium beckons passers-by to come in for a look.
being so close to one of the world’s great reefs, it’s natural that the reef is a primary focus of the aquarium’s exhibit. tanks are filled with colorful coral. black light shows off the greens and pinks of this living organism.
for help with identification, dried corals, crustaceans and sea shells are labeled in a display case at kid level.
shouts of “look! nemo!” come from near the clown fish tank, while neon yellow, electric blue and rainbow-striped angel fish draw enrapt attention nearby.
translucent jelly fish, called medusas in spanish, float gracefully through the dark. both the top-feeding moon jellies and the bottom-dwelling upside-down jellies are well represented.
in the flounder exhibit, you can watch these chameleon fish to blend into the ocean bottom as they swim from pale sand to dark gravel changing color and texture before your eyes to remain almost invisible.
the most interactive part of the aquarium is outdoors, but awnings will protect you from the rain or sun, and if you get really interactive, you’ll be in the water and won’t care. with the help of a friendly staff person, you can pet the sharks in the shark pool, but give the turtles and rays who keep them company their space.
the most popular activity at the aquarium is swimming with the dolphins in two outdoor pools. depending on what time you schedule your swim, you’ll either meet the atlantic or the pacific dolphins. watching the dolphins perform is included in admission, but swimming with the dolphins is an additional fee.
if you choose the educational program, you’ll spend a short while in the water petting and learning about the dolphins. for a bit more money, the advanced program makes you part of the show as dolphins circle you, jump over your head, kiss and shake hands, and finally a pair of dolphin noses pushing the bottom of your feet sends you flying through the water like neptune rising. dolphin swims may be cancelled in high winds, but won’t be disturbed by ordinary showers.
swimming with the dolphins requires a reservation. you may be able to get one the same day, but if it’s high season, you should book in advance to get your preferred time.
if you’d rather watch than swim, the jugo di limon seafood restaurant provides a covered, ringside view overlooking one of the dolphin pools.
interactive aquarium cancun
la isla shopping village
blvd. kukulcan, km 12.5
zona hotelera, cancun
reservations: (998) 883 0411, 01 (800) 012-0856
 www.aquariumcancun.com.
the interactive aquarium is included in the go cancun pass.
read reviews of the interactive aquarium on tripadvisor

cancunkid stuffthings to do with kids

posts navigation

1
2
…
65
next → 




sharing


you planned for everything…except the weather… things to do on a rainy day around the world and other travel tales

follow usdestinationsbangkok
berlin
boston
brazil
brussels
cancun
chicago
cleveland
detroit
dusseldorf, germany
geneva
france
guadalajara, mexico
hamburg
hollywood, california
ireland
london
long beach, california
los angeles
montreal, qc
new orleans
new york city
pasadena
quad cities
reno
san francisco
santa fe
bangkok
favorite travel blogs

berlin culture crawl
los angeles travel
nerd's eye view
perceptive travel bog
worldhum
your life is a trip








 about rainy day traveler 
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				









