








jkysc – jefferson kiwanis youth soccer club











































 













toggle search form






search for:






 








toggle navigation





                                                            jkysc                                                    


home
about 

sponsorships
board meeting minutes
policy & procedures 

communications policy
lightening/ thunder policy


history


programs 

referee certification
recreational soccer
recreational coaching
competitive soccer


coach’s corner 

recreational coaching
rules of the game
u12/u15 coaching plans
u6/u8 coaching


registration
contact us
demosphere








			jefferson county, ohio’s soccer club			        



find the latest news about jkysc on facebook (note: facebook tracking blocked)
coaching information

jkysc is always looking for referees! no experience necessary, all rules will be covered at least twice.  jkysc referees make $15 to $30 an hour, not bad for a part time gig.
referee information






jkysc would like to congratulate our u17 boys on their win ad edinboro and our u15 boys on winning westlake.  both teams won the silver division at each tournament which was the highest offered.  what makes these wins even more impressive was the u17 was almost entirely u16 and u15 kids playing up, and the u15 boys were 2/3rd u14 and u13 kids.  
coaches needed!
every season we are looking for coaches.  you do need to do everything below to be an assistant coach, which is required to run practices or help at games.  we always need more assistant coaches for u6 and u8.
become a coach!
referees needed
we are currently certifying new referees!  no experience necessary, all rules will be covered at least twice.  jkysc referees make $15 to $30 an hour, not bad for a part time gig.  see our referee page for more details.
referee information
the club uses one call for important announcements, and some coaches will use it as well for reaching out to their teams.  so please make sure your information is up to date in affinity and you are opted in to one call.











learn how one call now notification services can help you


















copyright- jkysc (2021)



                                                        made with  by graphene themes.                        




 







