



#1 - god's gospel free midi music - 60 free online piano lessons,  covering piano chords and piano progressions at hearandplay





















 

  
mel owens, webminister 
            of music
 (formerly known as the mel owens 
            electric church-in-a-box gospel midi page )
 (click 
      god's gospel banner above or enter below) 

mel owens



#1 god's gospel free midi music gospel  resources for the soul


free gospel midi music and files 
gospel music cds, videos, tapes


  online piano lesson 
              course
sheet music


music
              equipment
gospel
              song books, bibles 


gospel
              forums & message boards
christian
              internet greeting cards


christian affiliate marketing program
games






 
 


online piano lessons and music resources


   
              free online piano lessons
   the secrets 
              to playing any song by ear! 300 page course


    song robot software
   become a god's gospel 
              hearandplay affiliate


 
 


featuring
                contemporary, traditional and urban gospel artists like:
kirk franklin, hezekiah
                  walker, fred hammond, richard smallwood, commissioned, yolanda adams,
                  donald lawrence, trin-i-tee 5:7, dorothy norwood, dottie peoples, the
                  clark sisters, thomas a. dorsey, verolga nix, the gaithers, 
                the winans, and many, many more !!!  






 
              course catalog

"the whole enchilada" package - everything we have to offer (save over 45%)
now offering "try before you buy" and payment plan options - click here
now available: digital versions of most courses (save on shipping)

"secrets to playing piano by ear" 300pg course with bonus ear training software
this course is jam-packed with 300 pages of easy-to-understand instruction geared towards teaching you how to play by ear. every chapter has been specifically designed to give you a solid foundation and understanding of what playing the piano by ear is all about. from the basics and fundamentals to scales, chords, progressions, harmony, accompaniment, rhythm, and improvisation, you'll get it all in this comprehensive program.
if you want to take your skills to the next level in half the time, you owe it to yourself to to advantage of this incredible resource. click here to learn more or buy now


hear and play chords 101: introduction to chords
hear and play chords 101 will get you started playing chords the right way!
in 2 full hours of step-by-step audio instruction, we take you from the very beginning and explain how to construct various chords, when and where to use them, and how to apply them in real-life situations.
shortly after studying this innovative course, you'll be well on your way to playing popular chords and songs by ear. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


hear and play chords 102: the power of seventh chords
this audio course will start where chords 101 left off and show you step-by-step...

how to form various types of seventh chords and why they are so important in playing by ear.
why seventh chords are the foundation of many more extended chords like ninths, elevenths, thirteenths, and altered voicings.
the power of the "magic 3rd & 7th" and how manipulating them can help you to instantly play dozens of chords in all twelve keys... very easily!
and much more! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)



gospelkeys 101: hymns & congregational songs
this instructional course will teach you everything you need to know to start playing basic hymns and congregational songs by ear. we teach you a proven three step process and once you've mastered the system, you'll be able playing dozens of songs on your own in addition to the ones you'll learn by the end of the program!
if you're a beginner and would like to start playing gospel music by ear, this course is definitely for you! it moves at a very comfortable pace and leaves no questions unanswered. click here to learn more or buy now  (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospelkeys 202: mastering worship chords
gospel keys 202 dvd will show you, step-by-step, how to play contemporary worship music by ear.
we take you through every tone of the major scale and show you literally tons of chords you can play ranging from major, minor, diminished, dominant, sevenths, ninths, elevenths, thirteenths, altered chords, and more! then you'll learn how to pair these chords together to create small progressions we call "couples." these progressions create your contemporary worship music.
by the end of this program, you'll be playing full chord progressions and actual worship songs like "thank you lord," "hallelujah," and more! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospelkeys 300: exploring praise songs and charismatic styles
this course shows you how to play praise songs by ear. these are the uptempo-styled songs you hear in charismatic churches!
basically, once you know these five parts that are found in most praise songs, you'll have what it takes to play hundreds of them by ear! songs like "i get joy," "god is a good god," "bless that wonderful name of jesus," "what a mighty god we serve," and more)! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospelkeys 500: uptempo shouting music
gospelkeys 500 will give you the tools needed to master shouting music by ear.
in this course, shouting music is broken into three key sections: "the shouting intro," "the main loop period" and "the cool down." you'll explore each part, step-by-step.
you won't find shouting music taught in these 3 steps anywhere else so if you've always wanted to play fast, uptempo music in charismatic settings, then look no further. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospelkeys urban pro 600: contemporary chords and progressions
gospelkeys urban pro 600 will show you, step by step, how to master tons of contemporary and urban chords and voicings on every tone of the scale. similar to gospelkeys 202, you'll learn how to combine these modern, two-hand voicings into progressions and urban movements that are heard in countless numbers of gospel songs.
on top of that, the emphasis on how to use grace notes, slides, pivoting tones, fill-ins, and other nuances will give you many of the necessary techniques to take your contemporary gospel playing to that next level! you'll study everything from major, minor, dominant, diminished, augmented, seventh, ninth, eleventh, and thirteenth chords --- the big difference, however, is that you get loads of unique urban and contemporary ways to voice these chords. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospelkeys urban pro 625: phat urban chords explored
the sequel to gospelkeys urban pro 600, this audio program will show you even more urban and contemporary chords to implement in your playing right away!
not only that, but you'll learn how to use them in real-life chord progressions, urban movements, and songs.
once you learn these chords, you're guaranteed to turn heads. beginners, do not touch this course. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


christmas keys vol. 1: conquering christmas classics
the christmaskeys™ series will teach you everything you need to know to start playing christmas songs by ear.
you'll learn, step-by-step, how to pick out the melodies of famous christmas songs, how to choose the right chords to accompany these melodies, and how to spice up your chords and progressions to create full-sounding arrangements of your favorite holiday songs! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospelkeys organ 350: praise and devotional songs
this 2-hour dvd program is specifically designed for any church musician who's ready to take their organ playing to the next level by playing those toe-tapping, foot-stomping praise songs!
similar to the five parts taught in gospelkeys 300 (but on the organ, which is a totally different beast), we show you a system that'll enable you to play tons of praise songs by ear. we're talking about praise and devotional songs like "bless that wonderful name of jesus," "this little light of mine," "have you tried jesus," "glory, glory, hallelujah," and dozens more! if you want to know what it takes to get down on the organ, then this course is for you! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospelkeys organ 450: worship & advanced chord voicings
gospelkeys organ 450 "advanced worship chords & voicings" 2-hour course is for anyone ready to explore tons of two-hand, fancy worship chords on the organ!
step-by-step, you'll explore: extended chord voicings, polychords, inversions, two-hand combinations, worship movements, contemporary chords for every tone of the scale, passing tones, transitional chords, "couples," real-life examples, modernized hymns, and more!
by the end of this course, you'll have a fresh perspective on playing worship organ by ear forever... and you'll be playing real songs! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


hear and play jazz 101: jazz basics and fundamentals
hear and play jazz 101 will show you how to start playing jazz the right way. from the basic "12-bar blues" pattern to various soloing techniques and strategies, you'll be up and playing in no time!

the 7 secrets to playing signature solos like a pro... from a pro!
how to accelerate your jazz learning curve by combining 3 secret elements that the pros don't want you to know!
how to ensure that no matter what voicings and blues licks you play, they'll turn heads each and every time! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)



hear and play jazz 201: chords, licks, and soloing
not knowing how to improvise and being stuck in a box playing the same old chords feels bad. it's boring. it feels redundant. and you're not the only one who notices it --- others know that you're playing the same, dull stuff over and over too.
with hear and play jazz 201, no longer do you have to guess. we're finally revealing a step-by-step method to soloing, improvising, and playing jazz licks over any chords. it's a whopping 5 hours and loaded with tons of signature moves, licks, tricks, progressions, and real-life application. this is truly what thousands of would-be jazz musicians have been waiting for! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


mike bereal's gospelkeys master class volume 1
in this 3-hour master class series, the legendary michael bereal, who has played for just about everyone in the gospel industry (donnie mcclurkin, mary mary, kim burrell, judith mcallister, marvin sapp, etc), will show you how to spice up various parts of your church service by applying his closely-guarded chords, progressions, "runs," and tricks. by the end of the course, you'll have new and exciting chords and movements to play during worship, praise, shouting, and even "talking" moments of the service.
if you've always wondered how the professionals voice their chords and movements, then you can't afford to miss this master class series! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


jason white's gospelkeys ministry musician volume 1
this 4.5 hour course aims to teach you how to add your own flavor to hymns, the old school shuffle and how to apply it to old-time devotional songs like "i'm on the battlefield," worship and "mood" music, choir songs, praise songs, church "bebop," shouting music, and a whole lot more!
most importantly, you get exposed to the other side of church musicianship and what your role as a musician or minister of music should be. jason takes literally 20+ years of experience and lays it in your lap in a fun, informative, entertaining way.
not only will he keep you at the edge of your seat, but he'll keep you interested and smiling throughout the entire course. you'll enjoy his occasional singing with the songs he teaches and his "church talk" in between.
if you've always looked up to musicians like jason white and never imagined being able to learn from someone of this caliber, now's your chance! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


p.i.t.c.h™: ear-training system
what if you could train your ear right from your computer?
pitch is a revolutionary system that has been carefully designed with advanced intelligence that knows exactly what questions to ask you based on which exercises you get right and wrong. a learning tool that drills you on notes, scales, chords, intervals, and even allows you to sing and mimic what you hear (using the microphone on your computer or a usb headset mic). in fact, you'll be able to connect a small midi keyboard and answer the questions interactively.
if you struggle with ear-training and need one-on-one training, pitch is your solution. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


hear and play drums 101: drum basics & fundamentals
hear and play drums 101 makes the path to playing drums by ear easier than ever before.
step-by-step, you'll explore your role as a drummer, how to hold drumsticks, how to quickly develop independence between your hands and feet, coordination, posture, how to play "straight-ahead" beats, pocket-playing, common rhythms, and how to do basic fills.
this course is a wonderful introduction for anyone looking to play drums from scratch. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


hear and play drums 102: intermediate licks & tricks
with hear and play drums 102, you'll enjoy learning tons of 4/4, cut-time, and off-beat patterns as kennieth "bam" alexander takes you through various genres like jazz, gospel, rock, funk, latin, and others!
you'll also learn various fills, grooves, patterns, and tricks to add to your playing almost immediately! if you've finished the 101 course or have prior experience, pick up this video and you'll have tons of things to add to your playing! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


hear and play drums 103: advanced licks, tricks, & grooves
this course was creatively engineered for any drummer looking to add professional "licks" and fancy "tricks" to their repertoire!
from various advanced grooves and beats to several stop patterns and cymbal/hi-hat runs, you'll be equipped with tons of practical elements to add to your playing immediately! these aren't licks and tricks you'll learn from an ordinary private teacher... these are "school-of-hard-knock" licks from an experienced pro who's willing to show you, step-by-step, what he's picked up over the years! click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)

click here for package deals

hear and play hanon volume 1
we've transformed these classic exercises to be useful to musicians who don't sight read.
of course, we've also added our own special touch and give you insider secrets and insights that you'd only get from the experience of a seasoned pro! in other words, now you don't have to be classically-trained and in a traditional setting to benefit from these drills known as "hanon exercises" (usually just "hanon" for short). we break them down, step-by-step, in video format and show you everything you need to know to benefit from what hanon has to offer!
if you want to improve your speed, independence, accuracy, dexterity, and coordination, this hanon exercise video is for you. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


hear and play 702: piano by ear for starters
the hear and play 702 audio series is a 2-hour, 2-disc set that specializes in taking you from the very beginning all the way to playing basic songs (popular ones at that). you'll study everything from the notes on the piano, scales, and basic chords to melody, harmonization, and even progressions!
if you're a newbie and want to be up and playing in less than a few days, you can't afford to miss this opportunity at this incredible price. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


hear and play vocal mastery series
a whopping 10-disc set, this course specializes in teaching you everything you need to know to start singing the right way.
from the basics and fundamentals to more involved techniques and exercises, you'll get a comprehensive education on the what, why, and "how" of singing. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)



hear and play salsa piano 101: salsa basics
if you've always wanted to learn how to play salsa & latin styles, look no further!
salsa piano 101 uncovers the basic rhythms and fundamentals you need to get started the right way. you'll learn the secrets to playing the classic montuno pattern along with tons of latin-based chords and progressions! from bass lines, chromatic walk-downs, and passing chords to clave rhythms, fill-ins, and harmonic movements, you'll get it all in this comprehensive 2-hour course. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


gospel guitar 101: how to play praise songs on the guitar --- new!!!
in this revolutionary 2-hour course, expert guitar instructor bobby griffin covers everything from the basics and fundamentals like guitar parts, posture, frets, strings, and strumming to full-sounding praise songs that can be performed in church within weeks, if not days.
you'll enjoy exploring the various parts of praise songs and how to bring them to life with various chords like major, minor, dominant, sevenths, ninths, elevenths, thirteenths, and even altered chords. additionally, you'll learn patterns, chord movements, fill-ins, muting, rhythm, and a host of other techniques.
while this is a beginners course and will introduce you to the basics and fundamentals, it also covers a lot of ground by revealing how to play full praise songs by the end. you'll be playing hand-clapping, foot-stomping songs like "bless that wonderful name of jesus," "this little light of mine," "glory glory, hallelujah," and more.
discover:

the five parts to a praise song and how to recognize them with your ear.

various methods to figure out what type of praise song is being sung.

dozens of chords and voicings to keep your praise songs sounding different each time!

the same chords, patterns, and praise song structures played in over 100 songs (once you know the structure, you can play tons of these songs)!

 click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


"advanced guitar 301: licks, tricks, and solos"
in this comprehensive program, you'll enjoy learning tons of "licks" and "tricks" in 4 different genres of music: funk, gospel, r&b, and jazz.
in each of those genres, we start by teaching you the underlying chords that make up the patterns you're hearing. so if you're in the "funk" section, you'll start by learning the funk chords he's using as a bare minimal (even beginners can benefit from this part).
then we proceed to break down 5 unique riffs, runs, licks, or tricks you can play over these same chords. in fact, the underlying chords and patterns hardly change. but you learn dozens of ways to approach improvising over them. we do this for funk, r&b (soul), gospel (shouting music), and jazz.
by the end, you'll have 20 professional, advanced soloing licks you can pull out the cupboard at any time. click here to learn more or buy now (new!!! downloadable digital versions now available)


"song robot - song learning software"
with the power of technology, you can finally turn your computer into a song-teaching machine... that never sleeps, never charges by the hour... doesn't get frustrated... and repeats as much as you want!
it's called "song robot!" you simply load song files into it and it shows you, on demand, how to play them on a big virtual keyboard.

it can slow down songs, "turtle speed."
it transposes songs to all 12 keys so you're not stuck in one key.
you have the choice of learning with huge, red/blue colored notes that light up or a real-looking 3d version of a piano.
you can stop, pause, rewind, fast forward.
you can even load your favorite audio files and have it remove vocals so you can practice (they can even be slowed down and put in all 12 keys... real albums!)
and much more!

 click here to learn more (downloadable) * click here to order


"musician breakthrough complete set"

musician breakthrough is the biggest, most revolutionary program of its kind.
it's 14 discs, 16 hours, and features 7 of the most respected, most talented, and most revered west coast musicians in the world.

each of these musicians covers fresh and unique ways to approach the church service. they each delve into the 5 dimensions of the church service, providing you with several different perspectives: praise, shouting, traditional/hymns, worship, & transitional music.
all in all, it includes 35 segments of pure gold. they break down everything they're doing in plain english, step by step, and with the assistance of the virtual keyboard that lights up every note so you never miss a beat.
if you're already playing and looking for that edge, musician breakthrough is your answer. click here to learn more or buy now

click here to order "the whole enchilada" package - everything we have to offer (save over 45%)
your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
related posts:

10 worship video lesson clips (preview)
jazz 201 released!!!

 
black gospel and jazz piano lessons, organ, keyboard and drum resources
 
jazz.gospellessons.net 
                  jazz piano lessons essentials
jazz 101
                    jazz 201 

gospelkeys xtreme 
                  learn the secrets to playing urban and contemporary gospel music by ear --- now!
http://www.learngospel.net

 
godsgospel store 
                  piano and organ lessons 
                  all of your gosepel music needs!
http://www.learngospelpiano.net
                  two amazing artists that, through the above website links, are willing to share with you all they've learned. pj morgan: contemporary gospel piano, pj morgan: organ master's class, cassandra o'neal: west coast piano. they're going to personally show you step-by-step and over-the-shoulder all of the licks and tricks that have given them the opportunity to play with gospel greats including yolanda adams, kim burrell, shirley caesar, donald lawrence, daryl coley, the kurt carr singers, judith, christie mcallister, john p. key and more. check it out. gospelkeys ultimate series - learn how to play contemporary gospel piano and organ from pj morgan and cassandra o'neal ---- p.j. morgan's piano and organ lessons. cassandra o'neal's west coast piano - learn to play gospel songs by ear!
gospelkeys 300 
                  learn to play praise songs by ear!
                    http://www.godsgospel.com/gk300check.html 
http://www.gospelpianolessons.net

god's gospel
http://www.godsgospel.com
                  a large collection of traditional and contemporary gospel midi files. #1 - god's gospel free midi music - 60 free piano lesson's from hearandplay. gospel affiliate marketing program. free black gospel midi music. gospel sheet music. over 60 free online piano lessons. learn piano by ear online without having a piano lesson teacher. learn christian gospel and jazz music by ear using music theory piano lessons and ear-training at hearandplay. play any song the proper chord. enhance your playing by listen to a midi file. piano lesson's online, learn how to play the piano and get an online keyboard lesson. beginner piano lesson and free piano instruction online, learn the basic to advanced levels.

god's gospel is a site that provides a huge collection of free gospel midi to the internet community. there you will find traditional to contemporary gospel songs. the midi format is perfect for individuals listening as background music or for organizations without a musician that wish to supplement worship services with quality music. the site is free but donations are accepted to keep the internet music ministry free and available to all. combine the songs on this site with a lyric link and you have a perfect church service right on your computer. you can find the site athttp://www.godsgospel.com it is well worth the visit.

chords 
                  chording
                  learn any chord in seconds! any chord or scale. simply pick the root ( "c", "f", "g" or what ever). 

online piano lessons and gospel music theory and ear-training 
                  instruction from god's gospel & hearandplay.
                  http://www.godsgospel.com/course.htm
http://gospeltips.com/300pg
http://gospeltips.com/main
http://www.playgospel.org
                  some free self-pace interactive online piano lesson course. learn to play gospel and contemparary jazz music on the piano or keyboard by ear. learn about notes, music theory and rhythm. piano lesson's online, learn how to play the piano and get an online keyboard lesson. beginner piano lesson and free piano instruction online, learn the basic to advanced levels. god's gospel free midi music - 60 free piano lesson's from hearandplay. gospel affiliate marketing program. 60 free self-pace interactive online piano lesson course. learn to play gospel and contemparary jazz music on the piano or keyboard by ear. learn about notes, music theory and rhythm.
the secrets to playing piano by ear-300 pg course & cd: 
http://www.hearandplay.com/ggcourse

gospelkeys series 
                  learn to play gospel music, praise songs, worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more! click one of the following links now for more information! 
http://www.hearandplay.com/go/?p=a314731&w=gospelkeys
http://www.gospelpianolesson.com
http://www.gospellessons.net
http://www.gospelpianoteacher.com
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/gggkeys.html
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/gggk.html
http://www.gospelpiano.net
                  learn to play praise songs, worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more! learn to play any gospel song by ear with our 300 page course, gospelkeys videos, dvd's and interactive musician's forum from god's gospel and hearandplay. learn to play gospel music including black gospel and southern gospel.
 
gospelkeys500 
                  learn to play fast, uptempo shouting music by ear in 3 steps!
http://www.godsgospel.com/godsgospel_gospelkeys500.html
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/gggospelkeys500.html
                  learn to play fast, uptempo shouting music by ear in 3 steps!
 
gospelkeys 202 
learn to play praise songs, worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more!
                    http://gospeltips.com/gk202
                  learn to play praise songs, worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more!.
                  special! - gospelkeys 202 special edition dvd 
                  learn to play praise music by ear. series i, ii, iii, bonus iv
 
christmaskeys 
learn, step-by-step, how to play christmas classics and holiday christmas music by ear. silent night, the first noel, o come all ye faithful, and more christmas songs on the piano!
http://www.godsgospel.com/christmaskeys.html
http://gospeltips.com/ck1
                  learn to play christmas songs within 27 minutes. learn worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more!.learn, step-by-step, how to play christmas classics and holiday christmas music by ear. silent night, the first noel, o come all ye faithful, and more christmas songs on the piano!
 
god's gospel's hearandplay.com's affiliate program application
                  music webmasters, join our affiliate program and earn cash from your site. 
                  click or copy one of the following addresses into your browser and hit enter to check it out: 
http://gospeltips.com/affsignup
                  don't let this opportunity pass you by. 
                  god's gospel affiliate programs directory - hearandplay - internet marketing company, christian affiliate programs - a comprehensive, searchable directory of affiliate/associate programs, marketing tips, and an award-winning newsletter, only the programs that can help you make money! top affiliate portal. free newsletters providing tips and hints on becoming successful with your website.
 
 
#1 gospel piano, organ, keyboard and drum lessons courses. easily learn black, southern, christian, traditional, contemporary and urban gospel piano, organ, keyboard and drums with beginner to advanced level courses. music theory by ear training, no teacher needed. hearandplay, godsgospel.com.
buy black gospel piano lessons, learn black gospel music, lessons, organ courses, keyboard instruction, music theory, order piano lessons, gospelpianolesson, gospel organ lesson, drum lessons, gospelkeys4u, gospeltips, chord substitution, play by ear, hearandplay music, gospelkeys, musical progressions, improvisational techniques, praise, worship, jazz, blues, evangelistic, church songs, christian hymns, free midi music downloads, play sheetmusic, 314731, 254814, god's gospel, online beginner to advanced piano teacher, home study, instructor







 
 




 gospel piano, organ, keyboard and drum lessons dvd, cd, & tape resources





  gospelkeys 
                        101 learning system
    gospelkeys 
                          101 will 
                            teach you everything you need to know to get started playing basic hymns 
                            and congregational songs by ear.  if you're a beginner and would like 
                            your very own gospel piano teacher on dvd, this course is 
                            definitely for you! this dvd course moves 
                          at a very comfortable pace and leaves no questions unanswered. 
 you will be shown, step-by-step, how to  harmonize every single tone of the major scale ---  and since songs are based on melodies (and melodies are based on major 
                            scales), you'll be able to harmonize most songs immediately 
                              after learning these concepts.  in 90 minutes, 
                                you'll learn a variety of chords, inversions, melodies, and will be 
                              playing over a half-dozen songs by the end!
 note: this course 
                            may not be suitable for "ultra" advanced players. this is a basic "101" course on harmonization and creation of simple hymns and 
                          congregational songs.
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
  gospelkeys 202 
                          learning system
 gospelkeys 202 special edition will teach you 
                              everything you need to know to play all of your favorite slow worship songs by ear! it will show you, step-by-step, how to play tons of worship chords and progressions that you can start 
                              using in your songs right away! not only will you learn all the chords, 
                              progressions, "licks" and "tricks" you need to contemporize any tune, 
                              but you'll also learn several worship classics like "thank 
                                you lord," 
                            "hallelujah," "as 
                                the deer," "anointing" 
                            and more!
in 5 hours(...yes, five 
                            hours/4 discs), you'll master over 60 chords and inversions, "couples," 
                          and progressions. by disc 2, you'll be combing chords to create worship 
                              movements found in many gospel songs. by the end of the course, 
                            you'll be playing full-sounding songs that you can use in your worship 
                          service right away!  
note: you can start learning all the 
                            worship songs you've ever wanted to play with the power of "patterns" 
                          and "couples." take advantage of this course today!
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course



 
 
 


  gospelkeys 300 
                        learning system
gospelkeys 300 will teach you how to play just about any praise song you can think of! 
                              on your own, it would take months to learn every single praise song, 
                              one-by-one. believe it or not, many people do it this way and get tired 
                            because learning new songs seems never-ending. or...
you can spend 
                            minimal time learning the five parts that'll allow you to 
                            master hundreds of 
                            songs by ear. yes ... gk300 will cover several songs in the video but these 
                            are meant to show you exactly how to play all the other songs that 
                            follow these same patterns. basically, once you know these five parts, 
                            they are repeated over and over in praise song after praise ("i get joy 
                            when i think about," "god is a good god," "bless that wonderful name of 
                          jesus," and more).
plus, 
                            there are a few bonus sections included in the course that will show you how to 
                            accompany a charismatic preacher, how to utilize your left hand while 
                            playing with a bass player, and how to play praise songs in all 12 keys 
                          (2 hours total).
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
  gospelkeys 500 
                          learning system
 gospel keys 500 will 
                            show you how to discover the three main parts of shouting music and what it takes to master this style of up-tempo playing.  with this over-the-shoulder approach, you will be sure to 
                          learn tons of bass runs, right-hand movements, licks, and tricks.
master shouting music by learning  never-before-seen 
                            techniques. in this course, shouting music is broken into three key sections: "the 
                              shouting intro," "the 
                                main loop period" and "the 
                                cool-down." you'll explore each part, step-by-step. you won't find shouting music taught in these 3 steps anywhere else!
 added benefit:  you'll also learn 
                            about the power tritones in shouting music and how they allow your right hand to 
                            play super-fast movements, fill-ins, and runs while maintaining the left 
                            hand. other topics covered are "stride piano," "modulation," "role 
                          reversal techniques," and "linear shouting styles!"
 total: 2 hours
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course




 
 
 


 
 
 


 
  gospelkeys organ 350 learning system
gospelkeys        organ 350 will         show you, step-by-step, how to play        hand-clapping, foot-stomping praise songs on the        organ! from bass runs, to left-hand movements and right-hand fill-ins,        you'll get an in-depth look at how the gospel pros play praise and        devotional music on the organ!
gospelkeys 350 "praise and          devotional songs"  2-hour dvd course is for any spiritual musician ready          to take their organ playing to the next level! step-by-step, you'll          explore:
bass lines, alternative walks,        left-hand comping, right-hand fill-ins and movements, turnarounds,        short-styled praise songs, long-styled praise songs, vamps, final endings,        and more! 
by the end of the course,        you'll be playing full praise and devotional songs like "bless that        wonderful name of jesus," "this little light of mine," "have you tried        jesus," and dozens more!
also: for a limited time,        you'll receive an 80-pg        chord reference pamphlet that will show you close-up shots of every        chord and progression taught in the course!
 
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 

 
 
  gospelkeys organ 450 learning system
gospelkeys        organ 450 will show you everything you need to know to        start playing worship chords, songs, and progressions on the organ! you'll        enjoy exploring tons of two-handed voicings, common patterns, and insider organ techniques that were previously only shared among the expert organists!
gospelkeys 450 "advanced          worship chords & voicings"  2-hour dvd course is for any spiritual          musician ready to explore tons of organ chords, inversions, movements,          and more! step-by-step, you'll explore:
extended voicings, polychords,        inversions, two-hand combinations, worship movements, chords for every        tone of the scale, passing tones, transitional chords, "couples,"        real-life examples, modernized hymns, and more! 
by the end of this course,        you'll have a fresh perspective on playing worship organ by ear forever!        you'll learn the same chord progressions used in songs like "lord i lift        your name on high," "lord you are awesome," "i need you," "thank you        lord," and more!
bonus material: for a        limited time, you'll also receive a 40-pg chord reference        pamphlet that will show you close-up shots of every chord and        progression taught in the course ( ...and if you get this course along        with the organ "praise" dvd, that's a whopping 120 pages of chords)!
also added: an        additional third dvd (30 minutes) on how to play uptempo shouting music on the organ and a mini-tutorial on drawbars and organ settings
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course



                   
                   


 
 
 


 
gospelkeys   		urban pro 600 !

 gospelkeys urban pro 600 will help you learn to play urban-style gospel music by ear that's been literally dunked in a bucket of west-coast flavor. this style of gospel music is the latest and absolute hottest style in churches across the country right now. i mean, everyone is trying to learn it. *trying* is the key word!

                          the only problem is that it's very hard to find materials on urban or "west-coast" gospel music!

                          in this course, we cover a systematic method to play gospel music in a brand new way that's really going to make that congregation want to jump to its feet. in other words, we take you through a chord-by-chord learning process that'll enable you not only to learn the voicing and fingering movements, we show you step by step, but to master literally tons of urban chord patterns!

 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
 


new
gospelkeysurban pro 625 audio series
 
1) gospelkeys urban pro 625 audio disc        1: this is where you'll learn the basics and fundamentals to        playing urban and contemporary worship chords, voicings, and progressions.        this will serve as a foundation for the fast-paced, second half of the        course...
2)  gospelkeys urban pro 625 audio        disc 2: this is where we take it up a notch and explores dozens of chords you        can immediately use in your playing to contemporize your sound and give it        that urban, west-coast feel that's coveted by many!
between both discs,        you'll be well-covered and shown everything you need to get your        contemporary playing to the next level...
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 


                   
                   


 
 
 


 

gospelkeys master class vol. 1


gospelkeys 
                          master class vol. 1
                            "now
                              you can learn tons of extremely personal secrets from one of the
                              best gospel musicians ever to touch  the keyboard - mike
                              bereal!"
                          - get contemporary! now you can spice your
                              traditional gospel playing with loads of phat
                            chords and placements from one of the hottest gospel musicians on the
                            planet! (mike has played for mary mary, judith mcallister,
                          beverly crawford, donnie mcclurkin, and many more!)
 
- decorate your playing with
                          "unexpected" transitional chords and progressions that are
                          sure to turn heads as soon as they're played!
 
 - learn
                            how to flip boring chords into sweet
                          chords by simply using the melody!

 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
 



hearandplaydrums series learning system


hearandplaydrums series will 
                            show you how to achieve maximum results on the drum set.  our drum lessons for the play-by-ear drummer will have you playing like the pros in no time at all.
                          the gospel drumming system and drum dvd lessons will teach you new drum beats, drum fills, drum solo ideas, and more using complete songs, exercises, and tutorials that will teach you what it takes to master all styles of slow to up-tempo playing. with this over-the-shoulder approach, you will be sure to learn tons of runs, movements, licks, and tricks!!!
we've snatched one of the best drummers on the west coast (our good friend and professional drummer, k. alexander).  he covers everything from drum grooves from various genres like funk, jazz, gospel, rock, and tons of advanced licks and tricks)!!! 
master playing drums by ear by learning  never-before-seen 
                          techniques. in this drum learning series, our course is broken into three key sections: "hearandplaydrums 101" for the beginner," "hearandplaydrums 102 for the intermediate drummer" and "hearandplaydrums 103 for advance level drummers and percussionists." 
if you're interested in playing drums as a professional,  playing drums in a church setting or worship group, or just playing for fun, this unique set of lessons is for you. our gospel praise and worship drumming lessons system by percussionist and teacher k. alexander is a clear and concise guide for the beginning to the professional drummer and also a must-have for the non-drumming worship leader, music director, and minister of music. 
covering a wide variety of musical styles, these courses include lessons on rhythmic fundamentals, drum set anatomy, techniques and more. our lessons contain many examples for both demonstration, practice  and play-along with step-by-step examples. you won't find drum lessons taught in this fast and easy to learn way anywhere else!
unlike private lessons - the gospel drumming lessons system won't cost you a fortune, it doesn't require that you try out a bunch of local teachers to find a qualified one, and it is certainly much more convenient. you can practice what you want, when you want, and progress at your own pace!
 
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 


                   
                   


 
 
 


 

gospelkeys x 
 gospelkeys x
"urban worship             classic"
                            dvd course
 step-by-step,             you'll learn:
 - the key principles behind ab               runs (upward and downward movements). if you're not playing               these runs, then you're definitely in for a treat.

                          - how to drive the worship               service. this is known as warfare and high praise moments of               the service (especially during the prophetic).!

                          - how to dive into various worship vamps like "lord i worship you, i worship you." these examples               are geared towards teaching you how to play the vamps of tons of               other  contemporary worship songs!
 -  how to implement "disney" sounding chords               into your gospel piano playing! yes, i said "disney." these               techniques will blow you away!
  
 duration: 2.0  hours
 
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
 



                            gospelkeys xtreme

 gospelkeys xtreme
"urban &             contemporary worship xtreme" 
                            dvd course
 step-by-step, you'll learn:
 -  how to take your urban worship playing               to the next level by mastering more complex chord movements,               progressions, and contemporary patterns! 

                          - the secret behind the magical               "major seventh chord on steroids" and how to               immediately apply these "phat" contemporary chords to all your               songs!
 - how to unleash the power of the "ditone," the secret sister of the well-known "tritone!" hint:  using ditones on your left hand drastically improves your sound. you'll  learn, step-by-step, how to do this!
 - how to apply the "half note instant phatness trick" to most of the chord progressions you already know! learn how               to make all your chords sound full (aka "phat") in no time!
 


 ...and so much more!


duration: 8.0 hours
 
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 


                   
                   


 
 
 


 

jazz 101 
learn from a pro! 

introducing the all-new jazz 101 series!
 *  quickly and easily form tons of jazz chord patterns and runs that are guaranteed to have you standing out from the crowd.

                          *  accelerate your jazz learning curve by combining 3 secret elements that the pros don't want you to know!

                          *  how to ensure that no matter what voicings and blues licks you play, they'll turn heads each and every time!

                          *  the 7 secrets to playing signature solos like a pro from a pro! 
...and much more
no longer will it take you years to learn to play jazz!!! 
"24 year old pre-med scholar and jazz pro 
                            slices your learning curve in half and 
                            reveals tons of shortcuts to kick-start 
                          your jazz piano playing today!
james wrubel has been wowing crowds in the jazz world since the mere age of 5 years old! being classically trained at one of the most widely-known musical institutions in the country,  has provided him with the superior knowledge and application needed to shine while performing with both the award-winning student orchestra under los angeles philharmonic concertmaster alexander treger as well as some of the top jazz musicians around the globe!
his diverse ability is best evidenced in light of his additional performing credentials in both latin jazz and afro-cuban music as well as many other jazz styles (...talk about multi-dimensional)
great musicians (...or at least the ones that sound better than "good" ones) have a few traits in common.
 * they have specialized knowledge of a variety of genres and can "activate" any of these playing modes in an instant.

                          * they are unpredictable in that their playing incorporates various styles regardless of what primary genre they're operating in.

                          * they are multi-dimensional. basically, they never run out of things to play.

                          * they are not afraid to explore musical elements outside their comfort zone.

                          * their musical growth never reaches a final destination but is a continuous journey.
no one wants to be labeled by others as "one-dimensional". and to be honest, knowing only one style of music is pretty boring. as a musician, excitement and unpredictability is the name of the game!
just being able to understand jazz will ignite your creative side and allow you to accelerate your improvisational skills that can be used to instill your own personal touch in literally everything you play... regardless of the genre.
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
 



                            jazz 201

the time is finally here! learning to improvise,
                            solo, and add your own flavor and style to songs has
                            never been easier. no more having to struggle to
                            learn jazz improvisation on your own.

                          no more paying endless amounts of money for a
                          private instructor just to tell you "you'll get there soon."
you don't have to go to jazz concerts anymore saying
                          "i wish i could do that." if you truly want to start
                            playing jazz by ear right away, look no further.

 

                          because now, all you have to do is slip a dvd into
                          your computer, laptop, or video player and learn
                          literally everything you need to know to take your
                          jazz piano playing to
                          the next level.

 
 

                          in this 5-hour, 4-disc set of practical instruction,
                          you'll be taken by the hand and shown, step-by-step,
                          how to master tons of jazz chords and soloing tips,
                          tricks, and techniques
                          that'll have you sounding like a pro very soon.
 
 
 


 learns the
                                secret about major scales that most top musicians use
                                in their urban gospel
                                playing but never want to
                                talk about.



 understand
                                the underlying similarities
                                and differences between the 3 most popular
                                types of seventh chords used
                                in urban playing and how to
                                place them in a way you'd
                                never imagine!



   "individualize" your style
                                and set yourself apart from the pack by utilizing
                                tons of extended chords and
                                two-hand voicings that are
                                only known by a few (he's
                                risking his reputation by
                              giving away these secrets).





 learn the
                                secrets to building fancy
                                minor seventh chords for use in contemporary
                                worship settings (....this
                                is extremely important and
                                will have you sounding
                                several times better the
                                minute you implement them).



  find out the secrets to the
                              "7th tone" and when to lower it.
                                between the 3rd and 7th
                                tones of your chords lie
                                many secrets that allow you
                                to instantly manipulate
                                almost any chord to produce 



 ...and so much more!


 
 
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 


                   
                   



 

#1 salsa piano lessons, tricks & tips - learn in 1/2 the time!




improvise salsa - our tricks & lessons 
                              cuts learning curb in 1/2!



                              put the following address in your browser or click the image below:
                            





 click here for more information

 



 
 





  







 "get
                            a fresh start... and discover
                            the secrets to quickly & easily playing all your
                            favorite songs on the  piano by ear in 2015!"
  ...using the same exact system thousands of musicians
                                are using to play anything they hear on
                              the radio in just a few minutes!"

dear
                                fellow musician,
 
                                have you always wanted to learn to play the piano but
                                never had the time or the money...or worst of all spent
                                    endless amounts money that you really didn't have on lessons that were "supposed"
                                  to teach you but left you even further back than where
                                  you started?

                                  well, if this sounds like you and you want to start
                                  2008 off right by playing all of your favorite songs by ear,
                                  i've definitely found that someone (...and that
                                  something) that's going to help you do it - guaranteed!
  
                                          the guy who i'm talking about is none other than
                                              jermaine griggs, the pioneer of the award-winning "hear
                                                and play" concept. this man has created the best and
                                                easy to understand  home piano study courses i've ever
                                                seen. and he's offering it for an incredible price for
                                                those who want to add playing the piano to the list of
                                                resolutions you actually stick to :::wink:::.

                                                this system is loaded! i mean, it includes an
                                                interactive course book of 300 pages that's split up into 20 chapters. and it's
                                                not just a bunch of pictures either. 
 
each page is
                              literally jam-packed with with tons of expert techniques,
                                interactive diagrams, and challenging quizzes that are
                                guaranteed to teach you (step-by-step and
                                over-the-shoulder) everything you've always wanted to
                                know about your "scales," "chords,"  "chord
                                  progressions," "notes," "fill-ins," "runs," and more!

                                that's not all, this special "ultimate starter
                                course"
                                also includes one of his most talked about products to
                                date, gospel keys 101. in almost 2-hours of footage, he takes you
                                by the
                                hand and shows you step-by-step how to turn your
                                one-note melodies into full-sounding songs by using 3
                              easy steps.
lastly,
                              you'll also be receiving a special edition copy of his brand new hear and play chords
                              audio series!
                              this one is loaded with over 4 h-o-u-r-s worth of audio instruction
                              that you'll be able to take literally anywhere and
                            practice. 
i mean, you can slip it into your car stereo
                              on the way to work, pop it in your portable cd player,
                              or even upload it to your ipod. this is the new way the
                            world is learning music. make sure you're a part of it.
so if you
                              act now, the package not only will include a
                              comprehensive, step-by-step, 300-pg workbook and
                              accompanying software cd, but also comes complete with 2
                              audio programs that you can listen to in your car or on
                              the go (that's 4 additional hours). that's not all...
                              you also get a 90-minute dvd covering the  basics and
                                fundamentals to playing music by ear. so we've got all
                            angles covered... 

                            in this course you'll be able to...



-play piano without having to rely solely on sheet music
                                    or chord symbols (more on this later).

-be able to hum a tune, then
                                      immediately play it on the 
                                    piano in a few minutes.

                                    -be able to hear something on the radio or on a favorite 
                                    album and immediately understand what's
                                    happening in the 
                                    song without being at a piano. 

                                    -sit down at the piano and play exactly
                                        what they feel... 
                                    entertain guests and simply enjoy music.

-play in a band with other musicians  who play by ear and be 
                                    able to follow along and improvise when the
                                    time is right. 

                                    -play at church, accompany quartets  or singing groups, and 
                                    perform at special occasions without any
                                    fear or hesitation.

-learn music at a comfortable pace without being forced to pay a teacher
                                      $30-$50 or more per hour.
                                    -and so much
                                        more!






 click here for more information
 click here to order this course





  **limited time offer**




 


                            be blessed,


                              mel, web-minister of music
http://www.godsgospel.com  
http://gospeltips.com
http://myhomemusiclessons.com










  
 



 gospel drum lessons for the play by ear drummer !!! 





 hearandplaydrums 
                          101 learning system
    hearandplaydrums 
                              101 will 
                                teach you everything you need to know to get started playing basic gospel, jazz, funk and rock drums by ear.  if you're a beginner and would like 
                                your very own gospel drum teacher on dvd, this course is 
                                definitely for you! this dvd course moves 
                              at a very comfortable pace and leaves no questions unanswered. 
 you will be shown, step-by-step, everything from the basics and fundamentals - like how to hold the drumsticks, rudiments, how to practice, drum parts, basic rhythms. important groove-building tips that you can use to improve the "feel" of your drumming. this will make you a more musical drummer. 
you will be introduced to bass drum techniques with tips for various styles of music.  you will learn how to play drums using the basic idea of fills.  you will learn stroke roll exercises that use a variety of note values to improve your sense of time, paradiddle exercises designed to develop basic stick control which will become extremely valuable when you move on to the intermediate and advanced lessons. they can also be used to develop impressive drum solos! 
 note: this course 
                          may not be suitable for "ultra" advanced players. this is a basic "101" course on basics and fundamentals - like how to hold the drumsticks, rudiments, how to practice, drum parts, basic rhythms and creation of simple songs.
  click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
 hearandplaydrums 102 
                          learning system
hearandplaydrums 102 will teach you 
                              everything you need to know, step-by-step, how to play tons of techniques and rhythms including open/close hi-hat beats that will further challenge your left-foot, and add more independence. cross-sticking - including beats you can use to implement this simple, but unique, snare drum technique into your everyday playing. off-beat hi-hat patterns to build independence in your right hand (or left if you are left-handed). tom-based beats that incorporate both hands around the toms to create a completely different feel than standard hi-hat, snare, and kick drum beats. half-time grooves to give you examples of how you can mix things up within a song to alter the "feel". single and double stroke rolls to create unique hi-hat patterns. fills that incorporate eighth note triplets, sixteenth notes, and sixteenth note triplets for added complexity! common song enders that you can use to close out a song with an exciting finish!

                            these are very musical patterns, techniques, "licks" and "tricks" that you will want to add to your toolbox and start using in your songs right away!  

                            in just a few hours, you'll master over 100 techniques,  rhythms and patterns.  things like "bass drum doubles" for a unique feel.   in just a couple of hours, you'll be combing fills, rolls, grooves and patterns to create movements found in many gospel, jazz, funk, and rock songs. 

                            by the end of the course, 
                            you'll be playing full songs that you can use in your gigs or worship 
                            service  right away! 
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course 


 
 
 


 hearandplaydrums 103 learning system
 hearandplaydrums 103 will teach you how to play drums for just about any song you can think of! 
                            on your own, it would take months to learn every thing.  our advance drummer lessons will teach you patterns that are designed to truly challenge even the most advanced drummers!
in our advanced gospel drum lessons course you will quickly learn additional ride/hi-hat combination patterns that mix things up, crossover patterns and exercises that can be used to develop speed around the drum kit, hand/feet combinations that use the hands and feet to create blazing fast patterns that can be used for fills or drum solos, complete drum solos in which k. alexander demonstrates how you can use many of the patterns and techniques taught in this drum lessons series to create your own solos!
you'll spend 
                            minimal time learning our drumming system that'll allow you to 
                            master hundreds of 
                            songs by ear in just minutes. our advanced drum lessons are meant to show you exactly how to play all the songs that 
                            follow the same or similar patterns. basically, once you know these patterns and beats 
                          (that are repeated over and over in most songs) you will know how to play every song there is!!!
 
plus, 
                            there are a few bonus sections included in the course that will show you how to 
                          accompany a charismatic preacher and choir.
 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 
playbetter with
                          hanon piano finger exercises
play faster and cleaner 
                            than you've ever played before... 

  it's not just what you play, it's how you play it! a "major                scale" played slow may sound basic and elementary sure enough. but                do you know if you speed up a major scale by 3 or 4 times, that it                will sound amazingly beautiful and can pass as "fancy?" ... trust                me, i've seen them played like this time and time again.
 improve both finger coordination and hand control in                virtually minutes after the first exercise!
 perfect                tons of finger movements and improve your hand positioning so                you never feel out of place or out of bounds when you're playing!
 play with the best of them and never feel intimidated again because you'll have the speed, coordination, and strength to hold                up!
 quickly                and easily digest these one-of-a-kind techniques 
                            that have been slowed down so you can implement them right away                and start seeing instant results! 
 learn how                to seamlessly adjust to different tempos and gradually                improve your speed playing, one exercise at a time. 
 never run                out of gas! intensify your playing speed and control to a                level that'll even make the pros jealous!
 utilize a                special "wrist-rotating" technique that many  musicians don't know but really wish they did (for the                maximization of speed)!
 and much much more!

 click here for more information
 click here to order this course
 



 







  
 click here to
        enter our free midi music and online piano lesson site


 
©  1997-2007 god's gospel. 
            all rights reserved.
this site best viewed with microsoft internet explorer 4.0 or
            higher.
       
 
    



subscribe and get free stuff, 
            tips, tricks and updates



 





            (we respect your privacy and will not share or sell your information)      

 
 
free on-line piano lessons

            online keyboard lesson
learn to play the piano with online keyboard lesson and free piano instruction online. free piano lessons online from basic to advanced.
by clicking on the appropriate link on this page you will find the free online piano lessons site. this excellent educational site is a free public service brought to you by god's gospel and  hearandplay piano. we hope you find it useful.  your instructor for the course is composer and famed gospel musician, jermaine griggs. each lesson takes about 35 - 45 minutes to complete. however, work slowly and at your own pace. it's important to learn each lesson before moving on to the next.
piano lessons - for the beginner's level are hands-on, self-paced, interactive, and totally free! piano lessons are for both the beginning piano student and the student who wants to review their skills. learning to play the piano is great for all ages. in the beginning, you will move rather quickly through our piano lessons. among the items you will learn while learning to the play are: note identification, rhythm, and playing your very first songs. our piano lessons will have many sub-parts. after you complete our piano lessons, please feel free to go back and review as often as you like! 
our piano lessons include audio instructions. listen to samples and play along. we will be there with you, guiding you every step of the way. now you can begin exploring the fascinating world of music!! great news! our audio instruction uses both real player and windows media player. soon brand new  piano lesson material is going to be added. don't forget to check out our videos and other great software products.
this is what you will find at our 60 free online piano lessons site:
 





beginner piano lessons


music theory piano lessons


piano chords and progressions



 


major scales piano lessons 1
major scales music theory
the famous "2-5-1" chord progression


major scales piano lessons 2
minor scales / blues scale theory
the minor ninth chord -- piano lessons


major chords piano lessons 1
whole steps, half steps & intervals 
the major ninth chord -- piano lessons


major chords piano lessons 2
major chords & minor chords 
the "shouting chord" -- gospel piano


piano chord inversions 
gospel bass runs -- gospel piano lessons


gospelkeystm video courses
piano seventh chords
the minor eleventh chord -- piano lessons


101: basics and fundamentals
blues piano chord progression
altered chord example -- piano lessons


300: praise songs
piano scales & piano chords
playing scales with major seventh chords


piano and keyboard ear-training
the thirteenth chord -- piano lessons


reference guides and courses
playing in every major piano key
the dominant ninth chord -- piano lessons


the secrets to playing piano by ear!
common musician questions p1
altered chord progression example 1


song robot software
common musician questions p2
the minor seventh chord - piano lessons


sign up for  lessons! click here
"4 steps to playing most songs" 
altered chord progression example 2


"how to harmonize melodies" piano lesson


 affiliate program
"2-5-1" chord progression variations


 become an affiliate
"1-4" chord progressions - piano lessons


press ctrl+d to bookmark this site!

fancy chord progressions - piano lessons




 




     
 click here to order a copy of the secrets to playing any song by ear! 300-pg piano lesson course. 
our course includes everything you see on the internet, which also includes all audio and all graphics. 
 
you may also contact us offline:                 
                (to receive your free, discount and special promotions you  must mention "god's gospel" and special code #:   314731 )

                  hear & play music p.o. box 91355 long beach, ca 90809  
                
                
                you may also contact us by phone or fax:


toll free phone/fax: 1-877-856-4187 (sales only)
support and international customers: 
                  call 1-562-981-3005 (us)    



 our 300-pg piano course comes complete                 with audio instruction. you can play                 our audio using either windows                 media player or real player. 
 
step one: if your goal is to learn how to play any song by ear, you must first learn how to determine the melody in a song. once you've mastered this technique, you can move on to the next piano lesson... 
 
 step two: after you determine the melody, you must harmonize it! most people think that this is difficult - but this is not hard at all ... because we show you easy steps to harmonizing any melody in our piano lessons!  
 
 
step three & four: after adding chords to your melody, it is now time to alter certain chords to produce the sound that you want. with certain techniques, this is a very simple piano technique!if you are serious about learning the 4-step process to playing virtually any song by ear on the piano, 
click here to learn about our 300-pg course 
                "the secrets to playing any song by ear!
 







 


by choosing a  piano lesson and entering your e-mail address and first name on the following link below, you'll get access to over 60 free piano lessons with tons of illustrations, chord pictures, sheet music, video clips, and more! sign up today and start learning to play the piano by ear!
to receive 60 free piano lessons, info., tips, updates, techniques and even more,
        please click below and enter our site.




 60 free on-line piano lessons


click here to start





 
reasons to choose our piano lessons

piano lessons for children -  piano lessons for adults -  piano lessons for home-schoolers 
              


piano lessons for people of all ages
              


piano lesson for people who just want to review what they learned years ago
              


our piano lessons for those who just want to learn at their own rate
              


piano lessons for those who want to learn a little about the piano 
            prior to taking piano lessons with an private instructor 
              


piano lessons for people who already have a piano instructor
              


piano lessons for people who do not already have a private piano instructor
              


piano lessons for people who want to learn in the privacy of their own home
              


piano lessons for those who just want to try it out
              


our piano lessons for those who want to learn basic music theory
              


our piano lessons for those who have a very busy schedule
              


piano lessons to increase your knowledge of notes on the keyboard
              


piano lessons to increase your knowledge of various rhythmic patterns
              


piano lessons come with audio
              


piano lessons to increase your level of musicianship
              


piano lessons  to expand your horizons
              


toe tapping, foot stomping piano lessons to make your friends want to clap their hands and sing!
              


 60 free piano lessons!
  




^ click here to get started ! ^

 
 
black gospel piano lessons, organ and keyboard resources 
 
jazz.gospellessons.net 
jazz piano lessons essentials
jazz 201
gospelkeys xtreme 
        learn the secrets to playing urban and contemporary gospel music by ear --- now!
http://www.learngospel.net

gospelkeys 300  
        learn to play praise songs by   ear!
          http://gospeltips.com/gospelkeys300 
 http://www.godsgospel.com/gk300check.html 
http://www.gospelpianolessons.net

god's gospel
http://www.godsgospel.com
        a large collection of traditional and contemporary gospel midi files.  #1 - god's gospel free midi music - 60 free piano lesson's from  hearandplay. gospel affiliate marketing program. free black gospel midi  music. gospel sheet music. over 60 free online piano lessons. learn  piano by ear online without having a piano lesson teacher. learn  christian gospel and jazz music by ear using music theory piano lessons  and ear-training at hearandplay. play any song the proper chord.  enhance your playing by listen to a midi file. piano lesson's online,  learn how to play the piano and get an online keyboard lesson. beginner  piano lesson and free piano instruction online, learn the basic to  advanced levels.

god's gospel is a site that provides a huge collection of free gospel midi to the  internet community. there you will find traditional to contemporary  gospel songs. the midi format is perfect for individuals listening as  background music or for organizations without a musician that wish to  supplement worship services with quality music. the site is free but  donations are accepted to keep the internet music ministry free and  available to all. combine the songs on this site with a lyric link and  you have a perfect church service right on your computer. you can find  the site at http://www.godsgospel.com it is well worth the visit. 

chord finder 
          free virtual chord finder
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/ggchordfinder.html
          learn any chord in seconds! use this tool to look up any chord or  scale. simply pick the root ( "c", "f", "g" or what ever), then the  type of chord or scale and watch it appear immediately on the screen. 

online piano lessons and gospel music theory and ear-training 
        instruction    from god's gospel & hearandplay.
        http://www.godsgospel.com/course.htm
http://gospeltips.com/course
http://gospeltips.com/main
http://www.playgospel.org
        60 free self-pace interactive online piano lesson course. learn to play  gospel and contemparary jazz music on the piano or keyboard by ear.  learn about notes, music theory and rhythm. piano lesson's online,  learn how to play the piano and get an online keyboard lesson. beginner  piano lesson and free piano instruction online, learn the basic to  advanced levels. god's gospel free midi music - 60 free piano lesson's  from hearandplay. gospel affiliate marketing program. 60 free self-pace  interactive online piano lesson course. learn to play gospel and  contemparary jazz music on the piano or keyboard by ear. learn about  notes, music theory and rhythm.
the secrets to   playing piano by ear-300 pg course & cd: 
http://gospeltips.com/300pg

gospelkeys series 
        learn to play gospel music, praise songs, worship songs, shouting  music, preacher chords and more! click one of the following links now  for more information! 
http://www.godsgospel.com/godsgospel_gospel_keys_series.html
http://www.gospelpianolesson.com
http://www.gospellessons.net
http://www.gospelpianoteacher.com
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/gggkeys.html
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/gggk.html
http://www.gospelpiano.net
        learn to play praise songs,  worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more! learn to play  any gospel song by ear with our 300 page course, gospelkeys videos,  dvd's and interactive musician's forum from god's gospel and  hearandplay. learn to play gospel music including black gospel and  southern gospel. 
 
gospelkeys500 
        learn to play fast, uptempo shouting music by ear in 3 steps!
http://gospeltips.com/gospelkeys500
http://www.godsgospel.com/godsgospel_gospelkeys500.html
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/gggospelkeys500.html
        learn to play fast, uptempo shouting music by ear in 3 steps!
 
gospelkeys 202 
 learn to play praise songs, worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more!
          http://gospeltips.com/gospelkeys202
http://gospeltips.com/gk202
          learn to play praise songs, worship songs, shouting music, preacher chords and more!.
          special! - gospelkeys 202   special edition dvd 
          learn to play praise music by ear. series i,   ii, iii, bonus iv
 
christmaskeys 
learn,  step-by-step, how to play christmas classics and holiday christmas  music by ear. silent night, the first noel, o come all ye faithful, and  more christmas songs on the piano!
http://gospeltips.com/christmaskeys 
http://www.godsgospel.com/christmaskeys.html
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/ggck.html
          learn to play christmas songs within 27 minutes. learn worship songs,  shouting music, preacher chords and more!.learn, step-by-step, how to  play christmas classics and holiday christmas music by ear. silent  night, the first noel, o come all ye faithful, and more christmas songs  on the piano!
 
god's gospel's hearandplay.com's affiliate program application
        music   webmasters, join our affiliate program and earn cash from your site. 
        click   or copy one of the following addresses into your browser and hit enter to check it out: 
http://gospeltips.com/affsignup
http://www.hearandplaymusic.com/ggassocaffiliate.html 
        don't let this opportunity pass you by. 
        god's gospel affiliate programs directory - hearandplay - internet  marketing company, christian affiliate programs - a comprehensive,  searchable directory of affiliate/associate programs, marketing tips,  and an award-winning newsletter, only the programs that can help you  make money! top affiliate portal. free newsletters providing tips and  hints on becoming successful with your website.
hearandplay zone 
        new gospel piano learning resource - free interactive musician's community
http://gospeltips.com/zone
        brand new gospel piano learning resource. not only can you chat, meet,  and learn from tons of musicians around the world, but the learning  centers are full of lessons, articles, newsletters, and audio classes!  all for free! over 30 beginner, music theory, and chord-related  articles in the "articles" learning area. http://gospeltips.com/zone . 
 http://gospeltips.com/zone       over 27 full-length  newsletters (all the way from january 2004)! each newsletter is about  9+ pages long! http://gospeltips.com/zone . 
        over 2-hours of teleclass training. members paid $19.95 to attend this  one training session. you get access to the audio and video recordings  for f--r--e--e just for becoming a member today(...there's no cost for  membership)! http://gospeltips.com/zone . 
        meet tons of friends, musicians, performers, educators, and students  from around the world! post comments on their pages, add them to your  friends list, and even send them private and instant messages! http://gospeltips.com/zone. 
        play online games like pacman, tetris, billiards, maze, ping pong, and  more as youcompete against other members in the community! games. 
        ask questions about anything (music theory, scales, chords,  progressions, ear-training, altering) in our highly interactive and  newly-redesigned  message board. . 
        chat live with other members in our new audio and video chat interface!  enjoy full, interactive chat sessions today! we also have a full access  audio and video instant messenger service. chat. 
        keep up with your own blog and journal! take notes, upload pictures,  and share with us what's on your mind! post up to 10 photos and design  your own profile website! now you can have your own personal space! mypage. 
      download mp3, midi files,  software, and video lessons from me and other members. share your own  files. 
 
 
 
 
a large collection of traditional and contemporary gospel midi files. #1 - god's gospel free midi music - 60 free piano lesson's from hearandplay. gospel affiliate marketing program. free black gospel midi music. gospel sheet music. over 60 free online piano lessons. learn piano by ear online without having a piano lesson teacher. learn christian gospel and jazz music by ear using music theory piano lessons and ear-training at hearandplay. play any song the proper chord. enhance your playing by listen to a midi file. piano lesson's online, learn how to play the piano and get an online keyboard lesson. beginner piano lesson and free piano instruction online, learn the basic to advanced levels.
free piano lesson's, piano lesson's, online keyboard lesson, keyboard lesson online, keyboard online lesson, beginner piano lesson, piano beginner lesson, free piano lesson, free online piano lesson, online free piano lesson, free piano lesson online, free keyboard lesson, free beginner piano lesson, beginner keyboard lesson, learn to play piano, learn to play keyboard, learn to play piano online, learn to play piano online, free piano instruction, free keyboard instruction, free online piano instruction, free online keyboard instruction, learn basic piano, learn basic keyboard, basic piano lessons, advanced piano lessons, godsgospel, midi, free, sheet music, music, song, ear, chord, gospel, midi file, hearandplay, gospel music, online piano lesson, piano, piano lesson, piano sheet music, online piano lessons, free piano lessons, music note, play piano, our piano lessons, black gospel, black gospel midi, black gospel sheet music, black gospel piano, black gospel piano lessons, gospel piano, gospel piano lessons, god's gospel, online keyboard lessons, free online piano lessons, free online keyboard lessons, free gospel piano lessons, music theory, gospel affiliate program, gospel affiliate, free gospel music, download midi, download music, download gospel msuci, major scales, minor scales, major chords, minor chords, affiliate program, piano key, piano chords, piano chords and progressions, playpianoplus, blues scale, praise songs, bass runs, keyboard ear-training, ear-training, become an affiliate, harmonize melodies, 2-5-1 chord progression, christian, church music, piano course, gospel piano course, 254814, piano instructor, piano teacher, basic music theory,jazz,cds,videos,songs,books,tapes,religious,gospel midi

 

god's gospel midi page and gospel mega mall. products related to black gospel
              music. cds,  products, midi, sheet music, gospel videos, gospel music, christian music, gospel publications, keyboards, equipment,
              instrument, music, gospel, god, jesus, christ, religion, sacred, christian, family, video, books, bible, 
              cds,compact, disc, tapes, gifts, gear, present, cards, software, games, clothing, apparel, jewelry, shirt, ties, perfume, mall,
              store, artists,  franklin, walker, hammond, peoples, clark, norwood,
              smallwood, contemporary gospel, urban gospel, southern gospel, traditional gospel, free, church,
              christmas, thanksgiving, easter, forums, service, sermon, devotion, prayer, greeting card, guestbook. music gospel black gospel music black gospel music. lyric free sheet southern southern gospel music. download cd music cd sheet music christmas. free black gospel music download black gospel music lyric video music lyric gospel music lyric. christmas music free gospel music to music video free music. clef black gospel music clef music download country download black gospel music. free music download listen free sheet music black gospel sheet music gospel sheet music. free black gospel music mp3 lyric to black gospel music listen to gospel music mp3 music. rock rock music country music of christian. gospel music video classical music classical christian music country gospel music. match music match free gospel sheet music radio history. contemporary gospel music contemporary bmg bmg music artist. association gospel music association rap rap music black gospel christmas music. showcase black gospel music showcase history of gospel music music match juke box juke. box piano napster napster music gospel music download. city hall radio city music hall chart online. music gospel time download music gospel music archive archive. free piano sheet music free christmas music music box music black gospel lyric downloads. guitar music store store gospel christmas music bluegrass. bluegrass gospel music listen to music black gospel music magazine magazine country music lyric. bmg music service service software music software aol. explore aol music explore free black gospel sheet music black gospel music artist free mp3 music. holiday holiday music press black gospel music press gospel music television. television pop pop music web christmas sheet music. free music video old time gospel music old guitar music music video download. search music chart gospel music radio midi arabic music. arabic free gospel music lyric gospel music artist dance music dance. gospel music soundtrack soundtrack the napster music community community. southern gospel music radio gospel music mp3 sound sound of music online music. listen to free music gospel music online gaither gaither gospel music piano sheet music. techno music techno workshop gospel music downloads gospel music workshop of america. america gospel music history piano music music poster poster. lyric gospel music christmas gospel music southern gospel music lyric gospel music chart music online. wwf theme music wwf theme history of black gospel music and. lyric to gospel music gospel and music listen music latin latin music. christian gospel music jazz music jazz music search free mp3 music download. indian indian music music club club house music. house free mp3 music downloads guitar sheet music free gospel music downloads old gospel music. web music much much music music theory theory. award billboard billboard music award southern gospel sheet music free gospel music download. columbia columbia house music education music education mtv. mtv video music award music news news free southern gospel music gospel music workshop. hop hip hop music hip listen to music online gospel music cd. censorship music censorship note music note watch music video. watch dbz dbz music video wherehouse music wherehouse. history gospel music madonna madonna music music artist napster music download. gospel music web site site guide all all music guide. gospel music site music mp3 group gospel music sheet gospel music group. napster music downloads gospel music track track gospel music distributor distributor. gospel music concert concert sheet music gospel stores gospel guitar music. gospel music stores listen gospel music gospel music midi download gospel music gospel music radio station. station cafe food traditional soul. traditional gospel music download free gospel music gospel music search gospel music soul food cafe chord. chord gospel music gospel music publisher publisher aerobic gospel aerobic music. worship gospel praise and worship music terms in gospel music praise terms. in i african what what i gospel music. american african american gospel music southern gospel music online blue online gospel music. gospel piano music the gospel music archive grass blue grass gospel music presley. elvis elvis presley gospel music elvis and music and gospel gospel music song lyric song. urban urban gospel music the history of gospel music live gospel music gospel or religious music. religious play gospel music or live play. singer .com gospel music .com gospel music singer midi file midi file christmas midi christmas. free midi file free free midi midi music music. song midi song christmas midi file. download midi download midi search search. player midi player commando midi commando karaoke. midi karaoke midi christmas software midi software classical midi. classical midi file download engine midi search engine free midi music. midi music file christian midi christian midi to wav to. wav midi keyboard keyboard rap midi rap. mp3 midi music midi archive midi archive karaoke midi. movie midi country midi country jazz jazz midi. jazz midi file bell jingle jingle bell midi midi latino. midi sound eminem midi eminem free midi download midi site. site piano midi piano midi downloads downloads. game video video game midi rock rock midi. midi interface interface free midi song sequencer midi sequencer. rap midi file broadway midi broadway midi to wav converter christmas and midi. country midi file classical midi file musica musica midi lang. syne auld lang syne midi auld chinese midi chinese. midi file music midi anime anime midi free midi player free midi downloads. free christmas midi midi file free christmas music midi midi free christmas midi song. carol christmas carol midi arabic arabic midi christmas song midi. midi christmas music mp3 to midi happy birthday midi standard midi file standard. happy birthday wing gundam gundam wing midi. christian midi file techno midi techno general midi general.
 
just counter stuff
        not endorsed by godsgospel

 





