


iloilo

























iloilo










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
















cnt


pic

















home
photos
news
explore iloilo<$2fa>
articles
iloilo city
iloilo province
guestbook


















 



iloilo is a province of the philippines located in the western visayas region. its capital is iloilo city, the second oldest city in the country.








this site has moved!


head on to the new portal:
explore iloilo


featured


dinagyang 2010
hong kong and macau tour
bacolod real estate
bacolod hotels
boracay


real estate


real estate is booming in iloilo right now, why not buy some real estate?
monte rosa real estate
savannah real estate






top iloilo content


iloilo city malls
iloilo - heart of the philippines
hotels in iloilo city
guimaras
sm city iloilo
new iloilo airport project







top iloilo pictures


smallville business center
on top of iloilo busines hotel
the atrium mall
jaro cathedral
st. paul's university and hospital





sunday, june 04, 2006




	 metropolis iloilo real estate
    



the family-friendly factorillustrious iloilo, heart of beautiful spanish architecture, where the jaro cathedral and belfry lend a touch of distinction to one of the country's oldest cities. home to the nation's established entrepreneurial families. iloilo is the magnificent backdrop, along with the ilonggo spirit of fun, and familial pleasure, for the metropolis residential & commercial estates.integrated with a complete sports complex, the metropolis has grown alongside a booming town. five exclusive villages, the metropolis center, the metropolis north, the metropolis south, the metropolis east, and metropolis west are all bound by a common main avenue. majestic metropolis tower stands like a sentry to welcome you and your family at the grand entrance. each village has its own perimeter wall for privacy and security, its own guardhouse, park, and playground.a short drive away you'll find one of the world's most famous churches, the miag-ao church. here in the midst of all the hispanic glory, your family can live out a new life, guided by the ilonggo tradition, and fortified with sta. lucia's modern innovations.the metropolis group of villages is situated near the philippine science high school and angelicum school, bringing your children closer to the quality education they deserve. scroll down and see what other wonderful things await your family at the metropolis of jaro, iloilo!copy of metropolis iloilo brochure (click picture for larger version)for more information email carlcaratao@ yahoo.com( source )



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 1:42 am  
      
  











more pictures of the san joaquin churchphoto by iamme of skyscrapercity.comphoto by iamme of skyscrapercity.comview more information about the san joaquin church



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 1:25 am  
      
  









	 san joaquin church
    



the church is made of gleaming white coral stones abundant along the shores of punta malagting, brgy. igcadlum. fr. tomas santaren of the agustinian order built it in 1869 and it is considered the country’s most militaristic church. (source)the two stories of the façade are uneven in height, the second being about one-half the dimension of the first. the first story is decorated with rosettes and divided vertically by engaged columns on tall plinths like guimbal. composite capitals crown the columns. a plaque above the arched portal displays the augustinian seal flanked by cherubs.photo by iamme of skyscrapercity.comthe façade's striking feature, however, is the disproportionately large pediment. when fr. santarén was still building the church news of the victory of gen. leopoldo o'donnel over the moroccan crown prince muley abbas reached iloilo. the spaniards recaptured tetuan. santarén's low relief mural captures the excitement of victory where cavalry and infantry are tearing down moorish defense, near palms and a minaret. the troops are composed in an ascending spiral with figures of horse and rider becomes smaller the higher they reach. spaces between the figures are filled with vegetation. (source)photo by iamme of skyscrapercity.comthe carving is spread on a mosaic blocks. each block was carved and set in place. so intricate is the sculpture that even the expression of agony by wounded soldier is visible.view more pictures of san joaquin church



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 1:17 am  
      
  





saturday, june 03, 2006




	 san joaquin cemetery pictures
    



more san joaquin cemetery picturesread more information about the san joaquin cemetery



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 11:53 pm  
      
  









	 san joaquin cemetery
    



a flight of 20 steps leads up to the san joaquin cemtery compound where a grandiose mortuary chapel, decorated with classical motifs, stands. the mortuary chapel including the steps leading to it is made of coral rock and has just recently been nicely restored.from a distance, the image of the domed structure is awe-inspiring, and walking past it's wall gives you a unique feeling of history. it truly is a treasure of iloilo and a must see for all tourists and ilonggos alike.the san joaquin cemetery was built in 1892 during the time of fray mariano bamba, an agustinian priest.  its square perimeter is demarcated by a wrought iron fence and shored by a wall of carved coral stone.the san joaquin cemetery can be reached through land via private vehicles or a jeepney. if you opt to take the bus, a tricycle ride will be needed from the highway in san joaquin since the cemetery is not located along the highway.view more san joaquin cemtery pictures



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 11:53 pm  
      
  





wednesday, may 24, 2006




	 chito's hotel
    



a quaint 22-bedroom botique hotel located at the heart of iloilo city provides a tranquil retreat for you to unwind and relax. our personal service, combined with the intimate ambiance, makes even the weariest traveler feel at home.180 jalandoni de leon st., iloilo city, philippines, 5000tel. no.: (63 33) 3376415,3376135fax no.: (63 33) 3361186e-mail: chitoshotel@yahoo.com22 roomsamenitiesair-conditioned rooms with telephone/cable tv/private bath (hot and cold) waterfully equipped function room with televisionswimming poollobby restaurantsafety deposits boxes24-hour stand-by generator24-hour security servicesroom serviceexpress laundry and pressing servicessecure parkingpabx telephone system with idd/ndd



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 10:37 pm  
      
  





thursday, may 18, 2006




	 dumangas port
    



the dumangas port is located in brgy. nalu-uyan, it was constructed at a cost of p60m.a roll-on roll-off ferry (roro) vessel services the dumangas-bacolod route. here's its schedule of trips and the pricing:as of may 2006:departure dumangas5:00am4:30pm11:00pmdeparture bacolod2:00am1:00pm8:00pmfreight (not inclusive of terminal fee)motorcycle - p2004 wheels - p700auto/pick-uppajero/vanpassenger feeadult - p50here are port statistics of dumangas port (as of 2004):cargo and passenger statisticss (at berth only)total cargo throughput - 138,558 m.t.total passengers - 41,612shipping statisticss (at berth only)1. number of vessels - 1,3312. gross registered tonnage - 326,5973. net registered tonnage - 197,7034. deadweight tonnage - 614,9715. length of vessels - 58,348 m.6. beam of vessels - 12,507 m.7. draft of vessels - 1,907 m.8. waiting time - 38 hrs.9. service time - 10,082 v



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 10:01 pm  
      
  









	 janiuay church ruins
    



the old structure of the janiuay church, destroyed during world war ii. it was built between 1830 to 1871.judging from what is left, the janiuay church was built as a neoclassical structure with brick walls decorated with arched openings and engaged columns and pilasters made of coral stone.learn more about janiuay's tourism and history



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 8:58 pm  
      
  









	 janiuay cemetery pictures
    



built on a slope, the janiuay cemetery is one of most artistic cemetery in the whole philippines as described at the time it was built by fr. fernando de llorente who commenced work in 1874.janiuay cemetery gatesjaniuay cemetery capilla gothic windowsjaniuay capillajaniuay cemtery gatesjaniuay central gatelearn more about janiuay's tourism and history



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 8:58 pm  
      
  





monday, may 15, 2006




	 coastal villas real estate
    



imagine holding a palette in your hand and mixing all the colors in it in one sheet of paper. this is iloilo, an eclectic blend of historic culture and modern lifestyle.a prime tourist destination, iloilo has some of the oldest and well-preserved churches in the country. equally exciting are its historical landmarks, splendid mansions and fun, vibrant festivals like the dinagyang.iloilo also prides itself with the jaro grand estates, a unique community complete with upscale houses, office and business centers, retail commercial town center, institutional areas and other amenities such as parks, playgrounds, sports and entertainment facilities. truly a sight to behold, the jaro grand estates is not just a home but a lifestyle for the ilonggos. found here is the coastal villas, a beautiful village built in the true taste of caribbean lifestyle. enjoy a lively array of pastel-hued houses complete with large windows that welcome the cool breeze and natural landscapes that makes you want to sit back and relax.a truly enchanting gateway, it is also strategically located near major business establishments, shopping centers, and educational institutions. a perfect setting for a historic adventure, it is also close to famed churches of jaro and the mystical island of guimaras. coastal villas offers an escape from the hustle and bustle of the city providing utmost convenience and security.for more inquiries and information, contact carlcaratao@ yahoo.com



read more!




posted by marcos (ambot-ah.com) @ 11:11 pm  
      
  










this site has moved!


head on to the new portal:
explore iloilo


support this site


donate!



;a href="#" onclick="this.style.behavior='url(#default#homepage)';this.sethomepage('href="#" onclick="this.style.behavior='url(#default#homepage)';this.sethomepage('http://dynamicdrive.com');"');">set as homepage
bookmark this website
link us


recommended

zest air promo
zest air promo 2011
cebu pacific promo
cebu pacific promo 2011
air philippines promo
air philippines promo 2011
philippine airlines promo 2011
hong kong and macau tour
bacolod real estate
bacolod hotels



sticky


iloilo - heart of the philippines
iloilo malls
iloilo hotels
iloilo lgu links 
universities in iloilo 
churches in iloilo city
requests!


partner links


explore iloilo
several ways to die trying
metropolitan iloilo blog
iloilo - "a fusion of earth, water, wood, fire and wind"
harthwell c. capistrano photography
philippine headlines
explore guimaras!


more links


pinoy lyrics
google adsense journal
call center philippines
explore iloilo
philippine headlines
pinoy lyrics


iloilo towns


ajuy
cabatuan
concepcion
dingle
janiuay
miag-ao
santa barbara
tubungan




gateway destinations


guimaras
boracay island
puerto del mar
raymen
balaan bukid







subscribe!

news | explore | articles

enter your email to subscribe: powered by feedblitz
atom



iloilo pictures

atom







































all news, articles, pictures, and other content are property and copyright of
  their respective owners. all news, articles, pictures, and other content are
  provided for educational purposes only. copyright â© 2006  iloilo online ::
  iloiloonline [at] gmail [dot] com

















