


  















welcome to meaningful world! - dr. ani kalayjian































































home
contact us
donate
get involved

donate
volunteer
internships
subscribe
categories of sponsorships
online auction


news

news & media
quotes/handouts
newsletter/bulletin
blog
videos
links


our work

retreat in armenia
graduate int fellowship
programs, yep, summer leadership, united nations
global missions
global humanitarian ambassador certification
lectures, exhibits & workshops
research and publications
united nations
essay contest


main menu:homecontact usdonateget involved    donate    volunteer    internships    subscribe    categories of sponsorships    online auctionnews    news & media    quotes/handouts    newsletter/bulletin    blog    videos    linksour work    retreat in armenia    graduate int fellowship    programs, yep, summer leadership, united nations    global missions    global humanitarian ambassador certification    lectures, exhibits & workshops    research and publications    united nations    essay contestphilosophyawardsboard of directors and internstestimonialsatopsponsor a child in africa, haiti and middle eastsponsor an armenian childaasssgapa div 52wngeclinical servicesresearchphoto album 





meaningful world

























i never had a doll before.

thank you so much for making a heart-hug-doll for me.i never had a doll before.

thank you so much for making a heart-hug-doll for me.our choices impact all living systems and i choose to be an agent of good. my work with meaningful world has changed my lifeour choices impact all living systems and i choose to be an agent of good. my work with meaningful world has changed my lifeour choices impact all living systems and i choose to be an agent of good. my work with meaningful world has changed my life.our choices impact all living systems and i choose to be an agent of good. my work with meaningful world has changed my life.thank you for visiting us again and not forgetting us. i love all the exercises we do together.thank you for visiting us again and not forgetting us. i love all the exercises we do together.i want to help the world. meaningful world was an easy way for me to give where i know all my donations are going to help people 100%.i want to help the world. meaningful world was an easy way for me to give where i know all my donations are going to help people 100%.meaningful world opened my heart. i never knew i would feel again. meaningful world is a cure for haiti.meaningful world opened my heart. i never knew i would feel again. meaningful world is a cure for haiti.meaningful world cultivates well-being, relatedness, a deep awareness and understanding how to elevate some of the world's sufferingmeaningful world cultivates well-being, relatedness, a deep awareness and understanding how to elevate some of the world's suffering 



		february 2025	   






 

donate! your generous contribution will make it possible for us to continue our meaningful work around the world in places such as kenya, rwanda, dr congo, sierra leone, and nigeria, haiti, dominican republic, romania, armenia, lebanon, syria, sri lanka, india, japan, turkey, korea, the west bank and disasters right here at home in louisiana, southern florida, california
 






signup!

    subscribe to meaningful world. type in your email address below. click submit, then check your email inbox for a confirmation email which you will have to accept.
                
















our goal our ultimate goal is to prepare a generation of conscientious individuals who are guided by love, peace, passion, and meaning.






welcome to meaningful world!


the association for trauma outreach and prevention (atop) meaningfulworld is an international non-governmental organization (ingo) affiliated with the united nations department of global communication. our mission is to foster a peaceful, meaningful, and just world. we are a leader in the training of humanitarian outreach professionals, with over three decades of response to global and local disasters. meaningfulworld offers mental health education programs and workshops focusing on empowerment, stress management, time management, creating a healthy workplace, preventing burnouts, mindfulness, resolving conflicts peacefully, emotional intelligence, and meaning-making. in addition, our humanitarian outreach teams have helped rehabilitate survivors of traumatic events in over 48 countries and 26 states in the u.s.a. we help transform tragedy and trauma into healing and meaning-making through post traumatic growth, mindfulness, and mind-body-eco-spirit health to provide relief and restoration to those traumatized, and to those treating traumatized populations.
atop meaningfulworld is dedicated to fostering a meaningful, peaceful, and just world in which every individual enjoys physical, emotional, mental, social, financial, ecological, and spiritual well-being. a sense of meaning, peace, and justice, although unique to each individual, is achieved through a transformative journey that integrates knowledge and experience with a sense of responsibility, reflection, and service. this transformative process is also attained through fostering healthy relationships that nurture open, honest, and transparent communication, insight into forgiveness, love and spiritual connection, and active collaborations and service.
atop meaningfulworld facilitates this journey by providing lectures, networking, outreach to communities, local and global humanitarian outreach programs, research and publications, and media engagements. these services are provided in a peaceful atmosphere of acceptance, respect, compassion, loving kindness, and empathy. we promote state-of-the-art scientific theories about peace, forgiveness, and consciousness raising. we offer internships, leadership positions, post-graduate fellowships at the united nations, and ambassadorships.
to find out more about ways to get involved, please consider volunteering. sign up on our mailing list, and consider sending a tax-deductible donation.


 



projects in africa
meaningfulworld has been working in countries such as kenya, rwanda, dr congo, sierra leone, and nigeria...
read more


projects in west bank
meaningfulworld working with palestenian and israeli gorups...
read more


projects in romania
meaningfulworld has been working with various groups...
read more


projects in sri lanka, india, japan, turkey, and korea
meaningfulworld disaster and trauma...
read more


projects in haiti
the devistating earthquake in haiti  and meaningfulworld was there...
read more
 





anger management: in armenia nurturing emotional intelligenceself care and peace building: a transformative journey at meaningfulworld7-steps for practicing forgiveness



good intentions are no longer enough. i wanted to support humanity in my own way. meaningful world was a natural way for me to help the victims of tsunami.
so many systems have failed us and as we transition from failed models, attitudes and behaviors that are polarizing, destructive and failing all around us i could not just sit back, be overwhelmed and do nothing… i am doing something with meaningful world.
meaningful world cultivates well-being, relatedness, a deep awareness and understanding how to elevate some of the world's suffering. our choices impact all living systems and i choose to be an agent of good. 






books & cd by: dr. ani kalayjiana journey to empowerment, healing, & transformation: 35 years of humanitarian relief outreach!forget me not: 7 steps for healing our body, mind, spirit, and mother earthmass trauma & emotional healing around the world: rituals and practices for resilience and meaning-making volume iimass trauma & emotional healing around the world: rituals and practices for resilience and meaning-making volume |forgiveness and reconciliation: psychological pathways to conflict transformation and peace buildingfrom war to peace meditation cddisaster & mass trauma
<
>



books & cd by: dr. ani kalayjiana journey to empowerment, healing, & transformation: 35 years of humanitarian relief outreach!forget me not: 7 steps for healing our body, mind, spirit, and mother earthmass trauma & emotional healing around the world: rituals and practices for resilience and meaning-making volume iimass trauma & emotional healing around the world: rituals and practices for resilience and meaning-making volume |forgiveness and reconciliation: psychological pathways to conflict transformation and peace buildingfrom war to peace meditation cddisaster & mass trauma








home
our work
global missions
global humanitarian ambassador certification
workshops & lectures
programs, yep, summer leadership, united nations
lectures
research and publications
united nations
terms & conditions
privacy policy
 

philosophy
awards
board of directors, interns & fellows
testimonials
atop
sponsor an armenian child
aasssg
apa div 52
wnge
photo album
 

get involved
news
news & media
quotes/handouts
graphic quote
newsletter
blog
poem
videos
 

contact us
making a donation
volunteer
intern call : 2024-2025
subscribe
sponsors
online auction
 

search
site map


					website design:
www.gkbrand.com
					copyright © 2025
					meaningful world
					all rights reserved
				











© 2025 dr. ani kalayjian all rights reserved 
 | site map
 | home
 | services
 | books & cd
 | testimonials
 | blog
 | contact us
 | privacy policy
 | terms & conditions
 



website design: gkbrand.com


 
















