




















































spinning.... — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































rishi_tandon
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














rishi_tandon







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement




spinning.... — livejournal(recent entries)
(archive)
(friends)
(profile)
 (my website) navigate: (previous 10 entries)jan. 22nd, 202111:14 am - once moreso.. should wr begin?(leave a comment)may. 10th, 200811:23 pm - a bittersweet walk down marine drive, mumbai:-)(3 comments | leave a comment)mar. 27th, 200807:20 pm - mumbai (redux)bangalore first (and forever!)(leave a comment)feb. 14th, 200802:23 am - unhipthe lj is unhip? i think not. does anyone really feel that they will be taken less seriously if they don't move to a blogspottish place? then you shouldn't be blogging. so, lj was a fad. like facebook.. every teen had an angst ridden livejournal. strict no no tchya? thats ok. unhip is the new hip. yeah, go on, admit you like to drink rasna!current mood: ditzy(leave a comment)02:15 am - ...and how we've grown!happy new year folks. i hate it that i don't write anymore. and many on the lj friends list have become busy too. oh for the undergraduate life! i shall.shall, i say!***the neuromancer is frightening in the visions it shows. all too real. the server this message is on will one day read all the crap that is posted on it, and kill itself. no point in being sentient in hell.***want more music like the juno ost. folk music of our times...current location: kunnamangalamcurrent mood: stressedcurrent music: juno ost - if i were a flower...(1 comment | leave a comment)dec. 11th, 200702:39 amapagachi squirrel... occasionally takes it nutsand them it stuffsin a place the sun dont shinein that dark recessdev/null, that hellthe nuts wait, utillextracted next day by some random admin and then, polished and put back lather, rinse and repeatuntil next time.current music: good life (scrubs strck)(leave a comment)feb. 16th, 200704:01 pm - the bifurcation, and a confluence.lj has been unbanned, and i have fallen in love with my blogger account...  but inetia tears me towards the knife's edge. fortunately, there is the safetynet of the wonderful goofle reader http://www.google.com/reader/view/ and one can view as many blogs/other stuff as they'd like.. anythingn with an rss/atom feed.musicwise, let me suggest a band called "the fray", they play piano rock.current music: the fray - how to save a life(5 comments | leave a comment)jan. 29th, 200707:20 pm - ban'd-o-bust..and during office hours i occasionally lurk at autopsyche @ blogspot.current music: beautiful world- colin hay(leave a comment)dec. 20th, 200608:30 am - little boxeslittle boxes on the hillside,little boxes made of ticky-tacky,little boxes, little boxes,little boxes, all the same.there's a green one and a pink oneand a blue one and a yellow oneand they're all made out of ticky-tackyand they all look just the same. and the people in the housesall go to the university,and they all get put in boxes,little boxes, all the same.and there's doctors and there's lawyersand business executives,and they're all made out of ticky-tackyand they all look just the same...current mood: amused(2 comments | leave a comment)sep. 12th, 200606:22 pm - dilemmai bought an old spice after shave lotion last year from bhopal. haven't used much.went to the local fabmall the day before, in search of a hair conditioner (dont ask :) ) when, ulse, that imp whispered into my ear that it was time to purchase some deo spray.in the mids of fa/rexona/axe(clicking on?) and some other crap, i picked, without trying, the old spice deo. what the hell, at least it wont smell ambigous like the others!stashed it away, and opened the cupboard today to find it lying still sealed. broke seal, and applied generously to the appropriate regions.just realised that my face smells likes my underarms now...current mood: no, this post was not necessarcurrent music: gorrilaz(3 comments | leave a comment)navigate: (previous 10 entries)




























