





home - tennessee ornithological society

















































 





skip to content






loading...







tennessee ornithological society 













study and conserve birds in tennessee 













the tennessee ornithlogical society 

















 


search for:








homeaboutnewshistory of tosabout ustos constitutionchapterspublicationsthe migrantthe tennessee warblerjoin tosdonatetake action!educationconservationpolicy committeefunding & grantsbirds need our helptake action!events 




tn bird recordsbirdswhere to birdgallery of birdscontact us






search for:


















homeadmin2023-02-27t19:50:42-06:00 
tennessee ornithological society mission
the  mission of the tennessee ornithological society (tos) is to study and conserve birds that occur in tennessee. we are an independent, nonprofit, educational and scientific organization whose members encourage the study of bird life, the recording of bird data from the field, and the sharing of our passion among others.
for over a century, the tennessee ornithological society (tos) has shared its knowledge and enthusiasm with all who desire to discover more about birds.
as a member, you will become part of a community of bird enthusiasts and citizen scientists who
enjoy learning how to identify birds in the field or sharing their expertise with others

go on field outings to watch birds

improve their birding (bird watching) skills 

discover the best places for birding

collect important data about birds

support bird conservation and education efforts in tennessee, nationally, and even internationally

learn more about birds at home and around the world at local chapter meetings
join now!news!take action for birds!let’s go birding! learn more about birds!why birds?
have you ever gazed in wonder at a soaring hawk and imagined what life on the wing must be? what would we do without our feathered friends for company outdoors?

in a lifetime, a bird is the most likely wild creature a person will encounter frequently and close at hand.  there are deep-seated reasons why birds have for millennia been considered powerful symbols of freedom, renewal, luck, and beauty among cultures around the globe.

how much poorer would we be without the beauty of the bluebird, the haunting song of the meadowlark, or the evocative pair-bonding dance of the sandhill crane?

birds are criticalbirds  are critical components of natural ecosystems, and by managing for a diversity of birds, we will also protect many other species and the habitats on which they rely.
sensitive indicatorsbecause of their high metabolic rate, their relatively high position in the food chain, and their distribution across a wide variety of habitats, birds are sensitive indicators of environmental conditions.
citizen sciencebirds are relatively easy and cost effective to monitor, and they provide an excellent means by which to track larger changes in natural systems. this is the concept upon which the world’s largest biodiversity-related citizen science platform, ebird is built! indeed, our rapidly expanding capacity to monitor migration, reproduction, and survivorship in birds provides us with the ability to proactively address root causes of population declines and increases.

why care about birds?how do birds, bird habitat, and bird conservation align with human goals and interests?
5 simple reasons
why you should care about birds:


bird habitat supports clean water,


birds and their habitat support your health,


birds are good for the economy,


birds benefit your beverage choices and


bird habitat boosts property values.






 
 





missionto promote the enjoyment, scientific study, and conservation of birds and their habitat by sharing information, making announcements, encouraging 'call to action' conservation efforts and growing our membership. 

birds need our help
donate 

join 

contact informationcynthia routledgetos secretaryaddress: 1515 n willow bend ct clarksville, tn 37043 

find us on facebook




 

 
 
 





		copyright 2024 | all rights reserved | tennessee ornithological society	


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 


 



























go to top




