






































































enterprise cybersecurity solutions, services & training | proofpoint us






      skip to main content
    







english (americas)



search


login










									platform
								



									products
								



									solutions
								


proofpoint


contact




search










platform
products
solutions
partners
resources
company


search
login
english (americas)




platform






products






solutions






partners






resources






company






 
protect people
multi-layered, adaptive defenses for threat detection, impersonation, and supplier risk.

 
email security


impersonation protection


more products

 
defend data
transform your information protection with a human-centric, omni-channel approach.

 
data security posture management


enterprise dlp


adaptive email dlp


insider threat management


digital communications governance


mitigate human risk
unlock full user risk visibility and drive behavior change.


security awareness


augment your capabilities


managed services


product packages






more protect people products 
account take-over and identity protection
secure vulnerable identities, stop lateral movement and privilege escalation.


adaptive email security
stop more threats with a fully integrated layer of behavioral ai.


email fraud defense
protect your brand reputation, increase deliverability and identify lookalikes of your domains.


secure email relay
secure your application email and accelerate dmarc implementation.






solutions by use case
how proofpoint protects your people and data.


ensure acceptable genai use
empower your workforce with safe genai practices.


authenticate your email
protect your email deliverability with dmarc.


combat email and cloud threats
protect your people from email and cloud threats with an intelligent and holistic approach.


more use cases


solutions by industry
people-centric solutions for your organization.


federal government
cybersecurity for federal government agencies.


state and local government
protecting the public sector, and the public from cyber threats.


more industries

 
comparing proofpoint
evaluating cybersecurity vendors? check out our side-by-side comparisons.

 
view comparisons





solutions by use case how proofpoint protects your people and data. 
change user behavior
help your employees identify, resist and report attacks before the damage is done.


combat data loss and insider risk
prevent data loss via negligent, compromised and malicious insiders.


modernize compliance and archiving
manage risk and data retention needs with a modern compliance and archiving solution.


protect cloud apps
keep your people and their cloud apps secure by eliminating threats and data loss.


prevent loss from ransomware
learn about this growing threat and stop attacks by securing ransomware's top vector: email.


secure microsoft 365
implement the best security and compliance solution for microsoft 365.





solutions by industry people-centric solutions for your organization. 
higher education
a higher level of security for higher education.


financial services
eliminate threats, build trust and foster growth for your organization.


healthcare
protect clinicians, patient data, and your intellectual property against advanced threats.


mobile operators
make your messaging environment a secure environment.


internet service providers
cloudmark email protection.


small and medium businesses
big-time security for small business.





proofpoint vs. the competition side-by-side comparisons. 
proofpoint vs. abnormal security


proofpoint vs. mimecast


proofpoint vs. cisco


proofpoint vs microsoft


proofpoint vs. microsoft purview


proofpoint vs. legacy dlp





partners deliver proofpoint solutions to your customers.

become a partner



archive extraction partners
learn about extraction partners.


gsi partners
learn about our global consulting.


technology and alliance partners
learn about our relationships.


social media protection partners
learn about the technology and....


msp partners
learn about our msp solutions.


portal login





resources find reports, webinars, blogs, events, podcasts and more.

resource library



blog
keep up with the latest news and happenings.


webinars
browse our webinar library to learn about the latest threats, trends and issues in cybersecurity.


cybersecurity academy
earn your certification to become a proofpoint certified guardian.


podcasts
learn about the human side of cybersecurity.


new perimeters magazine
get the latest cybersecurity insights in your hands.


threat glossary
learn about the latest security threats.


events
connect with us at events to learn how to protect your people and data from ever-evolving threats.


customer stories
read how our customers solve their most pressing cybersecurity challenges.





company proofpoint protects organizations' greatest assets and biggest risks: their people.

about proofpoint



why proofpoint
learn about our unique people-centric approach to protection.


careers
stand out and make a difference at one of the world's leading cybersecurity companies.


news center
read the latest press releases, news stories and media highlights about proofpoint.


privacy and trust
learn about how we handle data and make commitments to privacy and other regulations.


environmental, social, and governance
learn how we apply our principles to positively impact our community.


support
access the full range of proofpoint support services.





platform discover the proofpoint human-centric platform.

learn more



nexus
detection technologies to protect people and defend data.


zen
protect and engage users wherever they work.






					search proofpoint
				





try searching for

email security
phishing
dlp
email fraud







					select product login
				


support log-in


proofpoint cybersecurity academy


digital risk portal


email fraud defense


et intelligence


proofpoint essentials


sendmail support log-in







					select language
				


english (americas)


english (europe, middle east, africa)


english (asia-pacific)


español


deutsch


français


italiano


português


日本語


한국어











 











 




      proofpoint named a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadranttm for email security platforms


       
  

read the report



 







 



event



      protect event series
  
our premier cyber security event is hitting the road, and you won’t want to miss it!








 



awareness material



      the zenguide™ holiday security kit
  
tis the season for unwanted holiday scams targeting your people.








 



threat report



      2024 data loss landscape
  
read about the current state of data loss prevention and what’s coming next.





























intro
the challenge
why proofpoint
the proof
customers
the latest





 the challenge 





today’s integrated cyberattacks target people, not just technology

digital transformation has redefined the traditional perimeters. the systems designed to safeguard people remain fragmented and inadequate. to stop multi-layered attacks targeting your users, you need a multi-layered human centric cybersecurity platform.










1% 

of data breaches rely on exploiting the human element






1% 

of cyberattacks start with unauthorized access of privileged user identities






1% 

of cybersecurity issues can be traced to human error















 why proofpoint 











half a million customers, including 87 of the fortune 100, rely on proofpoint

the proofpoint human-centric cybersecurity platform is the only modern security architecture that takes a comprehensive, adaptive and effective approach to protect your organization’s greatest assets and biggest risks: your people.






























 why proofpoint

 with proofpoint, organizations can protect people and defend data by taking a human-centric approach. our platform provides best-of-breed solutions to solve four critical concerns—stopping threats, protecting information, guiding users and securing app/id posture. discover the proofpoint platform











 

 

 






      threat defense
  
 
stop threats targeting your people






      information protection and compliance
  
 
provide employees with continuous guidance






      app & identity posture
  
 
contain saas & identity sprawl






      security awareness
  
 
provide employees with continuous guidance
















 the proof 











we’re recognized as an industry leader by our peers and customers alike














gartner
frost & sullivan




 


 proofpoint is recognized as a 2024 gartner® peer insights™ customers’ choice for data loss prevention
proofpoint is the only evaluated vendor to be recognized with a customers' choice distinction, which recognizes vendors who meet or exceed market averages for overall experience and user interest and adoption.
learn more




 


 proofpoint recognized as overall market leader frost radar™: email security, 2024
frost & sullivan has once again recognized proofpoint as the overall market leader in the global email security market.
get the report











 customers 











we’re trusted to protect the world’s leading organizations

















1m 

 customers rely on proofpoint as their cybersecurity partner


















1% 

 of the fortune 100 use proofpoint to stop human-targeted attacks and safeguard their data


















1% 

 of the fortune 1000 are protected by proofpoint across a wide variety of industries















      testimonials
  





the data is gold. without proofpoint, we would be blind to what users did with data and clicked on at home.



life sciences ciso, seattles children's hospital




















filter by















view all customer stories















 the latest 










      the latest industry insights, reports  and press releases
  



featured blog article
 11.05.24




how proofpoint protects digital communications and empowers organizations for the future


read more











news article



 10.29.24



proofpoint signs definitive agreement to acquire normalyze








resource


      gartner® report: demystifying microsoft’s data security capabilities and licensing
  




















      start protecting your people today


get in touch




 

 






















products

protect people
defend data
mitigate human risk
premium services



get support

product support login
support services
ip address blocked?



connect with us

+1-408-517-4710
attend an event
contact us
free demo request



more

about proofpoint
why proofpoint
careers
leadership team
news center
privacy and trust









©
            2025.
            all rights reserved.
          


terms and conditions
privacy policy
sitemap























 





















