






tcc action partnership





































































            anti-poverty action for children, families, and communities.        






facebook profiletwitter profilelinkedin profileinstagram profile 

 














donate











home
education

early head start
ehs – child care partnerships
head start


housing services
community services

resources


contact us
success stories
about us
careers






 




		tax appointment calendar is now open for brainerd, little falls, long prairie & staples locations. call to schedule: 888-441-7215
	







early  
							head start 
							serving pregnant women,
infants, toddlers, and caregivers,
aiming to support healthy child
development and strong 
parent-child relationships. 
							 



early  head start 
							child care partnerships 
							extends the head start education model to family  
child care and child care center providers in the area.
 
							 



head start 
							provides early childhood preschool education to prepare the child for kindergarten and provide family services to income qualifying children and their families. 
							 



housing services 
							programs that assist income qualified individualsand families in making homes more  energy efficient to reduce energy costs and improve livability.  
							 


family 
							services 
							assists individuals in accessing mnsure 
health insurance, snap food benefits, 
emergency financial assistance, and other 
assistance that can help individuals on the
path toward self-sufficiency. 
							
 








		mission
	
		tri-county community action partnership’s (tccap) mission is to engage the entire community to listen to and partner with low income individuals and families to expand their opportunities to move out of economic poverty and toward prosperity.
tccap is an anti-poverty community action agency dedicated to partnering with individuals, agencies, and businesses who share the agency’s mission to help stabilize economically struggling families while empowering individuals to develop affirmative relationships, build resiliency, recognize their full potential, and—ultimately—achieve self-sufficiency.
	


		promise of community action
	
		“community action changes people’s lives, embodies the spirit of hope, improves communities, and makes america a better place to live. we care about the entire community, and we are dedicated to helping people help themselves and each other.”
	





 

early childhood education


read more


 

housing services


read more


 

family & emergency services


read more




tax appointment calendar is now open: brainerd, little falls, long prairie, & staples locations.  call: 888-441-7215 to schedule



 








 anti-poverty action for children, families, and communities.

 

contact us 
brainerd office 2410 east oak st.
brainerd, minnesota 56401
phone: 218-829-2410
fax: 855-709-7928
sfax – med docs: 833-897-2955

 

little falls office 501 lemieur st.
little falls, minnesota 56345
phone: 320-632-3691
fax: 855-709-7928
sfax – med docs: 833-897-2955

 

email us info@tccaction.com

 








            all images on this site are subject to copyright, and may not be used without permission. 


it is the policy of tri-county community action partnership to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law.

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. 








pop up wordpress plugin





































