









home | national capital radio & television museum
























































shop
donate
membership
login
























visit

group tours
visitor faqs
covid-19 policy


explore & learn

about
officers, directors, & staff
current exhibits
collections
dials and channels
ncrtv blog
lifetime achievement award


news & events

ncrtv news
events calendar
radio repair class


contact us












 













welcome to the national capital radio & television museum






3








about us

the national capital radio & television museum operates in bowie, maryland, and also curates continuing exhibits elsewhere. opened in 1999, the museum is open to visitors three days a week.

learn more





the national capital radio & television museum is open to the public.
museum hours:fridays 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.saturdays and sundays 12 p.m. to 4 p.m.
admission:$7.00 for adults$5.00 for seniors, students, and bowie residentsfree for children under 5 yearsfree for museum members

groups of 8 or more are $10 per person and advance reservations, while not required, are encouraged. for group tours during non-business hours, reservations are required two weeks in advance, also $10 per person. 

book a group tour

please review our covid-19 policy to effectively prepare for your visit.







current exhibits





from spark to byte



leading up to ww2



the rise of television



current special exhibit





view all exhibits











upcoming events

 nothing from february 17, 2025 to march 17, 2025.	


view all events







support the museum





we encourage all organizations and individuals to engage and support the national capital radio & television museum with preserving the history of broadcast for years to come. please explore the ways you and your organization can and support the museum and help us tell the story of broadcast around the world.

become a member

donate to support

become a corporate sponsor








thank you to our sponsors

the national capital radio & television museum is thankful for our sponsors that allow us to continue to provide the public with the artifacts and stories that are part of the foundation of broadcast today. for more information on sponsorship opportunities, please visit our corporate sponsorships page.




















 












become a business booster
be a business booster! we offer three levels with great benefits including exclusive programs just for you and your employees.








plan your visit
we offer guided tours on friday (9 a.m.-4 p.m.) and saturday and sunday (12 p.m. – 4 p.m.) and by appointment. our tours are interactive.








become a volunteer
the museum is looking for volunteers to serve as docents. there are several other volunteering opportunities, as well.







support us


e

become a member




e

donate now





visit

plan a visit

visitor faq

covid-19 policy



explore

about us

current exhibits & collections



location

2608 mitchellville rd.bowie, maryland, 20716




directions





hours

fridays:9 a.m. to 4 p.m.saturdays & sundays:12 p.m. to 4 p.m.





© 2025 national capital radio & television museum. all rights reserved.




 























