









garfield park conservatory - garfield park conservatory




















































skip to content



  click here for reservation information.

make a donation


search for:










garfield park conservatory








visit us  location & info

plan your visit
gift shop
view a map (pdf)
calendar of events
school & youth group visits
room rental information
accessibility
about us
faqs


our gardens explore the collections

gardens & collections
exhibits
history


learn events & programs

events & programs
resource center
urban roots teen environmental justice program


support & join get involved

emg children’s garden
membership
make a donation
volunteer
fleurotica
daffodil tributes
bench memorials
corporate partnership
perennial society
more ways to give


























 








saturday, february 15, 2025
budding botanists
stop by our budding botanists station for activities all about plants. young ones and adults of all ages can stop ...

wednesday, february 19, 2025
art after dark
join gpca’s nature educators to explore and discover nature through art! young ones and adults of all ages can stop ...

saturday, march 15, 2025
beginning beekeeping class
spend the day with our head beekeeper to learn the basics of beekeeping! ...
 






chicago’s landscape art under glass!
chicago’s garfield park conservatory is one of the largest and most stunning botanical conservatories in the nation. often referred to as “landscape art under glass,” the conservatory showcases thousands of plant species from around the world throughout eight indoor display gardens. year-round, visitors can enjoy the lush flora and tropical temperatures indoors, or more than 10 acres of outdoor gardens, nature play spaces for children, water lily pond, and much more. whether you’re visiting to get away from the hustle and bustle of city life, or joining us for an upcoming program or event, we hope you enjoy your visit to garfield park conservatory!










 

events & programs

we offer nature, arts, and educational programs for all ages as well as innovative special events.




 

rent the conservatory

an ideal location for that special occasion — weddings, reunions, meetings — rent one of several rooms or the entire space!




 

urban roots

a unique program for local teens to interpret our collection and educate our student visitors.












visit us hours:
wednesday 10am-8pm (last entry 7:15pm);
thursday – sunday 10am-5pm (last entry 4:15pm);
closed monday and tuesday
admission: learn more.
location: 300 n. central park ave, chicago, il 60624
phone: 773-638-1766
contact us
privacy policy

 

popular linksabout us
activities and lesson plans
room rental information

school field trips


photography at the conservatory
employment and internships
accessibility
emg children’s garden
plant donations
 

popular programsevents
school & youth group visits
family programs
adult programs
volunteer at the conservatory
 

support us join donate
stay connected newsletter












 


 





garfield park conservatory  established 1908 © 2025



 garfield park conservatory alliance
  chicago park district











menu





menu 

garfield park conservatoryvisit us▼faqscalendar of eventsbees knees extra resourcesroom rental informationaccessibilityschool & youth group visitsabout usgardens & collections▼exhibits & installationshistorylearn▼resource centerurban roots teen environmental justice programsupport & join▼emg children’s gardenmembershipvolunteer at the conservatoryfleuroticabench memorialscorporate partnershipmore ways to give 
































