



smoky mountain rental cabins near pigeon forge, and gatlinburg tn






























 
call 1-800-808-3903



menu


home


find a cabin
find a cabin


search your dates
find cabins by name
cabins alphabetically
wifi internet cabins
1 bedroom cabins
2 bedroom cabins
3 bedroom cabins
4 bedroom cabins
5 bedroom cabins
6-7 bedroom cabins
all rental cabins




cabins by name
cabins by name


a painted ponyamerican beautyangel's viewarrowheadboundary havenbrookstone lodgecomfy cottage iicozy quarterscreeksongevergreen oasisgrand vista lodgegrandmother's mountain lodgeharvest moonhawk's nesthidden hearthiker's pointhiker's ridgehome on the ridgehootin' hollerlake songlittle feathermajestic oaksmaking memoriesmountaintop experiencenorthern litespapa bear's denparadise foundquiet harmonysitting rocksouthern nitesstone cottage on the glensweet serenitytimelessunforgettablewears beary grateful retreatweeks worthwhisperwindwild at heart 

cabin specials
contact


information
information


map and directions
area attractions
discount tickets
wedding info
local weather
wears valley
smoky mountains
   just the bear facts
   just for kids
   natural history
   a day in the park


blog


 
 
 

 




check availabilityselect cabin by name-------------------------a painted ponyamerican beautyangel's viewarrowheadboundary havenbrookstone lodgecomfy cottage iicozy quarterscreeksongevergreen oasisgrand vista lodgegrandmother's mountain lodgeharvest moonhawk's nesthidden hearthiker's pointhiker's ridgehome on the ridgehootin' hollerlake songlittle feathermajestic oaksmaking memoriesmountaintop experiencenorthern litespapa bear's denparadise foundquiet harmonysitting rocksouthern nitesstone cottage on the glensweet serenitytimelessunforgettablewears beary grateful retreatweeks worthwhisperwindwild at heart   
 

 


reviews for all cabins: 4.9/5 ★ (413 reviews)
wears valley/townsend rental cabins




 







 





 





 





 





 
 
 
 


covid-19 notice: click here.
fabulous smoky mountain rental cabins near pigeon forge & gatlinburg, tn
renting from volunteer cabin rentals gives you great cabin rentals, pigeon forge family fun, fabulous mountain views near gatlinburg, chalet rentals at a location that's near all the action and exciting discounts and specials! search for smoky mountain rental cabins today or scroll through our complete selection of rental cabins.
 
please read some of our testimonials to learn why our cabins will make your next vacation the best yet!
click here for special deals on smoky mountain rental cabins



 
 
 
 


smoky mountain rental cabins in wears valley offer convenience & affordability
volunteer cabin rentals offers chalets and cabins throughout beautiful wears valley, which is located just minutes from pigeon forge & gatlinburg, tn. in fact, wears valley is often considered part of the greater pigeon forge and gatlinburg region. you get virtually the same convenience and natural beauty of cabin rentals in pigeon forge or gatlinburg without the high price.
many of these cabin rentals deliver panoramic mountain ridges, gently rolling meadows, spring-fed streams or heavy woodlands. a quick five-minute drive puts you directly in the hub of the great smoky mountains national park. choose from luxury chalet rentals, spacious pigeon forge cabins and family-friendly smoky mountain rental cabins, all centrally located in wears valley, tennessee.
 
 


 


pigeon forge & gatlinburg cabin rentals put you in the middle of all the fun
you'll be thrilled with the vast selection of activities and cabins. in pigeon forge you can find a quiet mountain path to follow, have a picnic by a rushing waterfall or relax under a giant oak before heading back to town. make arrangements for an in-cabin couple's massage to be waiting for you when you return. several cabins have massage tables including unforgettable
spend your smoky mountain honeymoon, family vacation, reunion or professional retreat in a volunteer cabin rentals cabin. you can take full advantage of beautiful wears valley and the surrounding mountain area that includes pigeon forge and gatlinburg, tn.
 



spend the day at dollywood or shop the local malls. 
hike the mountains or browse antique shops for a rare find. 
take in a great show at a live theater or play your favorite games at the arcades.
play a round of golf or several rounds of miniature golf.
grab a quick bite for lunch or enjoy a great dining experience at a fine local restaurant.


 
 


 


volunteer cabin rentals welcomes


families on vacation
couples looking for a romantic weekend
motorcyclists seeking the tail of the dragon and deals gap
couples looking to get married in the smokies
corporate meetings, church retreats and family reunions


 

 
for couples in love, retreat to the majesty and romance of the smoky mountains. every season brings mother nature's best from the peaceful snowfalls of winter to the vibrant green of spring.  volunteer cabin rentals can delight you with cabins & chalets near gatlinburg and pigeon forge. cabins in wears valley give you the best of everything from affordable rates to breathtaking scenery to a convenient location central to all the smoky mountains has to offer. 
from luxury cabin rentals near gatlinburg, six-bedroom family cabins and romantic one-bedroom cabins near pigeon forge, you'll love the extensive selection and the convenience of searching and booking online at volunteer cabin rentals. 
planning your smoky mountain destination wedding? accommodations for you and your wedding party are waiting in the mountains. choose from a wide range of wedding chapels and other venues in the area.
 
 


 






      	volunteer cabin rentals provides comfortable rental cabins with the following standard amenities:


fireplaces 
televisions
spacious rooms 
outdoor grills 
fully equipped kitchens 
great views-mountain, valley or woodland 
full complement of towels and linens 
convenient to pigeon forge and gatlinburg area attractions including ripley's aquarium. 
some cabins have high speed wireless internet access 
free wireless internet access from our office lobby. 


 
 
 


when only the best in pigeon forge cabin rentals will do!
from a secluded smoky mountain cabin with a cozy whirlpool bathtub to a large mountain chalet with a family hot tub, you can pick the one that is just right for you when you choose volunteer cabin rentals. spend your smoky mountain honeymoon, family vacation, reunion, or professional retreat in a vcr cabin to take full advantage of beautiful wears valley and the surrounding mountain area. you can spend the day at dollywood or shop the malls, hike the mountains or browse the antique shops, take in a great show at a live theater or play your favorite games at the amusement outlets, play a round of golf or several rounds of miniature golf, grab a quick bite at a fast food spot or enjoy a great dining experience at a fine restaurant--the list goes on and on--and the choice is yours when you choose a smoky mountain rental cabin located only minutes from downtown pigeon forge, tn.
the welcome mat is out; so come on over to the smoky mountains1-800-808-3903 and speak with a friendly vcr reservationists who will answer your questions and help you decide on the vcr cabin rental that will best meet your needs. then sit back and get ready to enjoy the best of the best--a volunteer cabin rentals cabin in beautiful wears valley!
 
 
 



contact us
1-800-808-39031-865-428-6450
		guestservices@volunteercabinrentals.com3781 wears valley road
		sevierville, tn 37862
get directions

 

links
privacy policy
real estate
rental management
rental policy
resources
facebook page
youtube channel
sitemap
owner's portal

 

office hours
monday - friday
  9:00 am to 6:00 pm estsaturday  9:00 am to 5:00 pm est
sunday  1:00 pm to 5:00 pm est

 

copyright © 2025 volunteer cabin rentals. all rights reserved. vls license # 0000067
	
 
 
 
 


