





resume writing service, queens, new york, ny













 
 
1-888-873-7863



home
order now
testimonials
samples
questions
about us




main content

certified resume writing service.  serving clients since 21+ years. guaranteed interviews in 30 days.
free $70 value: ats resume, 1-on-1 phone consultation, thank you letter,  reference list.
is your resume dressed to impress in ten seconds or less? can it match ats systems? our certified resume writing service can help.


resume - $149
   



resume and cover letter - $179
   



resume, cover letter, and linkedin profile - $259
   




"i just accepted a job at e! entertainment news! it was the first resume i sent out and i got the interview and now i have the job. not too shabby!" --amy harvey, ca
 "just wanted to let you know that i accepted an offer from a huge advertising agency!! after you updated my resume i had fone for four (4) interviews and was offered three jobs. it was a dream ... i also got a 40% bump in my salary." --jay jivani, ny
work 1-on-1 with certified resume writers.guaranteed interviews. proven results.custom-designed resumes. no templates.
no hidden fees. 
        in business since 21 years.
15,000 satisfied customers.  
      zero complaints.our work was selected as examples by top sites.writers with graduate and mba degrees.freee access to 100s of articles.increase in the number of interviews.shortened job search time.salary gains.industry-specific keywords, action verbs, and car stories.ats-friendly resumes.linkedin profiles.we do not subcontract or outsource.


 

 
 
1. place order, send us your career history;


2. a certified resume writer will call you to discuss your background and accomplishments in further detail;


3. we will create a powerful resume. you can request unlimited revisions up to 30 days.
4. we work till you are happy (up to 30 days)!
 



  
 
 
 
call us now 
 

 
 
 
"i just wanted to let you know that i sent out my job resume and cover letter on august 1st and i got 3 interview calls on august 5th. i was offered 2 jobs on august 6th and had to turn down the 3rd interview because i accepted one of the jobs i interviewed for. 
i couldn't have been happier with your service and i have recommended resumecorner.com to my therapist who will be recommending your site to her clients! 
thank you so much! investing the time and money with resumecorner.com was a well-deserved investment towards my career."
          - julie flachs, ma
call us for a free consultation: 
1.888.873.7863 or 1.718.539.7771.





memberships



certifications
 
 


featured & published 
the new york times blog
      cio.com
      pcworld.com
      biospace.com
      the ladders
      net-temps
      saicareers.com and more ..



writer qualifications
certified professional resume writer 
        certified career management coach
 
master of science degree
 
master of business administration
 
juris doctor
 
industry expertise
 
published authors, mbti experts






order now


what do our clients say?



 
 
 
 



copyright ©2021, resume corner, inc. all rights reserved.
14404 45 avenue * flushing, ny 11355





