

























needlework











needlework
navigation

home
categories

with your hands
crust
beager
flowers
beaser tracks
speaking
painting pictures
boundary schemes
with his hands
biser floats
elevated toys
cristening
sale
horse hook
extraction kits
beading
beaded crafts
hand made


contact us
sitemap



















remodelling of old-fashioned clothing

are you ready for a new image, but not shopping? it s probably in your closet and there s so much clothes that you can redo, override or update. refining old clothes is a great way to lower carbon emissions at the same time, save money and send their creative thinking to the…
read more








setting the timeline

the current version of the page has not yet been tested by experienced participants and may differ significantly from the version verified on 9 january 2014; the verification requires 41 correctives. pyoxel grammar (from pixel - reduction from pix el ement ) - a digital image…
read more








how do you make a beaver ring

integrated: come on, we all have a favorite story. or even a few. so what, we re like adults? who was that when?) i suggest you, dear participants, add magic this week, remembering your favorite stories. and doing something about them. do you like blue ? sears of shells, coral…
read more








how to make biser flowers

beauty. biser essay is an art! you don t need any special talent for this craft: a basser, a forest, a scheme, and your fantasy everything you need! today, i will teach you a simple bracelet from a biser that will be a great summer jewel, and most importantly original, because…
read more








biser bracelet photo

flying from a biser or a bush requires a handful of fingers, a degree of obstinity and a lot of sedition. for starters, as well as for those who don t have these qualities, but whose souls and hands already want to build, there s a good way. the thing is, even a very simple bracelets…
read more








sweeping by matches

# premier # spinners # spitters # splits # spoolivers # chobby # lt s the advantage of this jellyfish jamper in a sports style with capuschon hood, bandages and free slide is the advantage of this jeepmer from soft cotton, which is a beautifully distorting diversity of structures…
read more








painting images

how do you decorate the interer in provans style with your hands in any room, be it the kitchen, the bedroom or the living room? it s important to infiltrate the idea of style, to highlight the characteristics! the name of the style corresponds to the painting region in southern…
read more








bottom line

when grandma s summer is finally changing rain and cheese, everyone wants something warm, soft and cozy. for example, a scarf of matches, a big, fat one that can turn into, take a cup of delicious coffee and feel like a little paradise. now, we re going to have a snooze of the…
read more








creating a new year

1. you ll probably light the candles to create a celebrating and relaxing environment. try giving the bruises a copy with perforated paper, cardboard stars and coloured threads to the whole process will take no more than ten minutes. it s not gonna be any candle for work, though…
read more








biser butter scheme

there are such lovely butterflies coming from a desk lamp, here we are. if you like them, we ll do it. it won t take you long. you re gonna need a colorful basser and a wire to work. biser butter scheme: description of the work of the butterfly: 1. you ll need about 80 cm wire…
read more








nice toys

on 27 december, the grand theatre of opera and ballet took stock of the new year family toy. 79 families from minsk, jodino, pinsk, sloucca, youth and drogicina sent 120 toys and littered the players. a five-year-old kid did his hands touching the insolent toys, and some deeds…
read more








style for stitching

the cross is one of the oldest manuscripts. but everything changes in the best direction, and now you can buy a stitching machine. the stitching of the cross is a hobby requiring a permanently small position on a chair, a couch or a chair. the stack for stitching is, of course…
read more








basis of the sale

you like it? tell me what a boring kitchen duck, simple wooden boards, normal flower pots, old-fashioned tabouret-- i would paint, write everything, turn into art. know? personally, i do. the problem isn t new. in front of our fellows, she was up in the seventeenth century, and…
read more








neonatal wraps

dimension: 78 x 78 cm will be required: buckle novita 7 brothers (75 per cent wool, 25 per cent polyamide, 100 m/50 g) for 300 g sulphur and blue colours, socks and round-table matches. living smooth: in the circle of knitting, only the faces. intelligent smooth: in the circle…
read more








leaning kits

the tradition of decorating itself and the art of transfusing ribbons takes the corner of anglo-saxon society. for the first inspired pictures, narrow ribbons were used, easily scanning virtually any tissue. many centuries have elapsed since then, new technologies have been developed…
read more








beather float for starters

if you think about 8 march, what colors are in your mind for sure, tulips. today, i ll tell you and show you how to whip a tulip from a biser. and for you to be more aware of the tulpan class, i will, as always, add to the craftsman s master class photos of a tulip from a biser…
read more








biser deals

this article will be presented to a master of the class to create an excellent decoration, such as bonsai, with his hands from the biser. one of the oldest occupations and manuscripts is connected in this transaction. the history of the bisera begins in a very far past, and the…
read more








site hend meade

at times, i have written questions about whether a person who is not familiar with programming, journalism, design, advertising can earn money on the internet in areas that are traditionally most demanded in homework? the issue was difficult and references were made only to a…
read more









hend maid's idea for home 






to share the tweet and the new year s tweet, a celebration that fills all around a sense of magic and childhood, anticipation of a miracle, anticipation of a fairy tale. elves and fireworks, candy and…
rc toy trucks and vehicles for kids: combining safety and quality playtime rc trucks 


hendmeid deco 






“expert opinion” - kovaleva valentine dmitrievna, director of the keram glass oo: many ceramics working with the chassis of sm-2p (fraction to 1mm), while estimating the universality of this material…
φροντίστε την υγεία σας, καταπολεμώντας τη δυσκοιλιοτητα άμεσα. το νέο, κορυφαίο φάρμακο izicol βρίσκεται πλέον σε όλα τα φαρμακεία για να το βρείτε. 


download the stitching program 






crust 2.0 - if you re throwing a baptism, you re sure you d like to set up sketches from other people s portraits and landscapes instead of other people s sketches, just from your pictures or pictures?… 

 
japanese pattern of engagement 






slapkin. we re gonna need a description and photo: · main colour and white (for eye). you can take every bucket as a basic one, shlopkin will always be. now (for illustration) we will be tied from thechildrens… 


bisser bat 






006hava2002, good afternoon! so far, we don t know if you can sign up for our mailing and keep an eye on the supplies, good afternoon! to keep track of the receipts, can you sign up for our mailing when… 


cricket for starters 






there is no need to practice and study different types of stitches to start breathing. it s enough to see how to do the stitches with the cross, how to correctly secure the thread at the beginning and… 

 
decoration with your hands 






lucky for someone who has a suburban area where you can rest and work. but not in the midst of a living. let s just give the imagination and steal the gift so the heart can sing and be happy. in particular… 


blade pattern 






sooner or later, any girl wonders why to buy something that can easily be done with her hands. cause the free time we ve got, you know, can spend some time making some kind of stuff for yourself. the… 


screenings 






warriors and gloves are classic in the art of knitting with matches. these small forms give me a imaginary imagination, give us a taste of different techs and buckets. in each modem harbor, there must… 

 
stealing the glasses with their hands 






the wedding has always been and will remain the most important event in the future of a woman. no wonder girls want to make this day unforgettable so that it becomes a repetitive, exquisite celebration… 


elephant toys from lamps 






for new year, i always want something new and original. this year, i decided to scrutinize and make improvised eating habits. we take the usual light bulbs and the 15 centimeter cut of the scottish tissue… 


grade master 






there s still room! we ve been working from 08.00 to 1,800 on the breeze all summer! telephone records and details: 063 553 10 16 099 197 75 26 or write to the administrator. children are waiting for new… 

 
original tree toys with their hands 






if you have a great desire to steal a new one-year tree, with as much money as possible, we offer you a few examples of how to make tree toys with your hands, and they get original and creative. (9 photos)… 


cristening for start-up videos 






england is the birthplace of this kind of manoeuvre, which is where, for the first time in the 17th century, there were unique drip poles. the large-scale drying is a variety of techniques that allow for… 


flying of bisera 






beaser earrings have been a seasonal trend for several years, because, through diversity and all forms of earring from this material, they can usefully complement and emphasize the image. if history is… 

 
wet-out kits 






the creation of beautiful paintings and icons has now become a difficult task, thanks to the set-ups of the mir zhitchki bisser, which the internet machine offers to purchase at optimal cost. they include… 


hope for halloween with his hands 






halloween or all saints day is traditionally celebrated on 31 october, and 2014 will not be an exception. already a few weeks before halloween in 2014, all the stores had suits and accessories with a suitable… 


biser flights 






do you know? biser is small glass booths or other materials that have been drilled, of which the necklace, bracelets and other jewels are floated. biser s story takes root in a long past. the great decorational… 

 
arrangements of beaver arches 






bicer s schematics for knitting can be bought from us: it s in the eyes of these schemes! often, it s 11 or 12 bisserines. it s better to tie these burns out of biser no. 10 because of no. 8, it ll be… 


a new year with his hands 






every new year we meet with expectations of something new and unusual. new year s decore can quickly transform the normal interior of the apartment into a celebration. it is particularly gratifying to… 


child diagram and description 






description of the snow white combine on lightning with a rich relay. three-size open! *forward 60 (70/80) see you will need 250 (300/350) g white buckle novita wool (100% wool, 50 g/ 135 m, no 011); matches… 

 
male paintings for mischief 






art for the poor, modern fashion hobby, the way to reinvigorate the expensive hearts of old things, all of it is misery. the occupation coming from a medieval europe can attract all family members. let… 


discharge prints download 






sealing a plate is a great opportunity to try a new technique. the poor surface without significant flexibilities and irregularities can handle even a starter. this will result in a very beautiful decorational… 


sealing the table with napkins 






master class on the decomposition of the working table in master s. the fine tvorec.com.ua is decorated by a table on aged arts using several types of double-phase cables and stamping machines using trafarets… 

 


more


✔ pearls are believed to be the oldest gemstone used for jewelry making, dating back over 4,000 years. they have been traditionally used to make earrings, necklaces, and brooches, and are the only gemstone that are created within a living creature. 





copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved





