


	st. francis xavier catholic sixth form college - sfx 6th form college




















































































 enquiries@sfx.ac.uk
 switchboard: 020 8772 6000
 admissions: 020 8772 6072
















    about us
  


    16-18 courses
  


    applications
  


    students
  





menu
















enquiries@sfx.ac.uk
switchboard: 020 8772 6000
admissions: 020 8772 6072





                                about us
                                






                                            our story
                                            
                                        



                                            mission statement
                                            
                                        



                                            ethos & values
                                            
                                        



                                            catholic life
                                            
                                        



                                                        catholic ethos booklet
                                                    





                                            why choose a sixth form college?
                                            
                                        



                                            why choose saint francis xavier college?
                                            
                                        



                                            ofsted 
                                            
                                        



                                            policies, procedures, regulations & compliance
                                            
                                        



                                                        access arrangements policy
                                                    





                                            the governing body
                                            
                                        



                                            facilities
                                            
                                        



                                            2024 exam results
                                            
                                        



                                            selection questionnaire
                                            
                                        



                                            staff vacancies
                                            
                                        



                                            virtual tour
                                            
                                        



                                            how to find us
                                            
                                        



                                            principal's newsletter 
                                            
                                        



                                            chaplaincy newsletter
                                            
                                        





                                16-18 courses
                                






                                            all courses
                                            
                                        



                                            a level & applied
                                            
                                        



                                            btec/ual level 3 extended diplomas
                                            
                                        



                                            t levels
                                            
                                        



                                            level 2 diplomas
                                            
                                        



                                            foundation learning
                                            
                                        



                                            course options explained
                                            
                                        



                                            ask a question about a course
                                            
                                        





                                applications
                                






                                            prospectus 2025-26
                                            
                                        



                                            open events
                                            
                                        



                                            the application process
                                            
                                        



                                            virtual tour and course videos
                                            
                                        



                                            international students
                                            
                                        



                                            entry requirements
                                            
                                        



                                            frequently asked questions
                                            
                                        





                                students
                                






                                            student life
                                            
                                        



                                            careers guidance
                                            
                                        



                                            student enrichment
                                            
                                        



                                            aiming high programme
                                            
                                        



                                            cricket academy
                                            
                                        



                                            additional learning support
                                            
                                        



                                            access arrangements 
                                            
                                        



                                            student welfare & safety
                                            
                                        



                                            reporting student absence
                                            
                                        



                                            exams
                                            
                                        



                                            bursary & financial support
                                            
                                        



                                            alumni
                                            
                                        



                                            term dates
                                            
                                        





                                news
                                






                                            saint francis xavier catholic sixth form college announces improved 2024 results
                                            
                                        



                                            star students recognised in essential 8 awards ceremony
                                            
                                        



                                            students represent sfx at model united nations in new york
                                            
                                        



                                            level 3 results beat downward trend to hit 97% pass rate
                                            
                                        



                                            2023 vespa award winners honoured
                                            
                                        



                                            young enterprise team win london and kent company of the year final
                                            
                                        



                                            principal's newsletter - spring 2023
                                            
                                        



                                            auschwitz trip march 2023
                                            
                                        





                                events
                                






                                            open evening - wednesday 5th march 2025
                                            
                                        





                                parents & carers
                                






                                            mental health hub
                                            
                                        



                                            how we work with you
                                            
                                        



                                            student welfare & safety
                                            
                                        



                                            bursary & financial support
                                            
                                        



                                            covid-19 information for parents & carers
                                            
                                        



                                            parent portal
                                            
                                        





                                schools
                                






                                            why work with us
                                            
                                        



                                            school liaison
                                            
                                        





                                space for hire
                                
                            



                                contact us
                                
                            























          application places are filling up! complete yours before they close.
        
complete your application and and book your interview to get your offer before places fill up!
apply now










          have you registered for our open evening on 5th march yet?
        
book now for our 5th march open evening! meet the teachers, discuss your course options, talk to the students, explore the college and begin your application for september 2025!
book your fast track ticket now










          excellent level 3 results announced for 2024 - 98% pass rate across all subjects
        
improved results achieved across a levels, btecs, ctecs, ual and t levels
read the full article










          register now for our cricket academy
        
surrey county cricket club and sfx team up to launch training academy for sixth form students
find out more and register your interest










          give your career a head start with t levels at st francis xavier sixth form college
        
get a qualification equivalent to 3 a levels, including a 45 day industry placement, with our t levels in management & administration, accounting, education & early years and media broadcast & production
 read more here










          catholic life at st francis xavier catholic sixth form college
        
st. francis xavier sixth form college is an inclusive educational community rooted in the catholic faith with christ at its centre.
find out more here





















search courses




- all types -
a level & applied
btec/ual level 3 extended diplomas
level 2 diplomas
foundation learning
t levels




- all subjects -
science & mathematics
business & economics
information technology
sport
art, media & performance
languages
history, politics, law & theology
social sciences
preparation for work & life
english language & literature
health & social care
geography & travel
extended project qualification



search











welcome to st. francis xavier catholic sixth form college




i am delighted to welcome you to st. francis xavier catholic sixth form college’s website. i hope you find everything you need.

st. francis xavier sixth form college is a fantastic place to learn and study. our students enjoy being part of a highly inclusive, diverse and vibrant community. one which attracts like-minded individuals who have a thirst for learning and a desire to challenge themselves to achieve the best they can. the college has a reputation for excellence with student achievement among the highest of any college across london and we have an enviable record of student progression into higher education, further training and employment.

we are specialists in post-16 education offering a wide range of a level and vocational courses taught by teachers who are experts in their fields. in addition, we offer an unrivalled programme of enrichment activities providing our students with opportunities to learn outside of the classroom, develop new skills, make new friends and realise their ambitions. 

at st. francis xavier sixth form college we ‘count in ones’, so our students are well supported by outstanding teachers and a strong pastoral team who guide them through all aspects of their student journey, from providing the best information advice and guidance at enrolment to helping them navigate the application processes for university or employment. here, we work together with our students, and every member of the college community is invested in helping them to achieve their goals and aspirations.

our community is one based on gospel values, mutual respect and spiritual well-being as evidenced by the core college values of kindness, service, faith, inclusion, courage, honesty, respect and forgiveness. matthew’s gospel exhorts us to “be the light that gives light to the world” and that requires high expectations and the unlocking of students’ potential so that they can become not merely successful learners but also ethical leaders of the future. these are the attributes that make st. francis xavier catholic sixth form college a unique community and a great place to study.

we look forward to meeting you.
graham thompson
principal










96%
of our ucas applicants progressed to university




        



100% pass rate
in 23 level 3 courses




        



98% of students​
on a levels or level 3 extended diplomas passed their courses




        



46% of students
achieved high grade passes (a*-b, d*-d)




        











                    16/19 courses
                






                    students
                






                    parents & carers
                






                    news & blog
                







recent news









news





          saint francis xavier catholic sixth form college announces improved 2024 results
        


        published 15 august 2024




        read more
      






news





          star students recognised in essential 8 awards ceremony
        


        published 04 june 2024


        the college chapel was packed on the last day before…
      

        read more
      






news





          students represent sfx at model united nations in new york
        


        published 20 march 2024


        students from across college flew to new york to…
      

        read more
      






news





          level 3 results beat downward trend to hit 97% pass rate
        


        published 17 august 2023


        excellent results for students in the first year of…
      

        read more
      











1 / 1








view all news






upcoming events









        open evening - wednesday 5th march 2025
      


      date and time 05 march 2025 •
      location st francis xavier catholic sixth form college, 10 malwood road, london sw12 8en


      open evening - explore your options and secure your offer for september 2025
    

      read more
    










1 / 1








view all events








contact



address
st francis xavier 6th form college
10 malwood road
london
sw12 8en
 
email
for all general enquiries / contact: enquiries@sfx.ac.uk
for student admissions: admissions@sfx.ac.uk
 
telephone
switchboard: 020 8772 6000
admissions: 020 8772 6072
 






















    staff vacancies
  



    sfx moodle
  



    prospectus
  




    terms & conditions
  



    privacy & cookies
  



    website accessibility
  




    freedom & access to information
  



    equality & diversity
  



    site map
  











































































                © 2025 st francis xavier 6th form college
                powered by empresa















 




