



conversion specialists | custom vehicles | creative mobile interiors


























































































portfolio


coaches & motor homes


executive & luxury seated


mobile marketing vehicles


mobile office


retrofits & remodels


special needs vehicles


specialty & mobile medical


sprinter, transit, promaster vans


tailgaters


trailers




vehicle service


for sale


videos


our company


testimonials


faq


careers




events


contact us






menu
home
portfolio
 •  coaches & motor homes
 •  executive & luxury seated
 •  mobile marketing vehicles
 •  mobile office
 •  retrofits & remodels
 •  special needs vehicles
 •  specialty & mobile medical
 •  sprinter, transit, promaster vans
 •  tailgaters
 •  trailers
for sale
vehicle service
our company
 •  testimonials
 •  faq
 •  careers
videos
events
contact us























































custom conversion specialists









welcome to creative mobile interiors!

	 

	 

	at cmi we design and build custom, one-of-a-kind vehicle conversions of all types and sizes. with a reputation for high-quality craftsmanship, close attention to detail, and an unwavering commitment to customer service, we make it our goal to give you something you cannot find in the mass market. we are family owned and specialize in a range of projects that include, but are not limited to: custom motor homes, executive vans, tailgating vehicles, rvs, mobile offices, off-the-grid adventure campers, family vans, mobile marketing/display trailers, and much more. come to cmi and discover how mobile architecture is created!



custom executive vehicles





custom motor homes





mobile marketing vehicles





custom mobile offices

 



custom conversion vans





custom tailgater® vehicles





custom special needs





retrofits and remodels





custom trailers





specialty & mobile medical units





	 

	 

portfolio

	please explore our portfolio to see some of the many trailers, sprinters, coaches and other types of vehicles we have customized. included are photos and descriptions of custom mci bus conversions, custom (mercedes benz, freightliner, and dodge) sprinters, custom suvs, custom (class a, class b, and class c) rvs, custom dodge promaster vans, prevost motor homes, ford transit vans, and custom trailers.

	floor plans designed especially for you

	we do not believe in putting any boundaries on your imagination, so we never limit your custom conversion to set floor plans or restricted designs. tell us your needs and desires and we'll design and build your custom vehicle by hand, with the functionality you just can't find in mass production.  we work with you throughout the process to create what suits you!  

	experts in customizing your vehicle

	creative mobile interiors combines excellence in engineering, high quality products, the latest technology, proven building methods, close attention to detail, years of experience, and caring customer service, to deliver you a beautiful and worry free custom vehicle that will be enjoyed for many years to come.

	let our professional team of design engineers, interior designers, electrical engineers, conversion artisans, and audio/visual specialists craft you a custom motor coach, full-size van, or pull-behind trailer that uniquely suits your needs and expresses your personality.

	shell diversification

	sprinters, trailers, motorhomes, shuttle buses, mini coaches, and more!

	at creative mobile interiors, we specialize in the custom conversion process. that is why we are able to perform custom conversions on many different kinds of shells. we work in harmony with many bus, vehicle, and trailer manufacturers to keep your warranties intact and provide you peace of mind.

	our plant

	come visit us at our state-of-the-art facility in grove city, ohio and see how we can help build your custom bus conversion, promotional marketing vehicle, mobile medical unit or other custom project to capture your vision. meet with our design engineers and together we will develop your idea via our new three dimensional design system and our cad program.

	next, meet with our interior designers in our material design center. pick from hundreds of fabrics, leathers, carpets, laminates, granites, and solid surfaces. to put the finishing touches on your custom vehicle, we can design an exterior paint and graphics layout with the flash and appeal you desire.



contact us



name:

phone:

email:

comments:
















find us on facebook!


















portfolio





vehicle service





for sale





videos





our company





contact us











creative mobile interiors6237 seeds road grove city, oh 43123phone: (614) 539-4600




            copyright ©
            2025
            • creative mobile interiors • all rights reserved.
privacy policy













