














hire professional singing telegram service | singing telegram nyc













































 
 





























nyc and nationwide! 


















nyc and nationwide! 
































home
about

about us
testimonials
out site links


gallery

picture gallery
video gallery


order form
costumes
contact us




 
 
 


hire professional singing telegram service | singing telegram nyc





























 









welcome to singing telegrams nyc
guaranteed, best prices , highest quality



for nationwide click here


order now

212 260 2229

contact now








singing big baby




“big apple singing telegrams is new yorks’ unique and hip singing telegram company based in nyc ny. we do venture out to all, area metro regions. we have been doing singing telegrams since 1979. we are an exclusive group of singing telegram entertainers, that go for laughs, fun embarrassment and applause! so order the highest quality and create a wild singing telegram memory to last a lifetime!











male ballerina




shipley has performed as elvis, a chicken, a pink gorilla, and even a ups man in the midst of million dollar deals on the new york stock exchange floor…










heart- gorilla




*california & florida location! fl, ca singing telegrams call 800 727 1858, for nationwide www.americansingingtelegrams.com















yelp us!
“reviews from clients"



lindsay
thank you, jon. my sister loved it! thought it was hilarious. this may just be my new secret birthday weapon".




tony laino
my daughter loved it. said elvis was fantastic. her and her co-workers were
really entertained. she’ll remember this for a lifetime. great job.thanx




soo lee
“april (pink gorilla) did just what i wanted, to embarrass the heck out of him…..and she sure did! we will be calling again whenever we have a birthday."








 

cyber singing telegrams on video, phone, facetime or zoom


california raisin



mariachi band



mick jagger



pink monkey




 





our gallery













































































































singing telegrams nyc is a unique and hip nationwide singing telegram company serving all major metropolitan areas. we have been doing singing telegrams since 1979. we are an exclusive group of singing telegram entertainers that go for laughs, fun, embarrassment and applause! so order the highest quality and create a wild singing telegram memory to last a lifetime!





contact details

address
singing telegrams nyc, nyc,usaphone:(212) 260-2229 mail: singingtelegrams@live.com 


nationwide link
 click here





















order form











copyright @ 2018 singingtelegramsnyc























































