







kentucky lab rescue, inc.








  





 home | available dogs | faq | breed information |
      volunteer
information | adoption
information | success
stories | links
|
      contact
us

 (my e-mail address should be here, but i use
javascript to prevent it being collected for spam. if you need to
contact me, but are seeing this message instead of my e-mail address,
then switch javascript back on (in your browser) and refresh this page.)












kentucky
lab rescue, inc. 
"histories are more full
of examples of the fidelity of dogs than of friends." 
                   
~ alexander pope
 











 





 





 













 




 








note:you
will need ie 5x or ns6x and higher to view the pictures.









 





 













available dogs




 




online application




 




donation needs




 




help a lab




 




lab tips




 




lab links




 
 
 







 
 
 






kentucky lab rescue is an all volunteer, non-profit
organization devoted to finding suitable and loving homes for abandoned
and rescued labrador retrievers. although our organization is based in
kentucky, we are happy to arrange an out of state adoption for approved
adoptive families. be sure to check below for adoption updates,
fundraising needs, and newly added features to the website for easier
use. 




 
looking for your new best friend? click here to start your search!
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 
. . . news . . . .
. . news . . . . . . news . . . . . . news . . . . . . news . . .
 
we've updated our success stories, click here to view some new happy pups!
click here to donate!
we are now able to accecpt on-line donations, help support kentucky lab rescue by donating today.


 
we invite you to find out
more about kentucky
lab rescue, inc. we are located near lexington, ky and encourage
potential adoptive families to visit our establishment before adopting
a labrador retriever. to contact us, you can write or email us: 

 




e-mail
the director
 
            (my e-mail address should be here, but i use
javascript to prevent it being collected for spam. if you need to
contact me, but are seeing this message instead of my e-mail address,
then switch javascript back on (in your browser) and refresh this page.)
            

 
 


 













klr
updates:




for
administrative issues, please contact
                      

michelle
may

(my e-mail address should be here, but i
use javascript to prevent it being collected for spam. if you need to
contact me, but are seeing this message instead of my e-mail address,
then switch javascript back on (in your browser) and refresh this page.)

. 


 









if you would like to
advertise on this site, contact the webmaster for more
information.










 





 





 





 home | available dogs | faq | breed information |
      volunteer
information | adoption
information | success
stories | links
|
      
contact
us






©2014kentucky labrador
retriever rescue and adoption inc.,
all rights reserved



