






















goals.com | software for managing high performance sales teams



















































home
pricing
resources
contact
login
 



















home
pricing
resources
contact
login
 

free trial












refreshingly simple sales performance
goals.com is an easy-to-use sales performance platform that helps sales team sustain peak performance and win more business.

get demo


















sales performance + crm
when combined, crms and sales performance platform work together to provide explosive results. goals.com provides both. but if your team already has a crm, we can integrate our sales performance platform with your crm. 




goals.com sales performance
drive sustained peak performance. win more business.







sales dashboard





commissions





sales contests





team chat







sales goals





sales bonuses





sales reports





team recognition









goals.com crm
manage your sales pipeline. close more deals.
everything in sales performance, plus:







assign leads





manage pipeline





track deal status







track activities





set reminders





 customer notes














all of the essential features. one affordable price.





dashboard




goals




pipeline




team




chat




commissions




incentives




highlights









performance dashboard
sales goals, current performance and actionable insights remain clearly in focus

get an overarching view of the numbers that truly matter.
monitor all sales tasks and objectives.
be in the know on all current deals.


see us in action








easily track organizational goals
ensure all team members remain aligned on team-wide and individual sales goals and performance.

monitor how your organization is doing relative to its annual sales goal.
easily view each rep’s annual goal and their progress month over month.
easily adjust team members’ monthly sales goals based on seasonal or performance based factors.


see us in action








built-in crm functionality
assign leads to sales associates. move prospects through the pipeline and sales stages.

quickly view your teams top of funnel, each sales stage performance and click in to further analyze.
determine what’s going on with a certain prospect by noticing days aging, scheduled actions, proposal totals, etc.
quickly manage accounts by assigning leads, opportunities and account managers for customers.


see us in action








manage team success
view a quick snapshot of each team member and a roll up of their contributions throughout the year

easily see who is driving value into the organization versus those that might be breaking even, or even worse.
view to manage each individual reps pipeline and ongoing performance.
provide each team member with a reminder of goal progress and upcoming opportunities.


see us in action








everyone stays in the know
communication among team members can be done from right in the app.

review a sales person’s performance and simply ping the rep in stride.
 send and receive jpg, jpeg, png, gif, pdf and txt files via the chatbox.
quickly identify potential issues or missed opportunities.


see us in action








streamlined for your business
save time and improve performance with automated real-time commission tracking.

structures built to align with your business including tiered, percentage-based, or fixed rate plans.
automatic and accurate processes that reduce errors and time spent.
 instant visibility for tracking commissions in real time.


see us in action








motivate and engage
motivate your team to exceed their sales goals by offering team-wide and personalized bonus programs.

build incentives to encourage and empower team members with confidence.
spur sales activity with launching fun sales contests.
drive longer term incentive strategies for the entire team or individual team members.


see us in action








build a winning culture
come together on the little things while focusing on positivity.

show appreciation and recognize team members with a job well done.
automatically recognize team members’ birthdays and work anniversaries.
receive real-time notifications on individual goal progress and achievements.


see us in action











goals.com was made for every kind of sales team.





b2b sales performance 
our unique and easy-to-use crm saves time, improves performance and drives more revenue.









field service sales 
designed to streamline field service sales by managing leads, quoting, scheduling and invoicing. 














“our team loves goals.com! total breath of fresh air compared to our last platform. setup was a breeze, the team there is so great to work with. this simple platform packs quite a punch. checks all the boxes, and then some.”


garrett w.


 review rating



"our team is always out and about completing projects for our clients and it’s once in a blue moon when all of us are around the shop at the same time. this helps us keep track of everything we need without adding more office time."
john t.


 review rating



"onboarding only took a couple of hours and was super easy and straightforward. our team quickly adopted the tool and are enjoying how easy it is to use. i would recommend this to anyone who wants their goals and commissions tied into their crm."
dan g.


 review rating









we’ve got your back.
our support team loves demonstrating goals.com in action. we’ll even setup your account for you. let’s do this!

custom demos
free setup
dedicated support















we’re here and love to help.
see goals.com in action. ask about pricing, implementation, or anything else. 




schedule demo


















login
get demo
free trial




pricing
contact
resources




1000 shelard pkwy #120 
minneapolis, mn 55426
612-470-5626
info@goals.com





©2025 goals.com.
privacy policy | terms & conditions | google api services





























request demo

see what sets goals.com apart by scheduling a no-pressure demo.
discover how our sales performance platform can explode your sales.


your first name(required)your last name(required)your phone number(required)your email(required)

company(required)role(required)this field is hidden when viewing the formcountrycountryunited statesafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicabo verdecambodiacamerooncanadacayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d'ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth macedonianorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussian federationrwandaréunionsaint barthélemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswedenswitzerlandsyria arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, the united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeus minor outlying islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelaviet namvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabweåland islandsthis field is hidden when viewing the formnumber of salespeoplenumber of salespeople1-56-1011-50100+phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
















































