












golf getaway and weekend packages | golf getaways























































home
destinations

hawaii
canada
caribbean
costa rica
argentina
south africa
france
china
south east asia
new zealand and australia
scotland and ireland
california


about us
faq
other services
travel blog
contact
 







social links





search













diversefrom the swaying palms set against cloudless skies, sparkling beaches and kaleidoscope of azure blue and turquoise waters of the caribbean to the wild northern frontiers of canada, we can craft golf getaways you will love. trusted from escorted tours to fly-drive or even barge trips across terrain you've always wanted to explore, we won't send you if we haven't been there.
you can trust the featured packages, expeditions and golf excursions golf getaways can prepare for youmemorablewe hear it all the time how much travelers appreciate the experiences we put together for them. 
they're memorable for not only the golf of the family but even the non-golfer who is along for the adventure. 









custom golf tours and getaways since 1977




we have been where you want to go.
from sprawling links to breathtaking wilderness, and the highest standards of luxury, golf getaways will scour their vast network of courses, resorts and accommodations to design your ideal getaway at home or abroad.  our associates work with your wants and interests to select the ideal destination and make proper arrangements for you to enjoy the adventure.




we trust our featured resorts and destinations.
we would not send you there if we did not trust it. golf getaway surveys all of our featured destinations to ensure the utmost quality in service and hospitality.  all resorts and destinations are golf getaways-approved for your satisfaction, guaranteed.




you can’t beat the experience.
with almost 40 years’ experience arranging truly memorable vacations and resort accommodations for golf aficionados and their families, golf getaways has formed partnerships with some of the most acclaimed courses the world has to offer, and couples it with a vast range of attractions and entertainment unique to your destination.  we know everything there is to know about the area and where to stay and play. we help you plot your course, so you can plan less and enjoy more.









experience
we pull from our decades of golf travel to help you enjoy your long awaited adventure. all you have to do is enjoy the sights and sounds as you experience new, fantastic places, and the most beautiful courses our discriminating golf experts have accumulated.  continue browsing the site to learn more about some of our featured destinations or contact one of our helpful agents to begin planning the trip of a lifetime.


+


resources
we have partners around the world that assist us and our clients in creating unique and memorable experiences while in their respective countries.


=



golf getaways
river cruises
ocean cruises
unique adventures
customized programs


















unique offers
we offer the best values on river and ocean cruises. golf is an option on many cruises. contact us for details
view all offers→


special golf tours
 take a barge cruise and see the sights before and after the greens.



river cruises
 enjoy a river cruise and return a more relaxed and adventurous golfer. 



ocean cruises
 hit the open sea and a birdie with a ocean cruise on the open water.








 


click here to signup for emails  enter to win a free vacation!
 contact usgolf getaways563 sw 13th, #103 bend, or 97702t  (541) 388-1944 ‎email us via our contact formmap usperfect experiencecosta rica november 2012happy golfer   . excellent trip.creating memorable golf vacations to destinations around the world since 1977. 2012. all rights reserved.
cst 2057298-40tweetlive comments








scroll to top



















