
















arizona lottery results







































































arizona lottery results






























































































friday, august 30, 2013







arizona lottery results






arizona lottery results
welcome
 to the arizona lottery results weblog! this site is to be used as an 
informative resource for the arizona state lottery winning numbers and 
news updates for lotto winners in the state of arizona. the arizona 
lottery features several draw games such as powerball and mega-millions,
 that are played in other states across the country. in addition to arizona lottery
 powerball and mega millions games, players may also purchase 
scratch-off tickets at any retailer across the state for a chance to win
 cash prizes instantly. scratch-off tickets and lottery drawings offer 
tickets starting at one dollar, allowing virtually anyone the chance to 
become an instant millionaire by playing arizona lottery games.

arizona powerball lottery
the arizona
 powerball lottery is a multi-state lottery game played in 45 states 
with a shared jackpot that begins at 40 million dollars and continues to
 grow until a lottery ticket is produced that has 5 matching numbers 
plus a powerball number. arizona powerball winners must claim winning 
tickets over $500 at the state lottery headquarters. powerball jackpot 
winnings are paid out in a lump sum that is approximately half of the 
total powerball jackpot or take 30 annual payments totaling the full 
amount (minus taxes). arizona powerball lottery drawings are held every 
wednesday and saturday evening at 10:00 p.m. central standard time. to 
check winning powerball tickets, please visit our website for instant 
results following each drawing and test drive our assortment of lottery 
tools like the frequency charts, hot picks and number generators.

arizona mega millions lottery
the arizona
 mega millions lottery is a multi-state lottery game played in 45 states
 with a shared jackpot that begins at 12 million dollars and continues 
to grow until a lottery ticket is produced that has 5 matching numbers 
plus a mega millions number. arizona mega millions winners must claim 
winning tickets over $500 at the state lottery headquarters. mega 
millions jackpot winnings are paid out in a lump sum that is 
approximately half of the total mega millions jackpot or take 26 annual 
payments totaling the full amount (minus taxes). arizona mega millions 
lottery drawings are held every wednesday and saturday evening at 10:00 
p.m. central standard time. to check winning mega millions tickets, 
please visit our website for instant results following each drawing and 
test drive our assortment of lottery tools like the frequency charts, 
hot picks and number generators.
arizona lottery players must be at least 18 years old to buy any type of state lotto tickets.





posted by



lottery results




at

3:12 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
arizona lottery,
arizona lottery results,
arizona mega millions,
arizona mega millions lottery,
arizona powerball,
arizona powerball lottery,
lottery arizona




location:
arizona, usa








home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(1)





        ▼ 
      



august

(1)

arizona lottery results










about me




lottery results



view my complete profile











































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























