




















































the murky depths of my mind. — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































noideagirl
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














noideagirl







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








the murky depths of my mind.
> recent entries
> archive
> friends
> profile

> .:nos:.
> previous 10 entrieslinksobernewtynfanfictionmyspace



march 1st, 201406:13 pm - photographsit feels so empty,like a photo frame with nothing it.but you know it.you remember a time when there was something in it.if only you could remember what it was.it almost comes back to you, for a moment,but then its lost within that endless stream of noise inside your head.scattered amongst the dust inside your brain.theres one photo left in its frame.and you protect that with your life.the last one to remind you.there was another before.but now its stained with blood and silent tearsand the photo has long become unrecognisable.you can remember that moment perfectly,when the tears weren't so silent,when the photo was lost.there was a physical tearing sensationlike some one had ripped out your lungsyou couldn't breath.you wanted to followto become another lost photograph, but not yourstwo things held you backwhich became oneyour one last photoperfect in it's detail,heart-breakingly perfectyou could sit for hours staringhesitantly touching, afraid to ruin itafraid to lose itterrifiedto lose the one thing left which fulfills youyour last hopeyour last joy (leave a comment)may 6th, 201003:52 pm - dog stealer?a week ago exactly, i was walking to uni when just around the corner from my house this cute red heeler pup came up to me and decided he liked me and he would follow me to uni. i checked his collar to see if there was an address on it, but there wasn't, so i kept walking hoping he'd lose interest and go home. half way to uni i realised this wasn't going to work. so i messaged all my friends in the area to see if they could look after him while i was at uni so i could deal with it later. but none replied.and i was confused, and concerned, and i didn't want the dog to follow me to class, because he wouldn't be allowed in, and then he'd wander off and get lost in bundoora and then he'd never get home and it would be all my fault and i'm a horrible person for allowing the dog to follow me in the first place.so i called up my boyfriend, and proceeded to tell him (almost in tears) exactly what my problem was and what could i do? but he had no suggestions and i was just about to cry when i realised i could call his friends, so i hang up and called his best friend who lives just around the corner from uni. and luckily he was awake, and he agreed to look after the dog while i was in class (it was only for one hour) so i didn't have to rock up to class with a dog. and so i attended class dogless (and told the story to my uni friends) and then went back to pick the dog up, suddenly paranoid that the dog would have run off while i was and he'd still be lost and it would still be my fault. but he was there when i arrived, and i took him (on a leash this time so he couldn't get lost on the way home). and then just near where i found him, two people came running up saying "you found hunter! thank you so much!"and i was like "yeah, he followed me to uni" and i let him off the leash feeling self-conscious, because i was sure they were thinking that i'd tried to steal their dog, and i hadn't, and i didn't want a dog - i already have one and one is too much for me to handle on top of two cats - but they didn't know that and if i was a dog-stealer it would be their dog i would steal because he was really well behaved and cute.but they were polite and thanked me and asked where i lived so they could bring me something to say thank you - but they never did and i didn't blame them.----but today i ran into the girl with the dog again on my way to uni.she saw me and said "hi" and asked "are you on your way to uni?"and i answered "yeah" feeling self-conscious because dealing with anyone i don't know well makes me kind of nervous, and i was fairly sure she still thought i was a dog stealer. she asked politely "what do you study?"i replied "microbiology" and made a cringing movement because the word alone makes me remember how horribly dirty i am.and she saw the cringe, and questioned "don't like it?"i replied honestly, "no, i do! it just makes you horribly paranoid.""about germs?"i tried not to cringe about the term 'germ' and nodded instead. "you leave the house and when you touch things you think 'this is going to give me diseases and i'm gonna die and there'll be no treatment - because there's never any treatment' - and then you can't touch anything because you're worried about catching -" and then i tried to think of a disease that was suitable to talk about with people you've only just met, but all my brain could think was 'syphilis!' and you don't talk about syphilis with normal people - in fact you don't talk about catching diseases with normal people. and then my brain just stopped as it thought "what do you talk about with normal people?" and i couldn't find an answer so there was an awkward silence.after a moment of searching for something to say, i looked down to see the puppy i saved at my feet and i said "cute puppy"and she leapt at the offer to talk and asked "oh are you a dog person?"and my brain shouted 'yes a question i know the answer to' but i responded calmly "yeah i am. i have a dog of my own - a blue heeler pup."she smiled and asked "at your place?"and i said "yeah"she said "that was number 5 right?""number 7" i replied."i had a conversation with my friend about whether it was 5 or 7. because i made some home brew beer and i was planning to bring some round to thank you for finding hunter"my brain was like "yay! free beer" but i responded with "oh awesome"she asked "what nights are you at home""most nights""cool. i'll bring some around soon""ok" i smiled.silence.and then i made my departure, saying goodbye to alison and hunter, and as i walked away i wondered "does she think i'm strange?" and then i looked down and saw what i was wearing and knew the answer was yes. because no sane person wears strippy socks with skulls on them, with a long black and white skirt, and a big baggy leather jacket covering a red harry potter t-shirt, with a mans suit hat and biker gloves to uni. at least not in my area...(4 comments | leave a comment)may 5th, 201008:54 pm - catastrophy avertedwalking home from uni, it started raining. i looked up at the cloudy sky, wondering why this was happening to me. i had my laptop in my bag, and a 40 minute walk ahead of me. i sighed, still looking at the sky and said out loud 'please stop raining.'and the rain was like 'rain!'i pouted, becoming disconcerted. 'i need to get home dry. my laptop's in my bag and i don't want to get it wet. please stop raining until i get home.'and the rain was like 'rain! rain! rain! rain!'i honestly felt like crying. but i put my jacket (actually my boyfriends jacket, which i'd stolen that morning) over my bag and continued walking.eventually i got home (quite wet, but my bag was fairly dry) and almost gave a sob of relief when my laptop worked. catastrophy averted. (leave a comment)10:56 ami haven't been doing much lately, mostly due to a distraction by solitaire. that game is evil. shun it! shun it now! *opens up window of solitaire* *whispers* now i have you for my own! my own!*cough*anyhoo... bored now, waiting between classes in my uni library, being yelled at by the library for talking on the phone, having my feet on the seats, not wearing shoes... etc. i don't think the librarians like me very much.maybe it's because of that one time i brought doritoes into the library, and then proceeded to eat them; completely ignoring the 'no food inside the library' sign that was right in front of me. buuttt, it's not like i got dorito crumbs all over the books or anything! ... .... ok, so maybe a little got onto the computer i was sitting near, but that's totally cleanable!hmmmpft!anyway, class in 4 minutes... gotta run. literally...current location: latrobe uni library(leave a comment)december 8th, 200905:05 pmwhat is your battle cry?running on the steppes, wielding a mighty sword, cometh limisfolie! and she gives a booming grunt:"you in some shit now, muhfuh! i lay waste to the landscape like a four-year-old on a sugar rampage!!!"find out!enter username: are you a girl, or a guy ?created by beatings : powered by monkeys(1 comment | leave a comment)november 15th, 200907:09 pmnothing seems to matterwhen i'm walking through this gloomnothing seems to matterwhen i'm tangled around youi listen to the songs on the radioand they all bring me backi'm dancing crazyjust becauseit's the only thing that keeps making sensei can't see the path in frontand the lights are all offand thats not so badmy hands are on the wheelbut i'm not steeringthe wind will take me in it's wings and i fly far away from hereand you will find memiles awayflying high in the skyyou will find me flyingwith spiderwebs on my wingsand beautiful dancing dust on my neckglittering in the sunlightmusic in my headnothing seems to matterwhen i'm walking through this gloomnothing seems to matterwhen i'm tangled around youthe best gift is givingand i'd give my soul for yousleeping outside in the pouring raini give myself to the groundif i run and dance foreverthey will never catch memy heart is made of crystaland your heart is tooand we're swimming through the worldas if our time was made of soft serveall day and all nighti sleep beneath the starsand they whisper softly to me the secrets of this worldthere is no hatethey say to methere is no such thing as angerthere is no pain, they whisper in my earthere are no liesand i chuckle myself to sleep'causenothing seems to matterwhen i'm walking through this gloomnothing seems to matterwhen i'm tangled around youcurrent mood: creativecurrent music: the shins -  caring is creepytags: singing my songs for you(leave a comment)november 6th, 200906:23 pmsometimes i think i'm too nice a person, like i've done something horrible in a previous life that i'm trying to atone for in this one. and sometimes i think i'm a horrible person who doesn't deserve the least nicest thing to happen to me. i wish i could make up my mind.my life is becoming more and more like an episode of skins. i always thought i was jal. i was wrong...i am the dreamer and you are the dream.i thought i loved you, but it was just how you looked in the light.i guess i always knew the scorethis is where the story endsknow that i will never marrybut i’d ask you to be truei’d try to get away to see if i could staybut look what i’ve become. my phone is on my lap waiting for a call.i never thought i was that sad a person. that is a lie. i knew i am.but i like to delude othersi want to talk but i don't want to be the one to start the conversation again. jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... jag är en vampyr.... just one bite... is all it takes.current mood: boredtags: rambling(leave a comment)october 5th, 200905:14 pm - planet earth is blue and there's nothing i can do...i don't know what i want i don't know what i think i don't know what i feel anymore - i don't know what happened to my world -  and that's all you   it's funny how one little moment with you - a mere second of my life -  makes me forget everything else it's funny how one little moment with you - the briefest passing time -  changes everything tilts my world upside down shakes it around and puts it down again i'm all shook up + i'm twirling through this life in a most spectacular way and the stars look very different today + it's funny how out of everyone i know you are the one to change meyou may not have killed my vibe (i think of anyone you could be the one to do it) but you’ve destroyed my sanity. you have this amazing capacity to make me loss my mind somehow all i think about is you somehow none of that other shit matters  i’m dreaming, we’re dreaming! i haven’t the ghost of a chance why would you go and do something like that?  -         watching me with those eyes driving me into my own private hell i wish i wasn’t so scared of what you could say i wish that i didn’t want to impress you so much i wish that i didn’t feel this way i wish i could run away from this i wish i were free   you can’t treat me like this and not expect this i don’t know what i’m doing anymore i’m chasing my tail in circles around you endless repetitious circles current mood: confused(leave a comment)june 16th, 200908:57 pm - i'm leaving in 2 weeks....i've been organising to go over seas for about a month now, and i finally have almost everything sorted (just need to receive my passport now, and apparently its in the mail).i can't wait to go; it's the only thing that i can find myself looking forward to; the bright light in my otherwise dismal horizon.i've been listening to music a lot recently (more than normal). music is....music is artmusic is heremusic is minemusic is lifemusic is a transcendent languagemusic is mathmusic is elementarymusic is not a loaf of breadmusic is magicmusic is your businessmusic is everythingmusic is my absolute soulmusic is a weaponmusic is not torturemusic is your gamemusic is healingmusic is my medicinemusic is goodmusic is the keymusic is the answermusic is my saviourmusic is the next big soundmusic is an epic thingmusic is loveum... not much more to say.(3 comments | leave a comment)may 6th, 200906:04 pm - all beauty must dieyou sat in front of me today, chatting away noisily with your giggling gaggle of friends. i had to restrain myself. my rage. i wanted to hurt your friends. i wanted to hurt you.i wanted to look at you, but i forced myself to look away.i wanted to smash your head into the desk.a hidden rage consumes my hearti close my eyesand tense myselfand screamingthrow myself in fury over the edgeand into your bloodtear at fleshand rip at skinand smash at doubti have to break youfury drives my vicious blowsi see you fall but still i strike youagain and againyour body fallsthe movement is sharp and clear and pureand gonei stop and kneel beside youdrained of everything but painscreaming throw myself in furyover the edge and into your bloodkiss you once and see you writhehold you close and hear you crykiss your eyes and finish your lifekiss your eyesfinish your lifeagain and againyour body fallsthe movement is sharp and clear and pureand gonei stop and kneel beside youknowing i'll murder you again tonight                                                            doubt - the curei want you to look at me.you make me so tense i can't stop my legs from shaking. my stomach clenches painfully; you make me feel so sick.i want to hurt you and hurt you and hurt you to burn you out of my brain. my rage left little room from anything else in my head, but still you manage to creep in. all beauty must diecurrent mood: enragedcurrent music: doubt - the curetags: the cure(leave a comment)





> previous 10 entries> go to top


livejournal.com





























