





www.ucalldatmusic.com




 

home

albums
mp3's
weekly drawing
event calendar
jack pine picker concerts
e-mail the gardners
song of the week
my cd doesn't play
 




www.ucalldatmusic.com








welcome to
ucalldatmusic.com. this web site is where you can find music
that you can't find anywhere else. it features various bands, musicians and
singers from michigan. we have lots of songs,  photos and links. we have many  mp3
files from each album that you can download for free. you can order cds
and tapes from the artists that we feature. we use an on-line
ordering system that does not require a credit card. when you find a cd or tape
that you would like to purchase, simply click on the "buy it" and
follow the simple instructions. next thing you know, you will be proclaiming,
"now, dat's what i call music!" click on any text that is underlined
or a cd cover and it will take you to another exciting
page.

the song
of the week: is a song 
          from the latest jim & jan leiter
          recording.

click here to
      download a whole cd from the gardners for free!!!
online store now with no
risk-no credit card ordering- cds, tapes
featuring: the brand new albums from cheri graham, pam
bowman, dale pridgeon, the
gardners, the jackpine pickers, ralph
kelly, russ jones, ron jordan, frank methner, bob
rostollan, lynn
truman, willow robinson,
mike hubert and strummin'
around, the first album by the gardners,  hammered
hymns by pam bowman, sold that hog for a $50
bill by dale hafer and an album by rags 2 riches
recent winner of
      the weekly drawings was pastor mike.
lots of free stuff. (we make
this music to be heard... even if we gotta give it away!)
we need to publicly
      thank and recommend netone
      communications. the folks who host our web site. tom lyon is the man
      in charge while william ragsdale is the gent that solves all of our
      technical issues and keeps www.ucalldatmusic.com
      alive and well on the web. their expertise and generosity are much
      appreciated.
information about jesus
we are finally getting some
regular airplay on the radio around here. you will find many of the artists
featured on this web site getting some much appreciated airtime on the show
listed below. as well as some nice on-air interviews.  a big thank-you to
mark & alice ray.






      local talent roundup
     


      it's a new radio show
      heard sunday's from 8am to 10am on
      classic hit country 106.3-wscg
      .
      
      the show features michigan made music, particularly artists and groups who
      perform and or record country, folk, bluegrass, gospel,
      jazz and blues around central northern, and west michigan.
      
      for information about getting your music on the show or sponsoring the program go to



         mecostaonline.com
        

and click on "local talent roundup".
      
     








one accord has a great recording
      here!

good old time country music 
      by good old county folks

jim & jan are real crowd
      pleasers. this cd will aptly demonstrate why.

pam bowman turns her award winning
      talents loose on a passel of hymns.

just jammin' has a new studio
      offering to add to your collection.


prepare for the end of the world.
      gardner has put out his own cd.



a fitting tribute to a life well
      lived. performed by sharon herself along with the rest of legacy.



leon serves up some old time
      classics and a few new favorites on this brand new recording



 hammered
      holidaysthis instrumental album of
      holiday favorites by pam bowman is sure to please. it
      features hammered dulcimer, guitar, fiddle, banjo and a few other
      surprises.

 
      


ccm as well as a few true classics
      for your edification on this new cd from cheri & mark graham


jim huizinga and daughters for
      your listening pleasure.



willow skye robinson has another masterpiece
      here.



finally, dale pridgeon has a new
      cd available!



the
      gospel gathering has a new cd. 




just jammin' live, spread it around



check out the new cd from the jack
      pine pickers

connie
      sings up a storm on this beautiful cd.  it is full of holiday
      memories.
 
      


contemporary praise and worship.
      14 original songs and choruses that range from quiet, acoustic, prayerful,
      worship to rockin' victory anthem. 


brand new from russ jones, ron
      jordan, frank methner & bob rostollan

bill & dotty sparrow put forth
      21 of their most requested.

unlisted. electric guitars and
      attitude. not for the faint of heart




the latest from pam bowman will
      get you to stompin' your foot and if your not careful maybe even dancing



this cd contains restorations (most
      from vinyl) of some of the recordings leon has made in nashville from 1962
      through 1983.



dale pridgeon has a serious
      contender here. we are not responsible for any soiled  pants or heart
      attacks suffered while listening to this comedic masterpiece.



lynn truman's album is finally
      available. he teams up with al nelson, millie castor and leonard klinert
      to bring you 21 good old time songs for all you dobro and acoustic roots
      music fans.



brand new from willow skye
      robinson. autoharp and vocals accompanied by guitar, bass, and a little
      banjo. this one is  reminiscent of the carter family



mike hubert's latest studio
      release will have you lonesome for your mama, beaming with american pride
      and tapping your toe.


andy's brand new album is now available. be the
      first one on your block to own one!

andy's
      first album from 2000 is now available at ucalldatmusic.com

kim emelander & mare carson have a winner here.

some of your favorite
      hymns. played on the hammered dulcimer.

more
      americana roots gospel from the gardners

an album of swingin' country standards done the old fashioned way
    with just enough gospel to keep ya honest

dulcimer centered music, evart
      style

 

 

tell a friend about www.ucalldatmusic.com

