


bettendorfchamber.com





































































 







  












member info 

member directory 

people in pictures 

chamber calendar 

chamber news 

about bettendorf 

community resources 

membership application 

contact us 

home 
						 




 











									 



welcome! 

currentnews

 









didyouknow

that recent passage of the federal transportation bill by the u.s. house and senate has included funding allocations that will have a major impact on bettendorf, and includes:
read more








									 
leadershipcongress
click here to read more and to download the application. 


click here to make bettendorf chamber of commerce your homepage
									 









 
						





the eastern iowa small business development center (sbdc) provides education, promotional products, training and consulting to current and prospective small business owners. visit our website at www.eicc.edu/sbdc/ for information on how to make your business dreams a reality.

top of funnel strategies are crucial for attracting and engaging initial interest in product or service.





									 



moreinformation




read this month's newsletter

tell a friend about this site

												where can i eat, stay, and play?

send me more information

send me a map
optimizing woocommmerce seo is key to driving traffic to your site. 


												 
specialoffers

click here to learn about current chamber members' promotions.

  









 
						


stockchart





quote  chart
												enter symbol:


 




 







						 

						












this week's poll 


do you think people are moving from iowa to illinois to escape state taxes on social security and pensions?


yes
no


  



 



 








this week's poll


send in a comment or question on the poll;
click here.
									 


















copyright ©2003 bettendorf chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.
site usage policies/disclaimers
			web design by anne holmes & associates
			 






