






jazz guitar improvisation in one lesson




 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close








 


 
























          ;




jazz guitar improvisation in
              one lesson! 

jazz
                guitar improvisation system
                that, with a concise fret board diagram; without naming a
                note, provides a network of options through a musical structure
                that outlines the limits of classical jazz harmony in major.
                arranged for fret board convenience for an acoustic solo chord
                style.
view 
                 
                instructions for use of the diagrams you see at the left for 
                this improvisation style online.
this is a 
                formula that delivers jazz guitar improvisation skills through 
                the practice of just a few mental and physical exercises. the 
                countless variations of circles of 5ths that result from the 
                application of the simple logic described ahead facilitates
                improvisation far more readily than common linear styles of
                learning. the use of a musical formula designed specifically for
                the guitar rather than any number of isolated chord progressions
                opens the door to this improvisation 
                system.
;
those
                with theoretical knowledge may find the depiction of the 
                    numerical correlation of these diagrams to classical jazz 
                    harmony in major to be quite familiar as it is charted for 
                    the fret board under the 
link 
                    to ; theory ; 
                    below.


click
to hear 
the jazz ; harmony created by the basic 
                options of this jazz guitar improvisation system. remember, it 
                is a midi reproduction and instrument quality will vary with the 
                sound card quality of the computer of the listener.
the diagrams 
                displayed at the left in conjunction with their surprisingly 
                simple application (once visualized) define a complete framework 
                for this chordal improvisation style. an initial effort, both 
                physical and mental, depending on your previous experience with 
                the guitar, is needed to memorize the options to a degree of 
                fluidity but in a short time the results will become apparent.
                sized for printing diagrams are available through the 
                link above.

 the
                description of the simple use of the colored diagrams becomes
                unavoidably wordy perhaps, but once grasped, the simple logic
                for the the diagrams will be all that are needed to improvise this
                system's solo acoustic finger style and in a short time you
                won't need the diagrams either. if you have guitar skills and
                are interested in acoustic jazz, but haven't, or will not have
                time to absorb the volumes on theory, this may be an ideal
                approach and well worth the effort. the simplicity of the
                recommended use for the colored diagrams may, on the surface,
                appear too easy to be of real value but if you have playing
                experience, you'll probably realize the number of avenues that
                stem from even the use of 3 or 4 chords. the introductory and
                background material describe how the diagrams are used to access
                an abundance of chord substitution options through circles of 
                5ths.  
                 ;
                click to the recommended use of diagrams for intermediate
                guitarists
online,
 recommended) 
                . size="4" color="#000000"> 
                or! see introduction and information below: (


color="#000000" size="+1">a broad
                harmonic perspective for the guitar 










jazz
                  guitar instruction for your current level; select links in
                  blue below:
 introduction:  >

                  
                   the chordal style described is free improvisation in
                  nature, like many instrumental breaks in modern jazz or in
                  free form acoustic jazz. it is jazz that emphasizes upper
                  chord tensions, the notes in  jazz harmony  that distinguish it
                  from conventional harmony. 

  the following improvisation composition method adheres to
                  the essentials of classical jazz harmony  while accessing a
                  broad harmonic perspective. 
  more than an isolated chord
                  progression or map of a single key, it is harmony based on the
                  circle of 5ths in motion.    knowledge of music theory or the
                  ability to read music are unnecessary to improvise with this
                  system.  
 knowledge of this system does not make a master of all forms
                  of jazz and isn't intended as a technique for improvisation 
                  with a jazz combo though the information here may certainly be 
                  of interest and useful to guitarists involved with a combo 
                  style, however, the relatively simple instructions offered
                  facilitate    improvisation through a network of options that
                  spans the limits of classical jazz harmony in major with
                  generous chord substitution options through circles of 5ths,   
                  with line progression ; melodic potential   automatically . 
                  this system's suggested chord options can be organized as 
                  cadences for composition as described in the instructions. a 
                  useful section is offered for novices; however the primary
                  intention of this presentation is it's function as an aid to
                  improvisation and composition for intermediate guitarists.
                  questions, comments, criticisms? contact author 
frank@musician.org.
                  meter ;  key changes occur freely so please understand that
                  it is not likely that this improvisation will resemble big
                  band, ragtime, or dixie style jazz. rhythmic variation is left
                  to the ear, mood, ability and discretion of the musician. the
                  chord structures most readily lend themselves to
                  finger-picking techniques. beginning fingerpicking 
                  patterns are suggested in the help area.
built into the logic that is
                  applied to these diagrams is a broad harmonic base for
                  improvisation.
please ;
                  click ;   among the
                  following described headings:









jazz
                  guitar improvisation lesson for beginning musicians . . . 
                very basic
for those who have no improvisation
                  or jamming experience of any kind or who may be intimidated by
                  a lack of knowledge of what constitutes improvisation. use of
                  the improvisation system is detailed. at least a fair effort
                  should be applied to get things rolling.








jazz
                  guitar improvisation intermediate approach
guitarists who have knowledge and
                  some fluency with perhaps, rambling through at least a few
                  basic chords, scales, or modes. even those with a fair
                  intellectual understanding of jazz theory but who, for
                  whatever reason, have not taken the step toward applying it to
                  the guitar fret board: begin here. also, those with some
                  knowledge and experience with chordal improvisation in the
                  jazz vein may find the system structure to be of interest.











                printable charts, additional ; advanced options, designed 
                for those who have tried the basic options with at least some 
                level satisfaction. ;

questions, comments, 
                criticisms:; email:;
                
                frank@musician.org



jazz
                  guitar chord evolution
visit this link if you have some 
                knowledge of fret board theory for a quick look at how the 
                system diagrams relate to the 5 basic major chord structures. ; 
                this image also suffices as a chord alteration chart.








guitar
                  improvisation help
the basic description of the use of
                  the system diagrams are meant to be complete, however, here
                  are some itemized ideas that relate to or are a repetition of
                  the basic instructions. some items may trigger a bit more
                  understanding of elements of learning you are facing.








jazz
                  guitar system harmony theory
this is also a ;concise; chart that 
                puts the numbers in perspective for jazz harmony theorists. 
                experienced jazz players should find this correlation to a 
                format that they're familiar with something of a relief from 
                wonder.








guitar
                  instrument playability
to address difficulties with left
                  hand fingering, here are suggested specifications for guitar
                  action. measurements described here are estimates. they refer
                  to an average acoustic steel string. nylon string guitars and
                  electric guitars usually don't present any problems with
                  difficult fingerings. electric guitar action should be closer
                  than that of an acoustic steel string.








jazz
                  guitar improvisation system background ; 

theory
this fret board system allows
                  improvisation without knowledge of the theory that's touched
                  on here. for technicians though, the author's
                  ;original; slant on the application of jazz harmony
                  to the guitar fret board is described. others may also find
                  incites into the workings of the guitar fret board.







            jazz guitar improvisation ; - ; scales 









jazz theory 
          study ; - ; guitar improvisation








jazz guitar improvisation
              in one lesson!
copyright 1999-2024
              frank spagnolo


______________________________
                
bcentral
                fastcounter
 ;
                
                
                




















