





search and rescue dogs in the netherlands






 



search and rescuedogs
in the netherlands



ben de lange


 er is ook een
nederlandse versie.
this site is not maintained anymore.


there are several groups active with search and rescue dogs in
the netherlands.
most of them train for missing persons and disaster work but also
some do tracking and water work.
the use of rescue dogs has become more widespread lately but the
authorities are in general quite slow in requesting the help of dog
teams.
most of the times it is more then 24 hours after a person is
missed that the dog teams are called. since the rescue dog teams
are all volunteer organizations there is no cost for the requesting
party.
recently the government takes a more active role. this was
triggered by the turkish earthquakes where no "official" dutch
sardog team was active. 
there were however 2 private dutch teams
and one belgian-dutch sar team. in 2000 there was a
fireworksexplosion in the city of enschede (18 people killed) where
no civil sardogs were deployed.
now an urban search and rescue team
is created of 150 people that is operational and has been sent to haiti in 2010. 
this
team is setup according the un insarag guidelines and consists of rescue workers search dog handlers and medical personnel.
the national police will provide dogs and handlers for
this team. unfortunately there are no plans at the moment to use
civil sar-dogs in this team.
on december 19 2004  the first official dutch test for urban
  search and rescue dogs have been held.
  three  of the six teams succeeded for the test and will be
  called by the national police in case of a disaster, gasexplosion
  or alike.
  it is the first step towards more use of volunteer rescue dogs by
the police. 
recently 9 searchdog groups have come to an agreement for mutual help. in case of bigger searches all teams work together and several times there have been searches with 30-40 dog teams.




disaster work

area search

trackingtrailing



avalanche
training

water search

pictures from a
search





sar-dog art

sar puppy



recent
training



interesting links

literature



history



new searchdog
chanouk


international excercise poland

new dog tirza born october 7, 2011



 e-mail:
ben@sardogs.nl
copyright ©  ben de lange
pictures may be used if you tell where you found them. on request i
will send higher resolution pictures.
most recent revision march 1, 2018



