





chris manual – great deals & investment options






































chris manual














siuy
est 2017


are precious metals still a good investment?september 23, 2021with a world wide pandemic still raging in 2021, people are longing for some financial security. according…
making money for beginnersjanuary 14, 2021there are several ways of making money online for beginners, and the good news is that you don’t…
writing to make money onlinejanuary 14, 2021if a person searches making money online, there are bound to be countless ideas thrown out there.…



are precious metals still a good investment?september 23, 2021with a world wide pandemic still raging in 2021, people are longing for some financial security. according to…
making money for beginnersjanuary 14, 2021there are several ways of making money online for beginners, and the good news is that you don’t need…
writing to make money onlinejanuary 14, 2021if a person searches making money online, there are bound to be countless ideas thrown out there. it…

are precious metals still a good investment?september 23, 2021with a world wide pandemic still raging in 2021, people are longing for some financial security. according to several experts…
making money for beginnersjanuary 14, 2021there are several ways of making money online for beginners, and the good news is that you don’t need to be…
writing to make money onlinejanuary 14, 2021if a person searches making money online, there are bound to be countless ideas thrown out there. it is easier…
tips for making money onlinejanuary 14, 2021there have always been people who manage to make money from home but these days, it’s easier for anyone to…



category title


are precious metals still a good investment?september 23, 2021with a world wide pandemic still raging in 2021, people are longing for some financial security. according to…
making money for beginnersjanuary 14, 2021there are several ways of making money online for beginners, and the good news is that you don’t need…
writing to make money onlinejanuary 14, 2021if a person searches making money online, there are bound to be countless ideas thrown out there. it…
tips for making money onlinejanuary 14, 2021there have always been people who manage to make money from home but these days, it’s easier for…

with a world wide pandemic still raging in 2021, people are longing for some financial security. according to several experts in the precious metals industry, they advise, ‘it’s still a very good investment tool.’ many experts say, that an indicator of how well an investment in precious metals can be, is how it performed as an investment last year. the year 2020 was a year like no other, as many companies experienced a severe economic down turn. the precious metals industry also experienced some ups and down. regardless of what type of precious metal one invested in, silver, gold and platinum, investors saw a strong profit margin by the end of the year. gold and silver both had ups and downs in 2020, as far as their spot price. gold did very well setting an all time record as far as value.
both gold and silver ended the year in a direction of continuing to rise in profit. some of the end of year profits for gold and silver were attributed to the stimulus checks that were sent out to people to stimulate the economy. companies like jm bullion can be very helpful when investing. you can look at jm bullion reviews to get information on whether or not this is the company for you.
silver actually had a gain of twice as much of value by the end of 2020. experts were advising investors to keep investing in precious in 2021 and beyond. experts have been saying that gold has been on a ‘bull right’ which means the demand or product far exceeds what the actual supply is. so people investing in the markets tend to do well during a ‘bull run’ market. silver started to enter a bull market at the end of 2020 and continues to be heading in profit margin direction. many investment experts will have you pondering a very simple question. they ask when is the possible time to start investing in something. in the beginning, middle or end of a bull run. all investment experts that regularly weigh on the subject will tell their people, that the start of a bull run is the best possible time to start investing in precious metals. the reason for this say experts, is an investor has more time to ride the market when it is going up in value, and therefore seeing more profit from an initial investment. for investors that have already been investing in precious metals for a while, they will have items that they bought at a much lower price then the current spot price.
investment experts are saying that for people that are just now investing in precious metals, ‘there is a lot of room for the market to go up and see a profit margin.’ they also advise that not only will investing in precious this year be a very good investment, but for years to come, the experts predict that precious metals will continue to go up in value. various experts who study the economy are predicting that the world will experience inflation, due to many issues such as pandemic and increasing severe weather events. investment experts suggest that investing in precious metals will be an exceptional barrier to that expected inflation. to reiterate the claims of several leading economists, they are predicting that consumers will experience epic inflation. they further predict that the u.s. dollar will implode in value within the next decade. part of this conundrum known as impending inflation was caused by the government printing stimulus checks as fast as they possible could. however economists warn that because the pandemic continues to wreck havoc on the world economy, inflation isn’t going anywhere either. government officials were hopeful that with onset of vaccines, the economy would bounce back.
that has not proven to be the case with various new strains of the virus sprouting up. those new strains causing new cases of the virus and that health issue continues to be a downturn in the economy. the government officials that deal with economy were hopeful that things in the u.s. and the rest of the world would start to stabilize by the last part of 2021, but that has clearly not happened. there has been talk that it’s possible for the government to issue another round of stimulus checks to deal with hardships related to the pandemic. that is a temporary remedy for something that can not be permanently fixed. the us dollar is continuing to be extremely weak, due to all of these very important ancillary issues. most financial experts are advising people that are looking to invest money in sound areas, to invest in gold and or silver, and other precious metals. they are not saying to put all of ones money into any one thing, but to take some money and diversify into other currencies like precious metals. at some point financial experts advise the ud dollar will go into oblivion, so the time to invest in precious metals is now.






chris manual

categories
 general

uncategorized



subscribe
subscribe to our e-mail list to read all news first. we will not spam you, promise!







© siuy 2022. all rights reserved
facebook
instagram
twitter









