




































virginia tech corps of cadets  | virginia tech corps of cadets | virginia tech








skip to main content
skip to search




virginia tech®
					home





universal access toggle

universal access




close universal access dialog

universal access options

report a
									barrier

accessibility
									portal




pause all background videos








underline all links





 
 
 



apply

visit

give



shop



hokie gearapparel, clothing, gear and
											merchandise
hokie shopuniversity bookstore,
											merchandise and gifts
hokie
											license platespart of every virginia tech plate purchase
											funds
											scholarships







resources for



future students

current
							students
parents and families
faculty and staff
alumni
industry and partners



 
 




virginia tech corps of cadets





menu








student affairs  /



virginia tech corps of cadets






about


about submenu toggle



greetings from the commandantstaff biographiescontact usa history of the corps of cadetsour canine ambassadorthe flag cadetsrequest the color guardrequest the obstacle course




join


join submenu toggle



learn more about the corps of cadetsscholarshipscitizen-leader trackfaqsarmy rotcnaval rotcair force rotccorps organizationsdefense civilian training corps




academics


academics submenu toggle



the maj gen w. thomas rice center for leader developmentglobal scholars programminor in leadershipresources for successcommandant's listcorps academic offeringscitizen-leader track prolab




alumni


alumni submenu toggle



your class championshokie heroesvtcca board of directorscorps reviewthe corps museumdistinguished alumni of the corpscorps reunion 2024




giving


giving submenu toggle



our prioritiescaldwell marchbrick plaques




band


band submenu toggle



what it takesbenefits and financial aidour historyhighty-tighty alumni


resources


corps of cadets - brand guidelines


corps of cadets - brand guidelines submenu toggle



brand hierarchylogo & shield usagedistinct identitiesbrand extensionmarks & graphic elementsbusiness assetscolor palette & typographybrand guidance





apply
visit
give



shop



hokie gearapparel, clothing, gear and merchandise
hokie shopuniversity bookstore, merchandise and gifts
hokie license platespart of every virginia tech plate purchase funds scholarships









resources for




future students
current students
parents and families
faculty and staff
alumni
industry and partners








search










search query


×


search








 






										search this site 






										search all vt.edu sites 






										people search 





frequent searches:



 













web results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date



























 





news results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date






filter search









categories


academics




campus experience




culture




impact




research




story type


feature




notice




story



video




apply filters
clear filters



























 





video results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date


























 





people results for 































 
 



people results



see more



 

vt news results



see more



 
 
 
 





 
 
 

 
 





            student affairs
            
                 / 


virginia tech corps of cadets / 





explore










                            
                            about
                        



                            
                            join
                        



                            
                            academics
                        



                            
                            alumni
                        



                            
                            giving
                        



                            
                            band
                        



                            
                            resources
                        



                            
                            corps of cadets - brand guidelines
                        






virginia tech corps of cadets







virginia tech corps of cadets




          virginia tech commencement information
        







join us for the spring 2025 corps graduation ceremony on may 16 at 7 p.m. in the burruss hall auditorium


                                                watch highlight videos about cadet activities on our youtube page 
                                                


































global, ethical leaders.now ... more than ever.
we trace our history to the founding of virginia tech in 1872, but our experience is modern, agile, and unlike anything else offered on campus. we are a four-year, full-time leader development program focused on building teamwork, character, and problem-solving skills that make a difference in today's world.






cadets stand in formation.










visit the corps of cadets


learn to lead


give to the corps


leave your legacy with a brick plaque















choose your path
in the military-leader track, you will train to commission as a military officer after graduation. you will be eligible to earn national rotc scholarships. in the citizen-leader track, there is no military obligation. you will apply the leadership skills you’ve learned directly to your first job.






a cadet sits in the cockpit of a plane.










army rotc


air force rotc


naval rotc


citizen-leader track















beyond the classroom
are you looking for a challenge for your college experience? are you interested in leadership development and lifelong camaraderie?






a cadet fires skipper.










corps organizations


highty-tighties


defense civilian training corps















alumni and friends
active and engaged alumni are an integral part of the corps' success, whether they return to speak to cadets about their leadership experiences, volunteer for or attend corps events, serve as class champions, or, most importantly, become a mentor to cadets.






boston college game hokie hero: u.s. army capt. william chung ’15 is deployed to afghani-stan.










corps of cadets alumni


corps reunion


highty-tighty alumni reunion


hokie heroes


corps review magazine












calendars

corps of cadets event calendar

academic calendar





exciting scholarship news!
all cadets (including incoming new cadets) with a current fafsa on file can receive a $1,000 emerging leader scholarship. upperclass cadets must be in good standing and have a cumulative gpa of 2.0 or above to be awarded this scholarship. the corps can also provide additional assistance with unmet need after financial aid has been awarded. rising juniors and seniors in good standing with a current fafsa and cumulative gpa of 2.5 or above will receive an additional horizon fund scholarship of $3,500. instead of an emerging leader scholarship, some cadets in good standing may qualify for commandant scholarships, which are awarded on a merit or need basis for up to $5,000. for unexpected and emergent needs, the commandant’s scholarship response fund is available to aid cadets. also, cadets taking winter or summer semester classes can also apply for scholarships, valued at up to $3,000.





















 

 









cadets in the news










article item














            virginia tech first-year applications approach 58,000, another record high
            
            , article


for the fifth straight year, virginia tech has set a new high for the number of first-year applications for admissions with 57,622 first-year applications submitted for fall 2025 admission.


date: 
02/14/2025












article item














            fullhart horizon fund helps keep cadets on the path to success 
            
            , article


in the first year of the fund, the corps provided about $1.2 million in scholarships to cadets in their junior and senior years. 

date: 
02/14/2025












article item














            'right person, right officer, right job': alumnus helps oversee israel-lebanon ceasefire
            
            , article


on nov. 27, u.s. army officials sent maj. gen. jasper jeffers iii ’96, a native of giles county who works as a commander in the u.s. special operations command central to beirut, lebanon, for the “implementation and monitoring mechanism” of the cessation of hostilities between israel and lebanon.

date: 
01/24/2025












article item














            new river battalion tops national ranking for second year
            
            , article


the battalion, which includes virginia tech and radford university’s army rotc programs, is ranked no. 1 out of 274 programs.

date: 
01/15/2025






















commandant's office
corps leadership and military science building (0213) suite 144 355 old turner street
blacksburg, va 24061
front desk: 540-231-6413
enrollment: 540-231-6858
alumni: 540-231-7431
corps@vt.edu
































          commandant's facebook
        






          vtcc instagram
        






          vtcc twitter
        






          vtcc youtube
        









































get directions  
see all locations  
contact virginia tech  






university status
principles of community
privacy statement
acceptable use
we remember
university libraries
accessibility
consumer information
cost & aid
safe at vt
policies
equal opportunity
wvtf
university bookstore
jobs at virginia tech
strategic plan





© 2025 virginia polytechnic institute and state university. all rights reserved.


facebook
x
threads
instagram
linked in
youtube











