





nckcn - the internet solution for rural communities














javascript required
this website does not work properly without javascript enabled.
for full functionality of nckcn.com, you will need to enable javascript.
here are the instructions on how to enable javascript in your web browser.
once javascript is enabled, simply come back to this page and refresh it.
thanks in advance,
the nckcn administration team










nckcn profiles:
















 





























hello there
welcome to nckcn.com
we hope you enjoy your visit!






main links

home
services
products
nck-wifi
news
support

customer portals

webmail 
escout
speedtest
virtual domain statistics

get to know nckcn

about us
coverage map
policies

nckcn hub

www.nckcn.com
legacy.nckcn.com
my-space.nckcn.com
news.nckcn.com
support.nckcn.com
vdomains.nckcn.com
webmail.nckcn.com 
www.nck-wifi.com

nckcn partners

ctc
ncrpc














new - nckcn's response to covid-19
published: march 17th, 2020
https://news.nckcn.com
due to the rapid development of the covid-19, and local businesses / employees feeling the effects of it (ie: working from home remotely), nckcn would
						like to help those in need as much as possible and nckcn's reponse to this...
					
read more



update or change your password(s)
published: april 5th, 2018
https://news.nckcn.com
it's always a good idea to update and/or change your password(s) frequently.  nckcn encourages you to do this at least once a year, whether it be on certain
						websites where you have a username and password to login, your computers lock-screen...
					
read more



nckcn's smtp mobile service
published: march 19th, 2018
https://support.nckcn.com
are you constantly on the move with your mobile device(s) and wish you could send messages with your nckcn or virtual domain's email account from any wifi access
						point? if so, sign up for nckcn's smtp mobile service - it's 100% free...
					
read more





nckcn's webmail portal
published: march 19th, 2018
https://support.nckcn.com
use the webmail interface if you want to check, send or delete your email via your browser instead of using an email client program. you can also use the
						webmail interface to set up any forwards, redirects or auto-responses...
					
read more



nckcn pre-authorized payment
published: december 27th, 2017
https://support.nckcn.com
would you like to pay your nckcn bill conveniently? nckcn offers automatic withdraw for your monthly/yearly services...
learn more



nckcn domains are now secure
published: february 19th, 2019
https://news.nckcn.com
the following nckcn subdomains and its main domain are now using a ssl certificate from a trusted (ca) certificate authority, meaning all nckcn domains
						are now secured! feel safe knowing that any information from forms you fill out...
					
read more






announcements



















												highspeed fixed wireless internet
											

												residential & business
											

												looking for highspeed wireless internet for your home or business? nckcn offers affordable plans with speeds up to 100mbps!
											
learn more »














                                                                                                acp
                                                                                        

                                                                                                affordable connectivity program
                                                                                        


                                                                                                **important usac fcc's affordable connectivity program annoument: due to lack of funding from congress, the affordable connectivity program (acp) ended, for now, on june 1, 2024, and acp consumers can no longer receive this benefit. in response, usac has immediately updated getinternet.org, affordableconnectivity.gov, and usac.org to reflect these program changes.
                                                                                                

learn more at the acp website »

 






												nckcn services
											

												internet, email and more!
											

												check out and sign up for nckcn services today! internet, email, nck-wifi, and support - services done right for personal or business needs!
											
learn more »








 

















north central kansas community network
the non-profit internet solution for rural communities
north central kansas community network, also known as nckcn, is a public/private partnership with the north central regional planning commission (ncrpc). nckcn
							is a non-profit private organization that currently serves 14 communities within north central kansas with high-speed fixed wireless internet as well as
							provides other great services, such as: email, web hosting, etc. to these and other locations. nckcn is head-quartered in beloit, ks.
						
nckcn was organized in december of 1995 as a non-profit organization in the state of kansas and is registered as such with the secretary of state.
							it is managed by a board of directors.
						
"the mission of nckcn is to make available and promote the use of informational technology, the open development, evolution, and use of the internet and
							other related services in order to foster economic development for the benefit of the citizens throughout north central kansas."
mission revised: 10/18/2017
adopted by nckcn's board of directors
ian draemel, former president (2016 - 2021)

nckcn has set forth and continues to adhere to the following goals since its inception:
• to benefit those individuals and communities that find themselves left out of the technology revolution at the current time and thereby begin
							the immediate process of developing a cultural awareness of informational technology in rural communities.
						
• to broaden everyone's view of community and lessen the sense of rural isolation by heightening local awareness of the human and physical
							resources possessed by the whole of north central kansas that can be accessed to address local need.
						
• to broaden the application and use of informational technology within the education and business structure of north central kansas through
							demonstration and education.
						
learn more about nckcn




meet the team



john shea
executive director
view profile



todd tuttle
systems administrator
view profile



pepper roberg
office manager
view profile



brett beck
asst. sys. admin / outside plant manager
view profile



board of directors
total: 6
view group profile









services






internet for your home or business
tired of slow internet speeds or waiting on movies and streaming to buffer? is your business in need of faster internet speeds? check out our available packages
									with speeds that rival fiber - we offer fixed high-speed wireless internet that's fast, reliable, and affordable for both residential and business
									needs.
								
view packages







email accounts
in need of an email account? create one today and start using our webmail interface to check, send or delete emails to/from fellow peers, colleagues,
									and of the like. this service even allows one to setup forwards, redirects or auto-responders. included with every nckcn email account are active
                                    spam and virus filters.
								
view packages







support
need help with your nckcn/ctc services. have questions or concerns call give tech support at: 1-877-841-6500. also, check out our support pages online
                                containing a plethora of useful guides and faq's. simply click the view guides button below. 
								
view guides











100's of 😊
internetsubscribers



14
areascovered



1
communitynetwork



6
differentservices



110+
people like uson facebook







latest news view all







newsletter
june 2022 edition







useful website
accuweather







useful website
google search







useful website
kansas weather map







news
change your password







total # of newsletters 202 
total # of useful website recommendations 200
total # of news articles 16 
















contact information
nckcn
109 n. mill
beloit, ks 67420
main office: 785-738-2218
tech. support: 1-877-841-6500

social media profiles


















main links
• home
• services
• products
• nck-wifi
• news
• support
customer portals
• webmail 
• gosecure
• speedtest
• virtual domain statistics
get to know nckcn
• about us
• coverage map
• policies
site developed by: michael draemel
(v1.6)


nckcn hub
• www.nckcn.com
• legacy.nckcn.com
• my-space.nckcn.com
• news.nckcn.com
• support.nckcn.com
• vdomains.nckcn.com
• webmail.nckcn.com 
• www.nck-wifi.com
nckcn partners
• ctc
• ncrpc






© 1995 - 2025
north central kansas community network
images used are copyright to their respective owners


















