



home


















adrian korsner 'sound images' photography
currently under construction








home
|
about
|
services
|
prices
|
library of images
|
contact




home
0








... loading slideshow ...










jazz and music












theatre and entertainment












travel and sport














people and portraiture












buildings and places












latest images







adrian korsner photography - music, theatre, the arts
 
sound images is a photographic company covering most aspects of the profession but specialising in music, theatre and the arts.
adrian korsner,  photographer and frustrated musician, began by taking pictures of jazz players as a way to become involved in the music. the pictures he took were thought to be very sympathetic to both the music and the musicians. starting in the clubs he soon graduated to concerts and festivals. adrian will now go anywhere to capture an image. his pictures are in demand for magazines, books and cd covers and in 1993, he had the first of several exhibitions of his work. his pictures are now hanging in many countries.  in the 1980's he had the opportunity to learn and work with the legendary jazz photographer, herman leonard in london, san francisco and new orleans.
adrian shoots stills for films and tv programmes and live theatre productions. he also risks life and limb photographing professional wrestling and does some sports photography.
we can photograph your buisness meetings, panels and 'brain's trusts' etc.
adrian’s characteristic style resulted from his reluctance to shoot with flash, preferring to make himself invisible by using fast film with specialised processing and available light. a style he has developed for the digital age. adrian has photographed many of the ‘giants of jazz’ but is just as happy to work with gigging local musicians.
he is available to photograph musicians in his studio in london, at their homes, on gigs, rehearsals and on recording sessions. his work decorates many a cd, magazines, books and posters.
he is happy to attend your concert, show or event and record it for you.
rates are very reasonable and results are usually available within forty-eight hours or less; sometimes even while u wait. sound images can also undertake advertising shots, web shoots and industrial photography. he is a keen portrait photographer of adults and children.
adrian loves recording architectural and landscape subjects and has a keenly collected archive of fine art prints.
 
we undertake photography commissions and take and sell images for artistic or commercial purposes.
  07973763993 or  contact me

enquire if you would like to purchase specific images.















