




















liveeyenet | security camera installers in alabama & florida




































info@liveeyenet.com









mon - sat 8:00 - 18:00





contact us
















home
about us
installation services
our products
blogs
contact us
 















home
about us
installation services
our products
blogs
contact us




















welcome to live eye net security!
safety of our customers is our topmost priority and that’s why offer the most trusted security camera installation services in alabama and florida, the united states. 


















01

advanced surveillance technology 
we offer cutting edge security technology, including hd systems, motion detection, smart remote monitoring and 24/7 surveillance to keep vulnerabilities at bay. 








02

customized solutions
we provide our customized security camera systems for residential and commercial properties in florida, ensuring complete coverage and advanced features to meet your desired security needs. 








03

base-to-base monitoring 
ensure seamless connectivity and real-time security with efficient communication to protect your home or office. we can help you monitor large-scale properties with perfection. 



















best security camera installers in alabama & florida

at live eye net security, we specialize in offering an end-to-end security camera installation in alabama and florida, tailored to your needs and budget. from residential cctv installation to commercial surveillance camera setup, our in-house team of experts focus on strengthening the security of your property. we also provide services for offices & commercial spaces in alabama & florida. our list of clients includes business2sell, leading online platform trusted for finding latest business for sale in orlando, florida and other primary cities of the state.  we can go above and beyond the expectations to deliver cutting-edge safety and security services to safeguard your family, precious possessions and expensive equipment. we are known for:




affordable solutions:
enjoy top-notch security camera installations at the most competitive prices. let us protect your loved ones and valuable assets without burning a hole in your pocket. 





rapid response times:
we quickly turnaround on cctv installation requests and service calls, and that’s our promise. feel free to contact us and book our experts for a safe and secure homes and offices. 















upgrade your locking system at home!
call us and install the cutting-edge security cameras in florida. 












 
what we offer 








 residential camera installation 
protect your home with professionally installed hd cameras. our residential cctv installation services in alabama and florida includes detailed coverage, remote monitoring and motion detection to secure your family and assets 24/7.









 commercial cctv installation
boost the security of your business premises with our advanced security and surveillance systems. our experts can install scalable security cameras, access controls and monitoring services to meet your specific security needs. 









 cctv system design & consultation 
our top-notch surveillance technology is designed with the aim to deliver reliable footage that can be viewed on the go on your mobile phone. we also offer customized solutions to meet your specific needs and budget. 









 access control system 
enhance security with cutting-edge access control systems. our company installs and manages keyless entry, biometric scanners and card-based services in commercial properties to prevent unauthorized entry. 









 maintenance and repairs 
our aim is to ensure that your security systems run flawlessly with our maintenance and repair solutions. we upgrade your cameras, detect and fix troubleshooting and offer uninterrupted protection. 
















hd and  4k security cameras 
get peace of mind with our hd and 4k security cameras. these systems ensure crystal-clear images, even in low light, ensuring top-notch security. it can effectively identify faces, license plates and crucial details in real-time. 









dome cameras 
we offer and install dome cameras that are popular in the usa. these are sleek in design and ideal for both indoor and outdoor use. these devices offer 360 degree surveillance, vandal resistance and hd picture quality. 









bullet cameras 
bulled cameras are ideal for outdoor security as these are designed for long-distance viewing. their weatherproof design and high resolution footage provide quick and clear monitoring of entrances, driveways and even garage. 









wireless cameras 
wireless cameras let you install the device easily and place it anywhere inside and outside the property. it features remote access and real-time-alerts, ideal for smart security solutions and constant monitoring. 















10+
years of experience






500+
cameras installed 






25+
in-house experts 






5k
happy customers













 
our team













michael carter
lead technician













emily harper
security consultant 













james logan
technical support specialist














 
customer reviews








"the team was professional and efficient! our new security cameras are premium, and the installation was hassle-free. highly recommend their services for anyone looking for reliable, high-quality surveillance solutions!"


hector l. 







"fantastic service! the installation was quick, and the motion sensor system works perfectly. we feel much safer now. the team was knowledgeable and helped us choose the right security system for our home."


dorothy s. 







"installing night vision cameras from live eye net security was the best decision for our home’s safety. the clarity of the footage, even in pitch darkness, is impressive. their team was professional, quick, and knowledgeable. we now feel safer knowing our property is monitored day and night. highly recommend their services!"


richard k.















 
install night vision cameras for enhanced security!
at live eye net security, we strive hard to help you meet your specific safety and security needs through our cctv cameras and surveillance technology. ensure 24/7 hour protection with cutting-edge night-vision cameras that are designed to capture clear footage in complete darkness as well. these are perfect for homes and businesses as it uses infrared technology to detect and monitor activity during nighttime. trust our services and ensure peace of mind round-the-clock. 












 
latest blogs











 03 feb 2025			
how to choose the right security camera system for your property
the first step to enhancing the security of a home is through the installation of a secure security camera system. however, picking the best is challenging because there are different features and styles offered in the market. to provide long-term…
read more










 20 jan 2025			
motion detection vs. 24/7 surveillance: which is best for your property?
protecting your property in this modern world is important and absolutely essential. choosing the best security system has become both exciting and daunting due to technological improvements. one of the most important decisions you will make is choosing between motion…
read more










 11 dec 2024			
how motion detection enhances security camera effectiveness?
in recent years in the united states, security camera systems have witnessed significant technological advancements. one of the most important features contributing to their increased effectiveness is motion detection. this smart technology has revolutionized the way we monitor and secure…
read more



















live eye net security is one of the trusted security camera installers in alabama and florida, the united states. we aim to enhance the safety and security of our customers and their homes and offices. 











our links


home
about us
installation services
our products
blogs
contact us
 





contact info



 
					info@liveeyenet.com
				


  
				florida, usa
				











copyright © 2024 liveeyenet. all rights reserved.


































