






junior league of miami









































 












			e-store		

			donate		

			member area		










junior league of miami




search menu



 




building better communitiescommitted to advancing women's leadership, training volunteers and improving our community.						









 

about us 
the junior league of miami, inc. is an organization of women whose mission is to advance women’s leadership for meaningful community impact through volunteer action, collaboration, and training. its purpose is exclusively educational and charitable.





 

our history 
throughout the league’s history, the volunteering women of the junior league have planted the seeds for many programs that are still part of this community today.





 

join us 
when you join the junior league, you’re joining over 150,000 women across 291 leagues. make a mark in your own backyard—join the junior league of miami’s diverse and passionate group of volunteers today.





 

community projects 
the junior league of miami focuses on making a significant impact within the areas of homelessness, family violence, child and women’s health, early childhood education and foster care. by choosing to donate, you are taking an active role in our efforts unite and build a better community for the miami-dade area.

























about ussince its founding in 1901 by social activist mary harriman, the junior league has evolved into one of the oldest, largest and most effective women’s volunteer organizations in the world, encompassing 150,000 women in 291 leagues in four countries.






get in touchjunior league of miami
713 biltmore way
coral gables, florida 33134
(305) 443-0160


contact us






we have a 4-star rating from charity navigator!











		copyright © 
		2019, 2025 junior league of miami		
privacy statement | 		shipping & return policy | 		login


































close


about us

leadership
president’s message
jlm foundation

board members
donors
donation levels
league recognition
how you can donate to the foundation
commemorative gifts
give by mail
governing documents
contact jlm foundation


community advisory board
strategic plan
public stand and positions
annual reports
media & publications

our impact brochure
jlm journal

archives




association of junior leagues international
contact us


join us

join as a new member
benefits
transfers
reinstatement


our history

past presidents
headquarters
excerpts from first minutes


community

community partners
signature projects

inn transition
done in a day


awards

junior league of miami scholarship
women who make a difference

–2024
-sponsorship opportunities


jlm volunteer awards

volunteer of the year award
sustainer of the year award
rebecca herndon bush service award






support us

events & fundraisers

annual fund
give miami day
holiday bazaar
women who make a difference


e-store
donate


 



close




search for:




 







by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information acceptthe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. if you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "accept" below then you are consenting to this.close 











