







access theater







































































































              home
            

            about
          

            staff
          

            programs
          

            rentals
          

            faq
          

            donate
          
















































































homeaboutstaffprogramsrentalsfaqdonate


















scroll






 

intern spotlightaccess theater is thrilled to be in our 3rd year of working with the williams college alumni sponsored internship program. access theater artistic director, laura lee is an alumna of williams college, which enables access theater to participate in this fantastic program. the interns receive a grant through the program which enables them to work either in-person or remotely for 40 hours per week for 8-9 weeks over the summer. the interns get hands-on experience in the arts and access theater gets to benefit from the work of the next generations brightest, most dedicated and diligent up-and-coming creative leaders!please meet this fantastic group of access theater interns! get to know the next generation of artistic and creative leaders! and hire these wonderful people!!

 

allison geisrising junior at williams college (at the time of internship summer 2022)major: englishq&awhat areas of study are you pursuing in college? i have admittedly been a little all over the place for my first two years of college, switching between majors until i got to english. i have always had a real interest in politics and psychology, but i think i realized that it actually comes from a place of wanting to understand people and myself and why we are the way we are. eventually i made my way back to novels and film, childhood loves of mine that i had never even considered as a career option. i think what i am really pursuing now is storytelling as a means of making sense of the world we live in.what artists, theater, film or other projects inspire you? right now i’d say i’m most inspired by what jordan peele is working on and movies like everything everywhere all at once. films that are blurring the lines between genres, defying expectations, and telling brand new stories that you can’t really compare to anything you’ve ever seen before. i love not knowing what’s going to happen next while becoming deeply invested in the characters and the story. what do you hope to do in your future career?i grew up in the suburbs of phoenix, arizona with parents that really didn’t like their jobs. my mom works in medical billing and my dad works at a distribution center for a big retail corporation. they would come home not even wanting to talk about their day because they found it so draining and dull. because of his unhappiness, my dad tried to instill in me the idea that i needed to find a high-paying job regardless of the happiness it may or may not bring me. he thought he was looking out for me but, for better or for worse, that part didn’t really stick. based on what i witnessed, i decided that what is most important to me in deciding on a career would be personal happiness. i have found that i am most joyful and most myself when i am watching or working on films, reading novels, and creating art in general. i have used this as a guide that has led me to my college major, this internship, and my upcoming year abroad at prague film school. while i feel like right now i am still just a kid figuring things out, i know i want to work in film and i am doing what i can to explore all of the departments and jobs that are make up the filmmaking process. i love the idea of reading scripts everyday and working in development. i would also like to explore sound design further after leading sound production in my first short film and taking a couple classes heavy in sound editing. i have even found that i have a love for writing realistic dialogue, so i’d like to practice this more, too. while i spend my junior year abroad, i hope to find my place in the industry where my keen eye for detail, complete honesty, and unique perspective can be utilized. ultimately, i hope to work on films or tv shows that star independent women and explore the complexities of family relationships and forging new paths. i see filmmaking as a way to better understand myself and the world around me and i would be lucky to have a career doing what i love.



nate kimrising sophomore at williams college (at the time of internship summer 2022)major: economics and spanishq&awhat has been your favorite part of the internship?i love how this internship has changed my perception of the city. as someone who grew up in the suburbs, the city has not always been a place i enjoyed coming to. as a boy, my parents often dragged me to weekend shows that i had little interest in. when your friends are having sleepovers and you’re watching a play, it’s hard to appreciate the magic of theater. coming into the city regularly for work, though, has given me a new appreciation for what the city has to offer. i have especially enjoyed the food in the area surrounding access theater. access theater is quite close to chinatown, so i often meander there during my lunch break and sometimes after work, picking up random (and cheap) bites to eat. what has been the biggest challenge?this internship has been on a hybrid schedule for me, where i go into the city to work two out of the five days of the work week. a big challenge for me, as a night-owl, has been waking up to commute to the city. to make it to work on time, i wake up around 8:15. this is quite a bit earlier than the times i wake up when i work virtually and on the weekends. the commute is certainly better working on zoom!another challenge has been staying on task when working from home. when i am in the city, there are less distractions and as a result, it is much easier to stay on task. at home, it feels like my parents, sister, and dog always need something from me. i’ve definitely improved in limiting these distractions by moving the location where i work and letting my family know that i would not like to be bothered.what areas of study are you pursuing in college?right now i am on an economics and spanish track. economics has always fascinated me as a mix between math and social sciences. i thoroughly enjoyed economics in high school and continued with similar classes in my freshman year. my spanish journey started in middle school and is something that i have loved for the eight years that i have been on it. more recently, i noticed significant improvements with the language as a result of one semester of college spanish. my goal is to be fluent by the time i graduate, something that i believe is entirely possible. i also plan to study abroad and grow with spanish even further. what are some creative or personal products that you are working on outside of school and this internship?after this internship ends, i am preparing to go to my grandparents’ house in charlottesville, virginia for the last time. since before i can remember , i have gone to their house annually with my cousins, aunts, and uncles. after our final visit, my grandparents are selling the house so that they can move to taiwan permanently. in memory of the house, i am making a video of some of the best times i have had in the house to the song i'll be seeing you by isto. the trip is definitely bittersweet, so i am hoping that this video will help my family remember the good times at the house. 










nate in the access theater lobby. 












erinn in the access theater lobby. 





erinn mckenzierising senior at williams college (at the time of internship summer 2022)major: english with an africana studies concentrationq&aquestion 1: what are some creative endeavors you are working on outside of school and the internship?this internship has made me prioritize creative projects, so i want to make an effort to work on my creative writing and my art. this summer, i started working on an art instagram page and hope to start an art shop by the end of this year. i have been tapping into zines, digital art, and physical merchandising and want to share my art with everyone. i also want to create and finish a lot of my short story ideas. my dream is to create a book with my short stories and publish them. one particular short story i’m currently working on is set in the 50s and details the long existential conversation between a down-on-his-luck drunken man and a mysterious yet naive woman until a twist revelation changes everything (no spoilers yet). question 2: what has been the biggest challenge?a big challenge in the industry is feeling like i would be pigeonholed to discuss solely racial stories only. that doesn’t mean i don’t want to make black-centric stories. one of my upcoming short stories is about a whirlwind black queer love story. i just don’t want every story i write to be a “black struggle story” whether my character is black or queer like me. i love escapism and if a story idea comes in that discusses racial issues, i’ll let it be written. but that shouldn’t have to be all i write about. there are amazing stories being told about the struggles within the black experience but the black experience is not linear. my experience is not the same as my mother’s and hers is not the same as my closest black friend. there are more stories to tell and i don’t want people to rely on black pain all the time. there is black joy that needs to be celebrated as well.question 3: what artists, theater projects, film, or other projects have inspired you?currently and surprisingly, i’d say beyonce’s renaissance album. her experimentation has made me change the way i pursue my creative works. i need to learn to take more risks rather than staying stagnant.in terms of film, i am a horror movie enthusiast and it’s weird because, for years, i was really scared of horror movies but after watching carrie in high school, i started to see how there is a lot of creativity when it comes to crafting these stories. it’s not always about a spooky ghost or an angry demonic presence. there are some great stories about generational trauma, class/racial divisions, the loss of innocence, etc. other than horror, i always go back to heathers and stranger things (season 1 specifically) for storytelling purposes.






   








caroline working remotely. 





caroline morrisseyrising sophomore at williams college (at the time of internship summer 2022)major: english (focus on film and media)q&aquestion 1: what has been your favorite part of this internship?“my favorite part of this internship has been having the opportunity to learn about how both the theater and film industries function through getting my hands dirty. my involvement in theater throughout my life, through performing, choreographing, crewing, and marketing, as well as my lifelong love for film has been a key part of my life during high school and into college. this internship has allowed me to take my passions for theater and film and put them to work. through no experience before this one was i able to learn first-hand about aspects like grant writing, post-production sound mixing, talent agencies and unions, film sales, and the ever-changing covid standards on film sets, that had never previously crossed my mind. i have thoroughly enjoyed being able to learn by doing instead of by observing.”question 2: what do you hope to do in your future career?“i hope to be able to work in an environment similar to access theater–one that primarily emphasizes both strong creative and analytical thinking. i look forward to narrowing down my passion for the performing and media arts into a career path in which i can continue to strengthen my artistic muscles and collaborate with others to create unique and meaningful art. while i am not set on just one field or career-path, i find excitement rather than discouragement in this kind of forthcoming uncertainty. i look forward to continuing to learn about these creative industries and the countless professional possibilities within them. i love creating things that are inspired by work i admire but are uniquely mine. i admire influential artists and professionals like greta gerwig and jason blum that are pioneers in their field and leaders in their genres. i look forward to filling my professional career with opportunities for growth and fearless innovation. “question 3: what do you see as the biggest challenge for your generation moving forward into creative careers?“i think one of the biggest challenges for creative people my age when choosing a career is simply deciding exactly which path to take. my generation has so many opportunities at our fingertips. with technology being so accessible, more young people are exposed to the arts (theater, film, music, dance, etc.) without the barriers of ticket prices, transportation costs, or formal training. youtube and free applications like imovie and garageband have made it easier than ever to do independent research into various creative disciplines and learn virtually from peers on how to improve. i have struggled myself with narrowing down my creative goals because my passions for dance, theater, writing, and film feel equally strong. through this kind of struggle, though, i have found ways to incorporate my interdisciplinary knowledge and take lessons i have learned from each passion and incorporate them into the task at hand. for example, i am able to use skills i have learned through my dance and choreographic training and use them to visualize and decide on scene structure or staging for film. like my multi talented peers, i understand the value in being artistically well rounded and the nuance it adds to whatever i am working on. ”



justin piccininnirising junior at williams college (at the time of internship summer 2022)major: englishwhat areas of study are you pursuing in college?“i am an english major at williams. i got to english through a convoluted path — i started college as a prospective physics major. what draws me to english classes are stories. there can be so much going on beneath the surface of the stories we love, or even jumping right out at us if we let the significations through. how our favorite (or least favorite) movie, book, or play can come to represent so much more is what makes the subject so important to me.”what media inspires you?“over the past few years the sopranos has been a sustained phenomenon for me, opening me up to all sorts of slow-burn tv.  i can’t stop rewatching it.  the writers for that show managed to explore so much by following middle-aged minor-mobsters from jersey. the idea of developing such a sprawling and fleshed-out staged project like that is really fascinating.though i really love the concrete nature of the sopranos, i also really love david lynch’s movies. reconciling how and why i can be so captured by something that disorients me and leaves me lost for words like twin peaks, while also thoroughly appreciating the relative soberness of something like succession, is always a big question for me.”what has been your favorite part of this internship?“working at access this summer has been my first real exposure to creative business. there are so many moving parts to the ambitious projects being worked on at access theater. as an intern here i’ve worked on aspects ranging from early pre-production location scouting to late post-production adr line changes. being involved in even little parts of a project, polishing and perfecting in any way i can, has been such a great opportunity for me as someone who has always dreamed of doing creative work. working with jackie and laura has inspired me to devote more time to my own creativity and take a stab at more long term projects. working here has also exposed me to some of the less-exciting but equally-important overhead stuff at the core of professional independent art. the daily work involves researching and applying for grants, reading legal documents and contracts to ensure your production space is up to standards, etc. i’ve learned that there’s never a dull moment in the whirlwind of getting something made and put out into the world, and almost every day at access meant a new and unique task to further the cause.”










justin in the access theater gallery. 










 





















11/30 at 7:00pmthis event is free, virtual, and open to all!! link below to sign up, and share with your friends!tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/211176182647






 











tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/access-theater-salon-soiree-tickets-143297427463 join access theater for our virtual salon soirée, an evening of 14 new works from brilliant playwrights and performers! proceeds will be going to the arts leader of color emergency fund and the access theater creative capital fundfeaturing works by playwrights:amy staats • christine renée miller • dominique wilson • eli sands • jack roche • jan jalenak • jatin dasgupta • jon iwry • josé rivera • lindsay carpenter • patrick breen • rachel sobeldaughter • rabiah rowther • reggie lochard • sara rennertproducer: maia nelles-sagerstage manager: cordelia senieasst. producer: ralph mcavoyat artistic director: laura leeclosed captioning provided by zoom will be available. please email info@accesstheater.com with any accessibility questions.suggested donations for tickets are $10. tickets can be accessed on this event's eventbrite site page after registering, and we will also email all audience members a zoom link before the event.








welcome laura lee!!!













 i have long been in awe of access theater’s rich history, and i feel so honored to be a part of such a wonderful family of theater artists, creators, doers, shakers, movers, and makers! we have always been an organization that has supported the voices of emerging talent, independent spirits, those questioning societal dogma, and thinkers exploring the world around us. my mission is to elevate the work of those historically underrepresented in theater spaces, as well as celebrate the necessity and joy of creating together. it’s more important than ever to make art and to create collectively, especially when we are isolated from one another. i’m so excited to get to work and continue to be amazed by the wonderful work that you, our community, shares with us.   some initiatives we are currently developing:we are exploring how we can grow our leadership, programming, and community to reflect our diverse city and to amplify the voices of those who are systemically quieted. we have received a grant for professional inclusivity training, and we are very excited to listen, learn and infuse our programming with new ideas.we are creating a mentorship program to link theater and entertainment professionals with middle and high school students to help them explore storytelling, writing, and the power of their own voices. we will have more information about this program for those in our community who are interested in being involved. we will be hosting free monthly masterclasses for the public. interested in scene design, stage fighting, directing, or acting? we will explore all elements of theater-making with visionary guests and in an open, online forum.chinatown has been greatly affected by covid, and some fear that the neighborhood won’t survive this dark era. we are exploring ways to collaborate with the chinatown community and what art-making and performance can mean in a time of crisis.we are exploring multimedia productions in the coming months and experimenting with how we can use technology to connect and create.the space is lonely and misses you! we have overcome the struggles of 9/11, recessions, floods, and tribeca real estate vultures. we will get through this pandemic! please be on the lookout for our emails announcing readings, performances, and other programming!coming to a screen near you!-laura leeartistic director, access theater



please join me in welcoming our new artistic director, laura lee. laura brings a lifelong dedication to the arts, terrific programming ideas, and a strong, supportive leadership style. a jamaican american woman with a powerful vision, laura is centering on inclusivity as she leads access theater into our next chapter. laura is a “promotion from within.” she has worked closely for the past three years with access theater leadership developing and producing new work, founding a writers group, interviewing prospective staff and overseeing the williams college internship program. outside access theater, laura is a writer, director and producer based in brooklyn. she has produced the short film whalebone, and co-produced the feature film magic hour.  she excels at collaborating while fostering a warm, productive, and safe space that is inclusive and welcoming. access theater is thrilled to have her on board! -jacqueline christyfounding executive director, access theater



dear friends,we hope this message finds you healthy, inspired and in good spirits. we deeply miss gathering together and sharing live experiences in our theater. we look forward to the day we can all return and continue to tell stories and develop new artistic projects together.during this time, we are committed to doing everything in our power to keep our community of artists connected and creative. our writers group is now meeting weekly and we are workshopping more new scripts than ever before. we have created new online programming including a new mentorship program and a new play development initiative. we hope that you will join us virtually for these exciting projects!due to governor cuomo's mandated shutdown of non-essential businesses, access has had to close its doors temporarily and postpone 21 productions. we rely heavily on box office and theater rental income, and as a result of the pandemic, that revenue stream has completely stalled, but in order to survive the coming months we must still meet our substantial financial obligations.please consider helping access theater at this crucial juncture to ensure that we will still be here when the pandemic is over. we hope that you will support access theater with a gift today, if you can.  




    support access
  



access theater has been a home to independent theater companies and individual artists since 1992. we have supported bold, diverse, original new works and reimagined classics for 28 years. join us in supporting the coming innovations in theater for our next 28 years!thank you from the bottom of our hearts!jacqueline christy, founder and executive director













thank you to our generous donors!david allen, ameyo attila, jake beckhard, lilla brody, cricket brown, james canfield, emily cordes, mckenna dubose, jody falco & jeffrey steinman, jan jalenak, danielle king, toby miller, claudia marino, jean marie mckee, graham miller, isabella moore, melissa moschitto, allison towbes, and bob walter








follow us!









































































intern spotlight



intern spotlight



quote



new page



salon soirée announcement



now



follow us








































access theater
380 broadway, 4th floor,
new york, ny 10013,
usa
(212) 966-1047
info@accesstheater.com


hours
mon 9am - 11pm
tue 9am - 11pm
wed 9am - 11pm
thu 9am - 11pm
fri 9am - 11pm
sat 9am - 11pm
sun 9am - 11pm








access even more great theater by signing up for our newsletter!





first name



last name




email address






sign up





thank you!





212.966.1047 | access theater | 380 broadway, new york, ny 10013 | info@accesstheater.com









