welcome to middle-earthme@middleearth.com© 2024 middle-earth enterprises, llc. all rights reservedhomehistoryfilmsstage playsconsumer productsvideo gameslocation based experienceslicensingwelcome to middle-earthmiddle-earth enterprises is the exclusive steward of the worldwide rights to motion picture, merchandising, stage and other rights in certain literary works of j.r.r. tolkien including the lord of the rings and the hobbit. we have produced and licensed films, stage productions and merchandise based on these tolkien works for more than four decades. inspired by a deep appreciation for the fictional world created by j.r.r. tolkien, middle-earth enterprises is dedicated to working with businesses providing quality products in accordance with best green business and sustainability practices, including fair trade, equality in the workplace, and a commitment to protect our earth, its wondrous beauty and the viability of every living creature."if you really want to know what middle-earth is based on it's my wonder and delight in the earth as it is particularly the natural earth."—j.r.r. tolkienhistorythe embracer group’s middle-earth enterprises, llc, owns exclusive worldwide rights to motion picture, merchandising, stage and other rights in the hobbit book and the lord of the rings trilogy of books.  in 1969, united artists acquired the rights to the lord of the rings and the hobbit books from their author, professor j.r.r. tolkien. in 1976, the saul zaentz company (szc) acquired the rights from united artists, and the embracer group acquired middle-earth enterprises from szc, in october 2022.filmsfilmsa richly detailed world, compelling characters, epic quests, and timeless themes of friendship, bravery, and the struggle between good and evil, provides filmmakers with a wealth of material to bring to life on the big screen.view filmsstage playsstage playsmiddle-earth presents an incredible opportunity for theatrical producers and creative teams to bring one of the most beloved literary worlds to life on the stage. licensing these stories opens the door to a world of exploration, allowing theaters to engage audiences in new and exciting ways while honoring the timeless legacy of the masterful works of j.r.r. tolkien.view stage playsconsumer productsconsumer productsconsumer products based on the literary rights offer a remarkable opportunity to craft a unique vision of middle-earth. with boundless creativity and attention to detail, these offerings allow fans to immerse themselves in the magic of middle-earth, forging connections to their favorite characters and moments, while showcasing the enduring legacy of these beloved tales.view consumer productsvideo gamesvideo gamesduring the past 50 years, the rich worlds of the lord of the rings and the hobbit have inspired numerous video game adaptations, ranging from text-based adventures in the early days of gaming to immersive, open-world experiences in recent years, captivating players with storytelling and iconic characters.view video gameslocation based experienceslocation based experiencesmiddle-earth offers an unparalleled canvas for crafting unforgettable experiences - the potential for bringing tolkien's richly imagined universe to life in real-world settings is boundless. with careful attention to detail and a commitment to authenticity, these events will offer fans the opportunity to immerse themselves, forging memories to last a lifetime.view tourism lbelicensinglicensingmiddle-earth enterprises owns exclusive worldwide rights to motion picture, merchandising, stage, and other rights in certain literary works of j.r.r. tolkien including the lord of the rings and the hobbit. we are dedicated to working with businesses providing quality products in accordance with best green business and sustainability practices, including fair trade, equality in the workplace, and a commitment to protect our earth, its wondrous beauty and the viability of every living creature.view licensingmiddle-earth, created by j.r.r. tolkien, is the definitive, deepest, richest and most beloved fantasy world of our time. as its stewards and custodians, our goal is to consistently deliver a wealth of great content, in both new, and known formats; to ensure middle-earth’s rightful place as the world’s leading fantasy ip and brand, forever.me@middleearth.comto the surfacehomehistoryfilmsstage playsconsumer productsvideo gameslbelicensing© 2024 middle-earth enterprises, llc. all rights reservedto the surface