





sor mag – a little book corner for women


















































skip to content


















home

about me
contact me
blog advertisement
why this blog?


feminism
happiness
sexuality
inspiration
politics
society
abuse
work
 









 











i hope to inspire women folk towards entering into the world of literature with their heart and soul and bring about the revolution that changes gender norms and patriarchal perspectives. 


































my latest posts 



 





must-read books written by women for the women’s history month



 
2022-04-28 




“too often the women were unsung and sometimes their contributions were unnoticed. but the achievements, leadership, courage, strength, and love… 







the unpredictable “bad feminist” by roxane gay



 
2019-04-23 




 roxane gay is an american writer, editor, cultural… 







“why be happy when you can be normal?” by jeanette winterson



 
2019-03-23 




 jeanette winterson is one of uk’s most challenging and beloved authors… 







budding feminists should read “men explain things to me” by rebecca solnit



 
2019-02-23 




"men explain things to me" is a novel written by rebecca solnit in the year 2014 containing seven essays. it… 







maggie nelson’s “the argonauts” unclassified genre



 
2019-01-23 




 maggie nelson is considered one of the most electrifying writers of america today. ‘the… 







“all the lives i want” by alana massey shows how culture can define you?



 
2018-12-23 




how many times has it happened that you think something but do not say it? that happens to me almost… 







study hollywood’s female trailblazers through “backwards and in heels” by alicia malone



 
2018-11-23 




 alicia malone is a film reporter, movie geek, writer, and host from australia. she… 







don’t be afraid to be “too fat, too slutty, too loud” by anne helen petersen



 
2018-10-23 




from the buzzfeed writer and qualified celebrity gossip expert, anne helen peterson comes the ‘too path-breaking’ novel ‘too fat, too… 






























what i believe 



 



i believe that the only way women can get inspired and be the change is when they read about other women who are going through the same experiences as them. 






about me











why this blog 



 



women have to constantly prove themselves in this world. only when we read books written by women do we see our reality and get inspired to change this perception. 






find out more



























books i recently read
 

















				jeanette’s famous book
				




				“backwards and in heels” by alica malone
				




				the argonauts by maggie nelson
				




				the unpredictable “bad feminist” by roxane gay
				




				budding feminists should read “men explain things to me” by rebecca solnit
				




				“all the lives i want” by alana massey shows how culture can define you?
				














series and website that i follow! 











girl cum – finally – female orgasms recorded!girlcum – these things don’t happen often. the web is filled with porn for men, but where is the place for women’s need? here it is! this series is proving that women can climax too. and they are better than men by doing it multiple times! 





 





mom lover – networkmom lover – there is something you need to know about today’s moms. they are full of secrets and desires they share only with their stepboys. watch them in action in this new network that just launched! 







lil humpers – young vs old sexsomething that really is going to make you wonder. lil humpers is the newest series prepared for us by reality kings, old and established brand with world’s most popular xxx content. this time it’s young guys taking advantage (not really) of their milf partners. 





 





dick ridesdick rides – all about paying for supposedly free ride. there is nothing free in this world and you certainly have to pay with your body when some of those hot guys give you a lift. watch the newest say uncle exclusive for free on its official tube site – taxigays.com 







joi mom – jerking off instructions by momsif you want to get some real-life knowledge while having fun you need to see series like joi mom – where smoking hot milfs are teaching spectators how to properly please men. their experience in the subject is second to none and you should take a look! 





 





czech hunterczech hunter – the most absurd pick up lines used to lure straight, but totally broke guys to do some dirty stuff. watch them challenge their own sexuality when they see some cold hard cash in our pockets!  







scout boys – scoutboys.orgscout boys – if you wanted to see what boys adventures are all about then you need to see this one. it’s all about boys becoming men at camps, being scouts surrounded only by other curious men. enter scoutboys.org for footage. 





 





blowpass – blowjob networkblowpass – look no further for the ultimate blowjob experience. this one membership get it all network gives you access to the hottest mouth action out there!  







disruptive filmsdisruptive films – it’s not your usual adults-only entertainment when you see what kind of taboo situations are happening in this one. socially unacceptable. yet so appealing to the gay consumer. explore this world on gaydisruption.com now. 





 





transcest – hottest ftm contenttranscest – when it comes to step family fun and ftm content you won’t find any other place like this. watch the hottest models in the kinkiest scenarios ever!  


















        copyright 2018. sormag. all rights reserved.    





























