

center for environmental education and training : slu - saint louis university


























 











skip to main content




back to main
college for public health and social justice



saint louis university
_
college for public health and
social justice

toggle menu

about
admission
programs
centers
faculty & staff
research



back to main
resources for you


parents and families
alumni
donors
current students
faculty and staff
slu-madrid





request info
visit
apply
give



toggle search
search

search




popular searches


slu people finder


academic programs


slu libraries


myslu login


slu bookstore


academic calendar










college for public health and social justice

request info
visit
apply
give


toggle search
search

search




popular searches


slu people finder


academic programs


slu libraries


myslu login


slu bookstore


academic calendar



toggle menu
college for public health and social justice









about
admission
programs
centers
faculty & staff
research
toggle menu

home » college for public health and social justice  » centers and institutes  » center for environmental education and training






explore this sectionexplore this section
academic health departmentcenter for environmental education and trainingcenter of excellence in maternal and child health education, science and practicegeospatial health data analytics coreheartland centeroffice of public health practiceplanning council support office



events
"building resilience: mental health series for the trades"
"building resilience: a series for mental health in the trades" is designed to equip you with the tools and knowledge to make a real difference.
                        as a leader, you have a unique opportunity to support your workforce through the growing
                        mental health challenges facing the trades today. 
this series offers expert-led sessions that provide practical strategies for recognizing
                        warning signs, implementing mental health first aid, and even fostering a recovery-friendly
                        workplace. 
open to anyone to attend, but particularly tailored for executive leaders, workplace
                        supervisors, and hr managers. 
7 a.m. - 10 a.m. on nov. 15, dec. 13, jan. 17, feb. 21., march 21
register or donate 

contact us
wool centersecond floor3545 lindell blvd.st. louis, mo 63104
rene dulledirector314-977-4033  rene.dulle@slu.edu
dephanie mcgill-brandonmanager314-977-8256dephanie.mcgillbrandon@slu.edu




center for environmental education and training
the saint louis university center for environmental education and training (ceet)
                  mission is to provide high-quality occupational environmental, health and safety training
                  that empowers workers to stay safe on the job and positively impact their communities.
authorized by the occupational safety and health administration (osha) as a region
                  vii osha training institute education center, we believe everyone deserves a safe
                  and healthy workplace and that workplace safety and social justice are interconnected.
                  the slu center is committed to delivering training that meets regulatory requirements
                  and strives to create a safety and social responsibility culture by equipping workers
                  with the knowledge, skills and tools to identify and prevent workplace hazards, clean
                  up environmental hazards, protect their rights, and advocate for change.

about us
all courses are appropriately authorized or accredited by state and federal entities
                           so you can be certain you receive quality training that meets compliance criteria.
                           slu instructors are environmental health and safety professionals with qualifications
                           and certificates suitable for their assignments. they have a wide range of backgrounds,
                           including business, industry, health care, armed forces, regulatory agencies, research,
                           and academics. they bring a wealth of experience to these courses to help you achieve
                           your goals. continuing education credits (ceus) are available.
various entities approve courses to ensure quality training:

designated by the u.s. department of labor as an osha training institute education
                              center in 2002, saint louis university’s center for environmental education and training
                              has nationally recognized programs.
missouri department of health and senior services and the illinois department of public
                              health. the only st. louis regional provider for occupational lead training accredited
                              by both states.
u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) accreditation for lead renovation, repair
                              and painting (rrp) courses.
hazardous waste operations and emergency response (hazwoper) training programs recognized
                              by the national institute of environmental health sciences (niehs) through the partnership
                              for environmental training and education (pete).
missouri department of elementary and secondary education approved ceet vocational
                              rehabilitation and workforce development training programs.
partnership with st. louis community college, funded by epa, to deliver environmental
                              remediation job training programs and hazmat technician training programs.




available training
register online
slu's center for environmental education and training (ceet) offers numerous occupational
                  environmental, health and safety courses, ranging from lead abatement and hazardous
                  waste operations and emergency response (hazwoper) training to osha regulations and
                  standards.
seeking alternative dates for osha courses? see pdf catalog below for courses offered
                  throughout iowa, kansas, missouri and nebraska, (dol kansas city region, formerly
                  region vii):

2025 great plains osha ed center course catalog

for lead abatement worker, lead abatement supervisor, lead inspector, lead risk assessor
                  and lead renovation, repair and painting (rrp) course schedules, see below:

2025 lead occupation training

to receive updates about the upcoming epa brownfields job training programs, please
                  contact us at rene.dulle@slu.edu.

customized training
occupational, safety and health training sessions can be scheduled and designed to
                           meet your specific needs, including a location of your choice. for more information,
                           contact dephanie mcgill-brandon, program manager, at 314-977-8256 or dephanie.mcgillbrandon@slu.edu.


how to become an authorized osha trainer
the osha outreach trainer authorization program authorizes those who complete the
                           training program to teach 10-hour and 30-hour hazard awareness courses for general
                           industry or construction.
you must meet the prerequisites for experience and training. osha does not issue waivers
                           for either the experience or training prerequisites. the prerequisites are as follows:

training. complete 'osha 510 occupational safety and health standards for the construction
                              industry' or complete 'osha 511 occupational safety and health standards for general
                              industry.' this course covers osha policies, procedures, standards, construction safety,
                              and health principles. ideal training for any safety professional.
experience. have five years of construction safety or general industry safety experience.
                              a college degree in occupational safety and health, a certified safety professional
                              (csp), or certified industrial hygienist (cih) designation may be substituted for
                              two years of experience.
download and submit the 500/501 prerequisite verification form (pdf) for approval.
download and submit the 502/503 prerequisite verification form (pdf) for approval.
once approved, you must complete 'osha 500 trainer course in osha standards for construction'
                              or complete 'osha 501, trainer course in osha standards for general industry.' special
                              emphasis is placed on those topics that are required in the 10- and 30-hour programs
                              and those that are the most hazardous. course participants are briefed on effective
                              instructional approaches and the effective use of visual aids and handouts. persons
                              completing this course will receive an "authorized construction or general industry
                              trainer card."

outreach trainers are authorized for four years. before the expiration of their authorization
                           status, authorized trainers must take 'osha  502 update for construction industry'
                           or 'osha 503 update for general industry outreach trainers' course to renew their
                           authorization for another four years. if your trainer card expires, you will need
                           to retake the ohsa 500 or 501 course to become reauthorized as a trainer. register for all 500-level courses here.



professional certification programs
advance your career in safety and health by earning a professional certification offered
                  by the great plains osha training institute education center. an industry-recognized
                  credential demonstrates your commitment to continuing professional development in
                  a growing and changing field.
the certification programs are self-paced and can be started and completed anytime.
                  although there is no time limit for completing the courses, completing the required
                  coursework within seven years is recommended. transfer up to one required course from
                  any osha training institute education center outside of osha region vii (great plains
                  osha education center).

specialist in safety and health (ssh)
the ssh professional certification program provides the foundational knowledge needed
                           in safety and health. the program addresses workplace hazards and provides an understanding
                           of osha regulatory standards with an emphasis on your industry of choice.
select from general industry, construction industry, or health care industry certification
                           tracks. the ssh certification program requires four osha courses. no experience in
                           safety and health is required to complete.
course requirements include the osha 510 or osha 511 standards course and three other
                           courses from the list of available electives. the ssh can be applied toward more advanced
                           certifications: certified health and safety official (csho) and safety health and
                           environmental professional (shep).
download applications below:

specialist in safety and health (ssh) certification – construction industry (pdf)
specialist in safety and health (ssh) certification – general industry (pdf)
specialist in safety and health (ssh) certification – health care industry (pdf)



certified safety and health official (csho)
the csho professional certification program builds on the foundational knowledge of
                           the ssh certification program in the field of safety and health in the construction
                           industry or general industry. the csho certification program focuses on safety and
                           health regulations and interpretations, training requirements, employee safety and
                           involvement, workers’ rights and responsibilities, employer accountability, and program
                           development and implementation. this program requires six osha courses and two electives.
                           courses can be applied toward advanced-level certifications (shep). application requirements
                           are subject to change without notice. an applicant's specific requirements are those
                           that are in effect when the application for professional certification is approved.
download applications below:

certified safety and health official (csho) certification – construction industry
                                 (pdf)
certified safety and health official (csho) certification – general industry (pdf)



safety, health and environmental professional (shep)
the shep professional certification program takes your learning to the next level
                           by expanding upon the health and safety knowledge gained through the csho program.
                           the shep program focuses on environmental compliance, hazardous materials and risk
                           management. these are areas that most health and safety professionals will oversee
                           at some point in their careers. this program requires completing the csho certification
                           program plus three osha courses. application requirements are subject to change without
                           notice. an applicant's specific requirements are those that are in effect when the
                           application for professional certification is approved.

application for safety, health and environmental professional (shep) certification
                                 (pdf)



osha essentials professional development certificate 
this program provides a well-rounded introduction in osha standards and safety practices,
                           making this series a great fit for professionals across industries who want to strengthen
                           their knowledge of safety management and compliance. 
who should take this program: ideal for managers, supervisors, and safety professionals
                           responsible for implementing or improving workplace safety and health programs.
osha 7500: introduction to safety and health management  (virtual) 

description: this course provides an overview of effective safety and health management
                              systems, focusing on ways to identify, prevent and control workplace hazards. participants
                              will learn about core program elements, such as management commitment, employee involvement,
                              worksite analysis, and hazard prevention and control.

osha 7510: introduction to osha for small businesses (optional) 

description: specifically designed for small business owners and managers, this course
                              introduces osha’s requirements and guidelines tailored to smaller organizations. topics
                              include recognizing hazards, managing risks, and understanding small business-specific
                              regulations to foster a safer workplace.  ideal for entrepreneurs and small organizations
                              looking to better understand osha regulations and compliance needs.

osha 7515: job hazard analysis (virtual)

description: this course introduces participants to the process of job hazard analysis
                              (jha), which helps identify potential hazards associated with specific job tasks and
                              develop control measures to reduce risk. attendees will learn how to break down tasks,
                              identify hazards, and implement safety improvements. relevant for anyone responsible
                              for evaluating and minimizing risks within specific job functions.

osha 7505: introduction to incident (accident) investigation (virtual)

description: this course covers the basics of conducting effective incident investigations
                              to prevent future occurrences. participants will learn investigative techniques, root
                              cause analysis, and the importance of documenting incidents. practical exercises help
                              attendees understand how to apply these skills in real-world scenarios. relevant for
                              anyone who is involved in incident investigations or who wants to strengthen workplace
                              safety practices.

osha 7845: recordkeeping rule seminar (virtual)

description: this seminar provides guidance on osha’s recordkeeping requirements for
                              reporting and recording workplace injuries and illnesses. attendees will learn which
                              incidents must be documented and reported, as well as how to complete osha forms.
                              relevant for anyone who is responsible for maintaining and submitting osha-required
                              records, or anyone involved in workplace injury and illness reporting.



safety and health fundamentals (shf)
osha's safety and health fundamentals certificate program supports osha's mission
                           by training public and private sector employees in occupational safety and health
                           to reduce incident rates for workers. participants can earn certificates for construction,
                           maritime and general industry training, choosing from topics such as occupational
                           safety and health standards, safety and health management, incident investigation,
                           fall hazard awareness, and recordkeeping.
all courses required to complete the certificate program are available through great
                           plains osha education center or other oti education centers. to earn a certificate,
                           students must complete a minimum of 68 (construction and general industry) or 77 (maritime)
                           contact hours.
after great plains osha education center confirms you meet the requirements, osha
                           directly awards the safety and health fundamentals (shf) program certificate. no plaque
                           is awarded for osha’s shf certificate program.

safety and health fundamentals certificate program for construction requirements
safety and health fundamentals certificate program for general industry requirements
safety and health fundamentals certificate program for maritime requirements




more information

refund, attendance and class cancellation policy
refund policy
a full refund will be given if a student withdraws from a course five full days before
                           the first day of the class meeting. no refunds will be given for withdrawals four
                           business days before the first class meeting or after the class has begun.  requests
                           for withdrawals must be submitted in writing to the center for environmental education
                           and training (ceet) program office by email at sluceet@slu.edu. refunds will be based on the date the request is received via email.
attendance policy
students are required to attend all class sessions to receive a certificate of completion.
                           if an absence cannot be avoided, students should notify a minimum of 24 hours in advance
                           of absence via email to sluceet@slu.edu or call 314-977-8256 and inform ceet program office staff.
class cancellation policy
any changes in course dates, times, or locations will be emailed to students using
                           the email address provided during enrollment. the university reserves the right to
                           cancel with 3-5 days’ notice if sufficient enrollment is not achieved. full refunds
                           will be issued for classes canceled by the university.  classes rescheduled due to
                           unforeseen circumstances, such as inclement weather, will not be refunded. please
                           email sluceet@slu.edu or call 314-977-8256 with any questions.












  
next steps to sluready to take the next step? request more information, schedule a visit or apply for admission.

request info
visit campus
apply






saint louis university














higher purpose. greater good.

quick links

myslu
campus map
work at slu
a-z directory
emergency info
disclaimer



resources for you

parents and families
alumni
donors
current students
faculty and staff
slu-madrid


request information
st. louis, missouri, and 
            						 madrid, spain




         					copyright © 1818-2025 saint louis university
facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
snapchat








youtube
tiktok
















©

