




























american board of perianesthesia nursing certification - abpanc - cpan and capa certifications











































































facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
twitter
 



certify/recertify
shop
credential search
my learningbuilder account
 












home
about

history
accreditation
leadership
the public’s perspective
contact us


become certified

about exams
cpan® or capa®?
schedules and fees
test assured
scholarship program
eligibility
my certification story
faq
certification handbook
international cpan


exam prep

practice exams
study references
question of the week
connect with a coach
flashcards


recertify

schedule & fees
eligibility
retirement program
scholarship program
faq
using learning builder
application & forms
recertification handbook
recertification alternatives


nurse leaders

voucher program
recognize your certified nurses
perianesthesia nurse awareness week
certified nurses day
kudos and commendations
medical mission grant
nursing education grant


get involved

news & events
awards
volunteer with abpanc


 







					register january 1 – april 30 to take the cpan and/or capa exams march 15 – may 15    





					next recertification window: january 1 – april 30, 2025  





					excellence. knowledge. patient advocacy.				





					apply for an abpanc scholarship   













which exam is right for you?
find your path to certification here. it will help you determine whether cpan or capa certification is the right one for you.


start here









step 1


gather information


read the certification candidate handbook thoroughly. review eligibility requirements. choose a registration window, noting dates and deadlines.




step 2


study


take advantage of abpanc’s study resources, many of which are free. try the practice tests and question of the week. review current resources. connect with a coach.




step 3


test registration


locate your testing site ahead of time. create an account on learning builder and register for the appropriate test online. sign up for test assured! obtain a receipt and authorization. pass with flying colors!




step 4


congratulations


move forward in your career with certification proving your current knowledge and skills are up to date. track your ces on learning builder. come back to recertify when needed.










cpan® and capa® certification
the american board of perianesthesia nursing certification, inc. (abpanc) is responsible for developing, sponsoring and managing the certified post anesthesia nurse (cpan®) and the certified ambulatory perianesthesia nurse (capa®) nursing certification programs. these national professional certification programs are designed for registered nurses caring for patients who have experienced sedation, analgesia and anesthesia in a hospital or ambulatory care facility.
view video certification recertification resources








 
the benefits of cpan® and capa® certification
join an elite group of board-certified perianesthesia nursing colleagues
become cpan or capa certified to:

improve patient care and safety
enhance employer confidence
validate professional experience
commit to lifelong learning
strengthen credibility
increase earning potential












					news & events
				







																the importance of volunteering as a nurse: personal, professional, and organizational growth							









																abpanc honors cpan & capa certified nurses at 2024 celebration luncheon							









					question of the week
				



in the care of a conscious patient who has been admitted to the pacu following a thyroidectomy, the most appropriate position is:


						reverse trendelenburg.						

						side lying with head hyperextended.						

						prone with knees bent.						

						semi-fowler's position.						

view the answer













contact us 1133 broadway, suite 715 new york, ny 10010
abpanc@cpancapa.org
1-347-708-7975

connect with us facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
twitter


 






our mission elevating perianesthesia nursing excellence, knowledge, and patient advocacy through certification.

our vision recognizing and respecting the unequaled excellence in the mark of the cpan and capa credential, perianesthesia nurses will seek it, managers will require it, employers will support it and the public will demand it.






 
visit aspan, for perianesthesia membership information.

 
abpanc is an official partner of the or manager conference.

 the examination and items contained therein are protected by federal copyright law. no part of the examination may be copied or reproduced in part or whole by any means whatsoever, including memorization.











						© 2025 american board of perianesthesia certification, inc. | privacy




website created by pmcjax




















