





blinded veterans association
















































































donate


















skip to content





 

blinded veterans association







home
membership
calendar
regional groups
programs

vettech & educational
ambassador
team bva
scholarship
awards
care review


services

va benefits help
advocacy


media
donate
store
convention
about

leadership
mission
history
financials
privacy
bylaws
sitemap
employment


auxiliary
 









search for:


search




















upcoming website updates 



the bva.org website will be experiencing updates in how we present information to you. some sections of the website may experience breaking changes / faults throughout these updates. we apologize for any inconveniences you may face throughout this time. we hope you will continue to support us and work with us while we do our best to serve you better. 






website requests















employment scam alert 



if you received an offer of employment for a “remote transcriptionist” position with our association, please be advised, it is a scam. we have reported this matter to all relevant authorities, and encourage you to avoid any communications with these fraudsters. 











the importance of giving 








 











donate















skiing blind 








 








check out our latest “skiing blind” video! 











blinded veterans association expands criteria for organization membership 



any person having honorably served, or currently serving in the armed forces of the united states, qualifying for department of veterans affairs blind rehabilitation service is now eligible for membership in bva… 






read more































testimonials  














"freedom is not free, it is fought for."a pow’s veterans day story of perseverance.read moreovercoming adversityinstead of giving in and giving up, jeanie sought out something...read more“failure is not being knocked down. failure is staying down.”matthew had an insight that got him started...read morea veterans day tributeenrique's shock of knowing he was losing his sight was painful...read morea hero of the greatest generationit didn't take long for bob to start over...read morehelping others to achievebrian felt lost, alone, and didn’t know what to do next…read moreone vision, one team, one fightlonnie's strength and joy come from those who haven’t yet experienced...read morea shining light of inspirationpaul continually guides his colleagues out of the darkness and into the light...read morerising to the challengeken epitomizes bva’s mission...

read moregaining new visionsteve found purpose and fulfillment in life again...read moreliving the army valueseric inspires his fellow blinded veterans...read morenever leaving anyone behindmonaca champions women veterans initiatives via her...read more 

 

 































recent posts 
















				valentine’s day marks conclusion to 2025 national salute to veteran patients week			



			february 14, 2025		


approximately 100,000 veterans visit one of 171 va medical centers every single day, va statistics reveal. national salute to veteran patients week, held this past week (february 9-15) in 2025, is one of the means by which va honors and pays tribute to the brave military veterans who receive medical care at va medical facilities. the designation is usually the week on which valentine’s day falls. formerly known as help hospitalized veterans week, national salute


			read more »		






				another birthday for the coast guard reserve!			



			february 14, 2025		


the u.s. coast guard reserve will observe its 84th birthday this wednesday, february 19. while a handful of other important events and early beginnings led up to the official founding, february 19 remains the date to celebrate. on june 23, 1939, congress gave the coast guard reserve a legislative mandate to use civilians. this was done to promote safety on the high seas and the nation’s navigable waters. the coast guard reserve personnel were non-military


			read more »		






				how washington’s birthday became president’s day			



			february 14, 2025		


george washington’s birthday was celebrated on february 22 until well into the 20th century. however, in 1968 congress passed the monday holiday law to provide uniform annual observances of certain legal public holidays on mondays. by creating more three-day weekends, congress hoped to “bring substantial benefits to both the spiritual and economic life of the nation.” one such day was president’s day which, technically and officially, remains george washington’s birthday holiday. the u.s. national archives


			read more »		






				valentine’s day memorable for deployed service members and veterans			



			february 14, 2025		


happy valentine’s day! when contemplating the holidays that have special significance for active-duty service members, veterans, their families, and significant others, never count out the magical st. valentine’s day. historically, and even up to 2025, there is no shortage of human interest stories featuring expressions and demonstrations of love both to and from those who have served in the military. for example, an exhibit in the world war ii museum in new orleans reveals that


			read more »		





« previous
next » 




























follow us 





 







connect with us 






facebook
 



instagram
 



linkedin
 



youtube
 



icon-x-icon-white
 






va claims intake form (web)va claims hotline: (844) 250-5180donor hotline: (800) 669-7079media inquiries: (202) 371-8882  







support us 




 





 












 











 



 



 

















 blinded veterans association
bva is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt, non-profit organization
ein: 53-0214281

 

 contact us
blinded veterans association
po box 90770
washington, dc 20090
phone: (800) 669-7079
email: bva@bva.org

 

 site map | privacy policy | financial statements | website requests | bylaws

 







		copyright ©  2025		blinded veterans association
		all rights reserved. theme: flash by themegrill.		powered by wordpress 













homemembershipcalendarregional groupsprograms

vettech & educational ambassador team bva scholarship awards care review
services

va benefits help advocacy
mediadonatestoreconventionabout

leadership mission history financials privacy bylaws sitemap employment
auxiliary
































