





home medicine 













toggle navigation




home medicine.ca



home

household tips


medicine


medicine terms


medicine history


forgotten remedies


categories


sources


















home medicine.ca
find time tested treatments for your medicial ailments. learn how your body works. find hosehold tips for solving common problems. 



aurum muriaticum natronatum 



common name.--chloride of gold and sodium.



preparation.--a mixture composed of equal parts of dry chloride of gold

and chloride of sodium, triturated in the usual way.



     (the following is an extract from a paper by dr. h.

     goullon in the
onosmodium virginianum 



nat. ord., borraginaceae.



common name, false cromwell.



preparation.--the entire plant with root is macerated in twice its

weight of alcohol.



     (this paper was prepared by dr. w. a. vingling for the

     kansas state homoeopathic society, 















 


popular content

 onosmodium virginianum 
 levico 
 cheiranthus cheiri 
 lapis albus 
 primula obconica 
 aspidospermine 
 how to give yourself an enema 
 pseudo-angina 




















household tips


the production of vinegar from honey 




vinegar, or dilute acetic acid, is

produced by a process of fermentation

from certain vegetable substances.

after alcoholic fermentation has taken

place there follows, under suitable

conditions, a further decomposition, by means


1. charcoal to prevent rust 
charcoal absorbs all dampness, for which
reason it should be kept in boxes with silverware to prevent rust.




10. to remove white spots from tables 
wring cloths out of very hot
water, lay them over spot and remove quickly. repeat if necessary. when

dry, rub the furniture with some of the good polish.




100. needle sharpener 
i know a woman who always keeps a small piece of
whetstone in her machine drawer for sharpening needles when they become

blunted. it is a great scheme, and saves a lot of needles, as i have

proved to my own satisfaction.




101. burned kettles 
if you have had the misfortune to burn your kettle
it may be made smooth and clean by filling it with ashes and water,

leaving it for an hour or so, then washing with clear water.








  
view more household tips






medicine


plate iv 



a, gastroscopic view of a gastrojejunostomy opening drawn patulous by

the tube mouth. (gastrojejunostomy done by dr. george l. hays.) b,

carcinoma of the lesser curvature. (patient afterward surgically

explored and diagnosis verified by dr. john j. 
preparation of the patient for peroral endoscopy 



the suggestions of the author in the earlier volumes in regard to

preparation of the patient, as for any operation, by a bath, laxative,

etc., and especially by special cleansing of the mouth with 25 per

cent alcohol, have received general endorseme
3 treatment of torpid forms of scarlatina difference in the 

treatment pointed out.



when the _reaction_ is _torpid_, the pulse small, weak, quick, the skin

dry, the rash slow to appear, and when it appears in small, pale, livid

spots, instead of bright scarlet patches (16-25); the treatment ought to

be calcu
a collection of gallbladders 



gallbladder cases are rather ho-hum to me; they are quick to respond

to hygienic treatment and easy to resolve. i've fixed lots of them.

but an inflamed gallbladder is in no way ho-hum to the person

afflicted with it. i've been frequently told that 
a healthy colon 



from my point of view the most amazing part of this whole experience

was that the chiropractor did not recommend any dietary changes

whatsoever. his patients were achieving great success from colonics

alone. i had thought dietary changes would be ne




  
view more medicine







medicine terms


(pediculus pubis) 
lice on the hair of the pubis or about the genitals.
this is the smallest parasite of the three varieties, and it attaches

itself firmly to the hair with its head buried in the follicular openings,

and it is removed with great difficulty.



physicians'
1. physicians' treatment for bronchitis. sweating remedy for 
take a hot
bath and then go to bed, and take hot drinks after. see that the bowels

are open. nourishment is especially important in infants and old age. you

can sweat them as directed under la grippe. drink hot drinks, such as

hoarhound, ginger, flaxse
1. pneumonia, herb tea and poultice for 
"congestion
of the lungs. one ounce of each of the following, slippery elm bark,

crushed thyme, coltsfoot flowers, hyssop or marshmallow. simmer in two

quarts of water down to three pints; strain and add one teaspoonful of

cayenne. dose:--wineglassful 
2. the epithelial cancer (carcinoma) 
these always spring from free
epithelium-clad surfaces, as the skin, and mucous membranes or from the

glands of the same. these growths appear with great frequency at the

points of junction of mucous membranes and skin surfaces, probably because

these 
a broken jaw 
take a strong piece of muslin, long enough to reach around
the neck and eight inches longer. split this through the center to within

about seven inches of the center of the band. put this unsplit part above,

over and under the chin. tie the upper tails 




  
view more medicine terms







medicine history


basil valentine last of the alchemists first of the chemists 



     fieri enim potest ut operator erret et a via regia deflectat,

     sed ut erret natura quando recte tractatur fieri non potest.



     for it is quite possible that the physician should err and be

     turned aside from the straight (royal) roa
abulcasis 



the most important of the arabian surgeons of the middle ages is

albucasis or abulcasis, also abulkasim, who was born near cordova, in

spain. the exact year of his birth is not known, but he flourished in

the second half of the tenth century. he is 
aetius 



the first great christian physician whose works meant much for his own

time, and whose writings have become a classic in medicine, was aetius

amidenus, that is, aetius of amida, who was born in the town of that

name in mesopotamia, on the upper tigr
alexander of tralles 



an even more striking example than the life and work of aetius as

evidence for the encouragement and patronage of medicine in early

christian times, is to be found in the career of alexander of tralles,

whose writings have been the subject of most c
ali abbas 



rhazes lived well on into the tenth century. his successor in prestige,

though not his serious rival, was ali ben el-abbas, usually spoken of in

medical literature as ali abbas, a distinguished arabian physician who

died near the end of the tenth ce




  
view more medicine history







forgotten remedies


acalypha indica 



nat. ord., euphorbiaceae.



common name, indian acalypha, indian nettle.



preparation.--the fresh plant is macerated with two parts by weight of

alcohol.



     (dr. tonnere, of calcutta, india, seems to have been the

     first to call attention
acidum lacticum 



common name, lactic acid.



origin.--lactic acid is obtained from sour milk, resulting from the

fermentation of the sugar of milk under the influence of casein.



preparation for homoeopathic use.--one part by weight of pure lactic

acid is dissolve
aethiops antimonialis 



     (this remedy is prepared by triturating together equal

     parts of aethiops mineralis and antimonium crudum; we

     may add that the first named consists of a trituration of

     equal parts of mercurius viv. and washed flowers of

     sulp
agave americana 



nat. ord., amaryllidaceae.



common names, american aloe, maguey, century plant.



preparation.--the fresh leaves are pounded to a pulp and macerated with

two parts by weight of alcohol.



     (we find the following concerning this little known

 
ambrosia artemisifolia 



nat. ord., compositae.



common names, rag weed, hog weed.



preparation.--the fresh leaves and flowers are pounded to a pulp and

macerated with two parts by weight of alcohol.



     (the following concerning this little used remedy was

     cont




  
view more forgotten remedies






categories


why we have a stomach
vitamins and other food supplements
unsuccessful bronchoscopy for foreign bodies
uncategorized
treatment of scarlet-fever.
treatment of other fevers
tracheotomy
the teeth, the ivory keepers of the gate
the stiffening rods of the body-machine
the speech organs
the skin
the plumbing and sewering of the body
the nature and cause of disease



view more categories









sources


a handbook of health
a manual of peroral endoscopy and laryngeal surgery
a newly discovered system of electrical medication
an epitome of homeopathic healing art
application of the lunar
caustic in the cure of certain wounds and ulcers
as a matter of course
disturbances of the heart
how and when to be your own doctor
hydriatic treatment of scarlet fever in its different forms
nerves and common sense
papers on health
power through repose
primitive psycho-therapy and quackery
surgical anatomy
the freedom of life




view more sources











 informational.ca - privacy









;
