










dude ranch vacations - guest ranch at white stallion ranch, tucson, az

























































 
 







 


skip to main content



menu











 1-520-297-0252
book online
 info@whitestallion.com
gift shop


twitterfacebookinstagramtripadvisor
 










lodging & rates
specials
activities
amenities
dining
riding
families
groups
galleries
the ranch
home
shop0



















getaway today package


travel package available through january 1, 2025
includes lodging and breakfast each morning of your stay;
plus one ranch activity per person per night booked.
activities include:
horseback riding | shooting | archery | e-biking
lunch, dinner and additional activities available for purchase
note: this package can only be booked on this website or by phone.
rates starting at $259 per night*
*based on double occupancy. subject to tax and service charge. rates vary depending on selected dates and room type. some dates are excluded or subject to a minimum night stay.
**qualifying activities must be between 1-1.5 hours in length and include horseback riding, e-biking, .22 caliber shooting, black powder shooting and archery. daily activity schedule varies.
***the getaway today package cannot qualify for the outdoor adventure package. the outdoor adventure package is only available for qualifying stays booked on our full american plan rates.























an award-winning arizona guest ranch 


at white stallion ranch, the personal touch and hospitality of a traditional dude ranch is carefully blended with the service and amenities of a fine resort. the true family welcomes you to the ranch that has been their home for over 55 years.
reconnect with nature, family, friends, and serenity. ride through the unspoiled desert, rugged mountains and cactus that have brought hollywood filmmakers to the ranch for over 70 years. recognized nationally for excellence in service and value.
tripadvisor travelers choice award  2018, 2019, 2020, 2021
the 12 best all-inclusive resorts in the united states for 2019
usa today 10best summer vacations in the u.s. for families this year – 2021
ranked #1 on tripadvisor of 133 hotels in tucson for 9 consecutive years
these 10 us travel destinations are going to be huge in 2017 ~ instyle lifestyle
16 best all-inclusive resorts in the u.s. ~ msn lifestyle 12/2016
ranked 19th of the top 25 properties in the usa for exceptional customer service by tripadvisor in 2014 and 2017


















who we are & who we are not


who we are: a traditional, historic, upscale family owned and operated dude ranch
who we are not: a resort or a corporate hotel
what our service is: honest, sincere, personal, guest centered & friendly
what our service is not: scripted, practiced or robotic
what our experience is: real, diverse, natural, self-directed, comfortable
what our experience is not: luxury, virtual, contrived, artificial, managed or controlled
what our accommodations are: recently renovated, comfortable ranch style with special attention to details
what our accommodations are not: luxury, hotel, cookie cutter or fadish
























an adventure vacation - "ranch style"


our ranch adventure vacations offer lodging, amenities, daily meals and a vast array of ranch activities—from horseback riding to rock climbing, hiking, shooting, fat tire bikes and evening entertainment. check them out below













ranch activities






horseback riding
fat tire bikes
hiking
evening entertainment
rock climbing
shooting











ranch amenities






tennis court
fitness center
movie theater
hot tub
gift shop
spa services
heated pool
sports court
bar
petting zoo
game room













































family vacations & reunions
experience "true" ranch hospitality


from our family to yours. family vacations and reunions have become rare opportunities to leave the demands of your everyday life behind, relax, regroup and thoroughly enjoy each other’s company. family meals, games, conversations and activities create meaningful moments, which soon become lasting memories.
























the cowboy up podcasts


brought to you directly from the white stallion ranch. it’s straight talk about all things western: ranching, mustangs, livestock, land, people, history, music, books & art and featuring in-depth discussions with notable guests.  h. alan day of the lazy b ranch and russell true of white stallion ranch,  both prominent southern arizona ranchers and lifelong cowboys, host this weekly podcast and share their knowledge, experiences, and appreciation of the west.




the cowboy up podcastdude rancher russell true and sidekick steven clauson team up in tucson, arizona to talk all things western.  they’ll share adventures from the range, from the back of a horse, and a variety of western life adventures. (you may wonder how they lived to tell their tales!)  and they’ll have a roundup of guests, western writers, horse lovers, chuckwagon chefs, ranchers, nature lovers.  it’s the west now and then.
se532 welcome to story time about the historic empire ranch and learn more of the history and movies of the great southwestbyrussel true & steven clausonthe historic empire ranch has been a working cattle ranch for almost 150 years. its rich history includes successive ownership by two prominent ranching families, two corporations, and finally by the federal government on behalf of the general public.originally established in the 1860’s as a homestead ranch of 160 acres with a flat topped four-room adobe ranch house and adjoining adobe-walled corral and finally the blm took over in 1988 with a commitment to preserve the historic empire ranch buildings and interpreting them for future generations.television series like bonanza were filmed at empire and movie stars like john wayne and barbara streisand filmed movies here. sit back and enjoy the story of empire ranch as told by empire volunteers rick and marti.search results placeholderprevious episodeshow episodes listnext episodeshow podcast information

















































































































 






	copyright white stallion ranch 2025 - all rights reserved   -  sitemap 





close search
cart

back to top× 

























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



