









home - waukee area chamber of commerce









































515-978-7115
info@waukeechamber.com


member directory
mighty networks
chambermaster
 












members

member benefits
directory
job postings
member deals


calendar
about us

about the chamber
board & staff
chamber blog


committees

waukee yp
ambassadors


become a sponsor
contact us
join the chamber
 


select page


  
 
 












do better business with the waukee community on your side
the waukee area chamber of commerce is the dedicated guide, connector, and cheerleader to help local businesses succeed.
join the chamber










build relationships



gain awareness



make an impact










welcome dec. 2024 and jan. 2025 new members!









we help you get connected in the
waukee community













 grow your network
meet fellow business owners, prospective clients, and future team members at chamber events held around waukee each month.








engage your employees
offer ways for your team to learn and have fun by attending professional development-focused events and participating in waukee young professionals.








gain support
find answers to questions and challenges through local resources, fellow chamber members, and the greater waukee community.







join the chamber












the waukee area chamber of commerce is here to serve you today and for the years ahead

many of our members have faced the highs and lows that come up in business.
that’s where we fit in.
we are the guide, connector, and cheerleader for waukee area businesses of all sizes. we celebrate your achievements along with you and are here to help when challenges arise.
from small businesses to enterprise organizations, our members gain opportunities to make vital connections that propel them forward, recruit and retain top talent, and see the benefits of getting involved through attending events, volunteering on committees, and becoming a sponsor.

join the chamber








 
flip through the 2025
waukee area chamber guide here.













stay connected with the @waukeeareachamber!











 












many businesses are held back when they’re not engaged in their community. at the waukee area chamber of commerce, we help local businesses of all sizes thrive by serving as their guide, connector, and cheerleader so they can grow faster with the waukee community on their side.



join the chamber




(515) 978-7115






info@waukeechamber.com



followfollowfollow




member directory
events calendar
member benefits
about the chamber
become a sponsor
contact us
weekly newsletter















official digital agency of thewaukee area chamber of commerce





official internet provider of the waukee area chamber of commerce







copyright © 2022 | waukee area chamber of commerce | website by illuminated



 





























