


service level agreement and sla guide






service level agreement and sla guide




 





sla toolkit contents
 
service level agreement template
a complete service level agreement template. why re-invent the wheel? 
 
sla interactive guide
explains every part of the sla and provides jump links straight to the appropriate part of the above template 
 
sla introduction & training guide
a full presentation on slas explaining how, what and why
 
sla audit and review
a comprehensive checklist / questionnaire to audit and review your existing agreements
 
service level management presentation
explains the key concepts of slm for a wider understanding of the issues

 


 
next step
the sla toolkit

a complete toolkit comprising sla template, guide, presentation and audit/review questionnaire.
purchase and download for
only $199
 



 

 

© copyright 2003
sample service level agreements, sla templates, and more 


it is now widely accepted that service provision and receipt should be governed by an agreement. this is essential to define the parameters of the service, for the benefit of both the provider and the recipient.
 
it must obviously cover many other issues, as well as defining the service itself.
 
unfortunately, creation of an appropriate and focused service level agreement (sla) is not a trivial task. however, it need not be a daunting experience either!
 
the sla toolkit
the sla toolkit is designed to make creation of service level agreements far more straight forward. it is intended to de-mystify the sla, and enable you to produce a top quality document with the minimum of fuss. there is absolutely no need to re-invent the wheel! it is supplied primarily in ms-word format and comprises the following components:

sla template
this is a complete template for an sla. each clause can be accepted 'as is' or edited to reflect a specific need. 
click here for sample pages and further information
 
interactive sla guide
this document explains every part of the sla, clause by clause. further, it provides an interactive link jump straight to the above template for each - so you can populate and change directly, as required.
click here for sample pages and further information
 
sla introduction  
this is a full powerpoint presentation. it explains the sla, what is needed, why and where. 
click here for example pages and further information
 
audit & review
if you already have an sla, or just want to be doubly sure, this component will certainly help. it comprises a series of questions designed to take you through an sla and check it for quality, content and completeness. a first rate audit tool (ms-word).
click here for sample pages and further  information
 
service level management
service level agreements form part of service level management. this presentation explains the key concepts of service level management (and thus sla management). 
click here for example pages and further information

 
we are pleased to be able to offer all these elements as part of the highly acclaimed sla toolkit.  
 
to purchase the product and download for a special price of just $199, please visit our secure sla purchase page.
partnerв казино пинап раздел акций включает большое количество призовых решений. расширить базовый набор можно за счет промокодов. это специальные купоны, для активации которых на баланс профиля нужно зачислить деньги. после этого можно получить более 100% на депозит, около 200 фриспинов или пин-коины. речь идет о виртуальной валюте, которая нужна гемблеру, чтобы подниматься по лестнице лояльности.





 


home - feedback - purchase


service level agreement example, presentation, guide and audit. pn. 




