



yeeha! free nutrition information, music, entertainment, business, economics, games







						  
						
						
						
						
						
						
						
						home



















welcome
directory
save our habitat! the climate crisis

our climate model employs 
chaos theory to comprehensively consider human impacts and projects a potential global average temperature increase of 9℃ above pre-industrial levels. global warming is a consequence of elevated thermal energy in the climate system, which comprises various subsystems. chaos theory underscores the intricate and nonlinear nature of dynamic systems. human well-being is compromised above a 1.5-degree temperature rise, rendering much of the earth uninhabitable. a 9-degree celsius increase would bring the earth close to a wet-bulb temperature incapable of sustaining human life.

what can i do?
there are numerous actions you can take to contribute to saving the planet. each person bears the responsibility to minimize pollution, discontinue the use of fossil fuels, reduce consumption, and foster a culture of love and care. the butterfly effect illustrates that a small change in one area can lead to significant alterations in conditions anywhere on the globe. hence, the frequently heard statement that a fluttering butterfly in china can cause a hurricane in the atlantic. 
be a butterfly and affect the world.

what you can do today. how to save the planet.
songs for ukraine
covid-19 emergency management plan and recovery




yeeha! original music videos

business & the economy

children's menu

educational  
experiments

games

government & politics

halloween

health, 
fitness & wellness




arts & sciences

internet gazette

kingarthur network

multimedia guide

music

philadelphia  
area

social 
sciences & applied chaos theory

what's new!









thank you!









ygraine.membrane.com
these graphics, images, text copy, sights or sounds may not be 
used without our expressed written consent.





 




archive



