




she shines — livejournal


























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































ripples_clear
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














ripples_clear







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









i heart bob last.fm
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            she shines
        

            in a world full of ugliness
        



08 august 2008 @ 05:25 pm
(no subject)  


it's that time.i'm killing this journal.all of you will be contacted accordingly with the new name.
 
leave a comment




 

20 july 2008 @ 09:27 pm
(no subject)  


i fear i am losing interest in the internet.my account expired, and i have no desire to renew it at present, which means maybe it's time to give up live journal entirely.i don't think anyone even reads it anymore, anyway.
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 


13 july 2008 @ 05:15 pm
(373) i want somebody to speed it up for me, then take it down slow, there's enough room for both  


please don't let me fuck it up this time.  don't let me kill something before it even begins.  please let me find the courage to put myself out there, and to stay out there.don't let me fall victim to my usual devices.   
current music: 4 minutes | madonna ft. just timberlake & timberland
 
leave a comment




 


11 july 2008 @ 12:45 pm
(372) oh, leave me alone, stop asking for more, i'm going home on my own  


there's a reason i don't go to parties.usually one of two things happens.  i end up really drunk and making out with strangers, or i am a bitch to people.  i have not fallen into the former in a while now, but i definitely fell into the latter last night. it was a friend of a friend's party.  they were cellebrating the end of the first half of their class (silly film majors).  i went with a couple of other friends, and we spent the majority of the party standing off to the side talking shit about people.  it was all harmless fun, i promise.  until some stoner/hippy guy came up to me and asked if it hurt when i fell from heaven.  i was flabergasted, not because he was being a tool but because he was actually being genuine about it.  i felt too bad to be a bitch, and say something snarky, but the kid was so high that he didn't even know what to say half the time so the conversation kept stalling.  and when he went to go get a beer, i ditched him, only to be found five minutes later.  that's when my friends and i decided to go up onto the roof to run away from him again.  imagine our surprise when we got up there and he was already up there also.that was not the best part of the night though.the best part of the night was bitching out some belligerent, drunk boy who kept throwing things at us on the roof and calling us depressing, anti-social girls.  then my friends said they felt sorry for him because he was clearly lacking of a dick.  this went on for about a half-hour before i apologized for my very rude but amusing friends and told him i would tell him how to get up on the roof if he stole a fake lizard for me from the roof opposite of us.  it took another fifteen minutes, but he got it for us.  and when he finally made it up to the roof, the party died and everyone was leaving the roof.  so we were like "sorry, one-and a half inch dick boy, but looks like we've gotta go."  and we left.  with the lizard.my friend is most likely never inviting me to another one of her friend's parties again.  and i don't blame her.   
current music: leave me alone | natalie imbruglia + portishead
 
leave a comment




 


 


29 june 2008 @ 01:15 am
(371) if you are what you say, you are, a superstar  


so, i'm at this party, waiting for my spot at the keg, and this kid breaks out with, "yeah, i'm really sarcastic."  and i'm already slightly drunk at this point, and like "bitch, please" (in my head.)  and he's asking why we're not dancing, and i'm like "it's cause we're way too cool."  and he pulls the cliche "oh, so you're one of those."  and i'm like "yeah, i'm one of those."  and somehow he asks, "are you being sarcastic?"  and i'm like "no.  not at all." (obviously being sarcastic.)  and the kid walked away.  because i was just too cool, and sarcastic, and witty, and beat him at his own silly little game.and tonight, and last night, reminded me of why i just don't do parties anymore.  or hell, why i never did them to begin with.  people are just ... idiots.  and i deal with idiots all day.  i don't need it on my weekends.i don't need it, period.   
current music: superstar | lupe fiasco
 
2 comments | leave a comment




 


 


23 june 2008 @ 10:14 pm
(370) i kissed a girl and i liked it, the taste of her cherry chapstick  


ah, the life of a post-graduate student.i feel so lazy.  i mean ... i'm working 40 hour weeks now and i've technically only been out of school ... a week ... but still.  i feel so unproductive, it's rediculous.  all i do when i get home from work is watch reruns of old sitcoms and sex in the city, read, and surf the net.  i even went back to fan forum, which of course will only last about a week, but anyway.i need to do something with my life.  i have goals though.  they involve finding a new job (as soon as i hit my two year mark and get my two year check, i am bouncing!), finding a summer internship, and finally learning how to play my guitar.  i think i'll start on this all ... next week.  i haven't had a break in fourteen years or so.  i deserve at least a week, right?but what if one week turns into forever ... !? in the mean time, my life of random daliances (i couldn't think of how to phrase it, because i don't really have a "sex life" or a "love life" it's just ... random daliences) appears to have come to an end.  i remember reading my horoscope for the year and it saying something like "winter: your sex life will begin to heat up a little, spring: amorous relations about, but beware of haste decisions, summer: expect things to simmer down considerably before fall: when things sizzle up again and relationships blossom."  so far, it seems very accurate.  don't ask me where my interest in astrology came from ... it just sort of blossomed out of nowhere.but yes.  no boys, which means less time to obsess and more time to actually do something with my life.also, i kind of hate this song, and katy perry, because i can find so many things wrong with it and the video which is rediculously exploitative ... but god damn, it is catchy.   
current music: i kissed a girl | katy perry
 
1 comment | leave a comment




 


 



13 june 2008 @ 09:11 am
(369) he said she's easy, and if your guy's with someone that sleazy, then he's not worth the time  


i had this huge entry written last week about the events from last week, but then deleted it because it felt like something out of a seventeen year old's journal.  predictably, it was about a boy.  it was going to detail my confusion over said boy because of events from last week, which i have basically chalked up to lots of alcohol on his part.  and that's where i will leave it.  ... and the rest has been deleted from memory, because i annoy myself all too frequently.   
current music: we get on | kate nash
 
leave a comment




 


04 june 2008 @ 08:04 pm
(368) what to say, to make you come again, come back to me again, and play your sad guitar  


long ago, and oh so far awayi fell in love with youbefore the second showyour guitar, it sounds so sweet and clearbut you're not really thereit's just the radio.ah, to be a groupie.   
current music: superstar | sonic youth
 
3 comments | leave a comment




 


 



01 june 2008 @ 10:16 pm
(367) i wish i could make you all see, without it all, you're lovely  


hired a stripper for a friend's 21st birthday.kind of new she wouldn't take it well in the end, even if i was enlisted to make sure she got drunk and to babysit until it was sundown.  she cringed the whole time, and i felt kind of bad for her ... but at the same time, it's like ... she's twenty-one.  welcome to the world.  but yeah.  i was a good sport, and after everyone went around getting a dance from him, i finally conceded (after two more forced shots ... so much for that whole no more drinking alcohol bit) and sat down in the chair myself for my dance.  but i demanded that it not be justin timberlake.  and instead got a little sugar poured on me in the form of icky stripper sweat.sigh.  the college life.and i wasn't even drunk.  i almost wish i were, because it would have been more tolerable.  but i was a good sport, i can say that at the least.  a year ago, i don't even think i would have shown up for a stripper.  ah, sexual liberation.  one step at a time.on a side note, he totally had rob zombie's living dead girl on his ipod, so i played it and danced on a chair as he made with the icky talk with some friends.  strippers should not be allowed to make out with people's necks, p.s.  i'm pretty sure that was unnecesary.random note: apparently i have nice form.  will i ever shed the whole "kinky" vibe thing?  brown hair, bangs and all?  maybe i should just embrace it.   
current music: how do i fix my head | straylight run
 
leave a comment




 

30 may 2008 @ 10:49 pm
(366) if you love me, won't you let me know?  


so i blacked out for the first time ever last night.still not entirely sure how it happened, as i only remember taking eight shots of rum.  and eight shots is not nearly enough to get me so fucked up.  my friend tells me that the handle of rum we bought last night was gone, and that half a handle of gin was gone.  i kind of have trouble believing i drank that much, but it explains why the last thing i remember before slivers of bits and pieces here and there of me throwing up outside of a bar and being carried to a friend of a friend's car and then throwing up in a friend's bathroom is taking that eighth shot at my friend's house.  i can't remember anything else.  not driving downtown.  not getting into the bar.  not the drive back.  not how i ended up in a room surrounded by tupac posters.  fortunately i was with friends the whole time, but the hangover today has not been fun at all.i really don't know how some people do this on a semi-frequent basis.  because it's not fun.  the only good thing that came out of it was i discovered the new coldplay song, and have since been listening to it all day.but yes.  lessons learned ...1. stop drinking after four or five shots.2. blacking out is no bueno.i shall be avoiding alcohol for the next couple of days.  or possibly longer.
 
15 comments | leave a comment




 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























