


aboutremediation.com - create a pest-free home















directory of mold remediation services

 









<

home mold test guide
controlling mold growth
find mold removal experts
using your mold detectors
natural mold remedies




home mold test guide
controlling mold growth
find mold removal experts
using your mold detectors
natural mold remedies






mold removal services » 






top common types and causes of mold in homes
 mold in the home can come from a variety of sources, and comes in a rainbow of different colors based on its type. in order to properly treat and get rid of the mold in your home, you will need to be able to identify its type and cause. this article lists the most common types of household mold, as well as what they are most often caused by and how you can identify each of them in your home. 
 types of mold 
 aspergillus is a type of mold that is typically found on foods and in household air conditioning systems. it can cause mild to extreme allergic reactions and respiratory trouble. cladosporium type of mold is typically black or green and “pepper like” in appearance. it can usually be found growing on the backs of toilets, painted surfaces, or in air ducts. it is largely harmless to humans, though it can aggravate some allergy symptoms like red or watery eyes, rashes, and sore throat. molds that are orange or red in color are typically found outdoors, since it thrives on decaying plants. it can appear slimy, but is harmless, so need only be removed for aesthetic purposes. white mold is not an official type of mold, but it can be a sign that mold is in the early stages of developing. catching it early can make treatment much easier. 
demolition & concrete contractor
 common areas for mold growth
 all types of mold love dark, damp, and warm areas. this is what makes places like basements, bathrooms, and the areas around heating and cooling appliances so popular. however, mold can also grow within your carpets, ventilation ducts, and inside crawlspaces or cellars. wherever it starts, it can quickly spread to adjacent areas and soon be all over windowsills, floors, and walls.  
 discouraging mold growth
 to prevent health problems, rot, and structural damage to your home, it is important to prevent mold growth as much as possible. the most important step in this prevention plan is to regularly check plumbing and walls to make sure that there are no areas where moisture may be collecting, as prolonged moisture can almost always lead to mold growth. also install and regularly use vents in the kitchen and bathroom during cooking or bathing to direct moisture out of the room rather than let it lay on surfaces and encourage mold to form. these fixtures should be vented to the exterior, or else you’re just moving your mold problem from one area to another. bleach, ammonia, or vinegar based solutions may be applied to mold-prone areas once or twice a week to kill surviving mold and prevent its recurrence. a scrub with a mixture of borax and water can also do the same job. 
 mold removal 
 if your mold problem is too big for a bucket of bleach solution, it may be time to call in the professionals. it’s true that mold removal can often be quite costly, but it is absolutely vital to the health of your family and the safety of your home to have it cleaned up completely and have the source of the problem remedied so that it doesn’t come back again. 




search by category

mold remediation services
mold testing services



mold-free home advice

mold expert database search
distinguishing mold from mildew
key indicators of mold problems
moldy food problems
natural mold removal tips
testing for mold
tips for fighting mold growth




 
 

mold services by state




alaska 
alabama 
arkansas 
arizona 
california 
colorado 
connecticut 
washington dc 
delaware 
florida 
georgia 
hawaii 
iowa 

idaho 
illinois 
indiana 
kansas 
kentucky 
louisiana 
massachusetts 
maryland 
maine 
michigan 
minnesota 
missouri 
mississippi 

montana 
north carolina 
north dakota 
nebraska 
new hampshire 
new jersey 
new mexico 
nevada 
new york 
ohio 
oklahoma 
oregon 
pennsylvania 

rhode island 
south carolina 
south dakota 
tennessee 
texas 
utah 
virginia 
vermont 
washington 
wisconsin 
west virginia 
wyoming 






search mold service locations by city




erie 
point pleasant 
maywood 
san jacinto 
aurora 
danbury 
crestview 
homestead 
bartlett 
villa park 
new iberia 
holyoke 
kalamazoo 


faribault 
olive branch 
binghamton 
lynbrook 
north augusta 
palmetto bay 
central falls 
grass valley 
clarkston 
garden city 
decatur 
la grange 
swansea 


berne 
greendale 
harlan 
abilene 
maysville 
detroit lakes 
indianola 
greenwood 
independence 
moberly 
south amboy 
beacon 
irvington 


kenmore 
stallings 
walkertown 
bellbrook 
marlow 
watonga 
warrenton 
duquesne 
west view 
bowie 
orting 
tumwater 
farmington 








 



mold specialist database
mold service listings
terms and conditions
privacy policy
about us
contact us
listing change requests

this website is not represented by a mold remediation or inspection company and any advice should be used for general knowledge only.
@ copyrights 2019 www.aboutremediation.com - all rights reserved.









