








	acculam® fast lead times, quality laminates: sheets, tubes, rods






















 












































skip to content



 800.431.2274
 | 
contact us













resource center






technical data






data sheets and safety data sheets






specification cross reference chart






sheet comparative data chart






thermoset product list






tube data sheets








quality info






iso certificates






laminate sheet tolerances






laminate tube tolerances






engineering terms






product certifications






domestic selling policies








manufacturing info






our process






our services








colors








quote form






industries served






aerospace






aviation






automotive






chemical






consumer goods






cryogenics






electronics






energy sector






industrial machinery






marine industry






medical industry






robotics














































full-service manufacturer of
 
nema li-1 & mil-i-24768

thermoset plastic composites for industry


 

















  











explore our 
featured products
 
 
 
 
 

epoxyglas™ g10 fr4

matrix ht™ g14


epoxyglas™ g10 & fr4  







epoxyglas™ g10 fr4
acculam® epoxyglas g10 fr4, epoxy fiberglass, also known as garolite, is a flame retardant epoxy resin and a woven fiberglass substrate. this qualifies to nema grade fr4 and mil-i-24768/27. this material has high mechanical strength and excellent electrical insulating qualities in both dry and humid conditions. it provides both insulating and structural functions in both dry and humid conditions, along with temperature resistance across a wide range of applications and industries. these attributes along with good fabricating characteristics allow it to be easily machined into complex parts with conventional milling and turning tools as well as waterjet and laser cutting.
new! check out our wide array of colored g10fr/4! 

buy now







product
            name here  







matrix ht™ g14
acculam ® matrix ht ™ g14 is a thermoset composite comprised of woven fiberglass and a unique blend of high-temperature resin binders designed for applications that demand superior performance at elevated temperatures. designed as a cost-effective alternative to engineered thermoplastics, matrix ht g14 has outstanding flexural and impact strength, maintains a high percentage of mechanical, insulating properties up to 500of. matrix ht ™ g14 offers excellent dimensional stability and creep resistance as well as good resistance to moisture, chemicals, alkali, and acids. it does not melt or soften at elevated temperatures and offers users extended application capability beyond typical nema grades.

buy now

































no more waiting: experience fast lead times.
same day shipping on in-stock ordersforget lengthy lead times. we understand the importance of prompt delivery to keep your projects on track. that's why we prioritize efficient processes and maintain a vast inventory of sheets, rods and tubes to ensure exceptionally fast turnaround times.what sets us apart:streamlined operations: our commitment to efficiency translates into industry-leading lead times, even for customized requests.extensive inventory: we maintain a large stock of materials ready to ship, minimizing delays and getting your projects started sooner.transparency and trust: explore the specifics of our lead time document, providing clear expectations and fostering a collaborative partnership. request lead time document. 
 
need it to spec?
get a custom quote
 

get the materials you need, the way you need them.

get started
















    custom part quote with 3d rendering  acculam is proud to offer a next generation digital estimating system that can accurately provide you with a firm quote in less than 48 hours. your part will be viewable in 3d, with our manufacturing engineers comments with every quote we submit.  upload your parts document now     








    state-of-the-art cnc machined parts  our fabrication capabilities are extensive, boasting 3, 4, and 5-axis milling on parts up to 30” x 40” x 40” with 7 micron tolerance (0.0003”). we also offer cnc 3 and 5 axis routed parts up to 60” x 120” and precision cut-to-size panels or blanks. our proprietary precision grinding process can achieve 0.0005” flatness and thickness tolerances with finishes that rival or surpass traditional lapping for composite materials. through our partnership with vericut we can digitally run your part before it even gets to a machine to verify accuracy, and through our keyence-equipped 8200 square foot quality laboratory, we can verify accuracies and tolerances in seconds.  learn more    
















reliable and affordable
prepreg
 

acculam boasts three state-of-the-art substrate coating lines. all of our materials are available in their un-pressed states and we have over 100 years of cumulative experience in custom formulation to meet your specific, custom need.

contact us


















proudly based and
manufactured in the usa
 



quality


value


speed


accurate





acculam® is the premier manufacturer of industrial thermoset laminate plastics like epoxyglas g10/fr4 & epoxyglas g11/fr5  in the usa. acculam was established in 1980 and is an iso 9001 certified manufacturing company. we manufacture and inventory sheets, tubes and rods at our manufacturing plant in falmouth, massachusetts. our acculam® thermoset laminate products have taken their place in markets spanning six continents and earned world-class recognition and acceptance as the best. as an innovative manufacturer of laminated thermoset plastics, acculam has maintained it’s lead in the manufacture of industrial laminates by incorporating technological innovation into the improvement of our product manufacturing process.

learn more about us
 



















stay in the loop! sign up for our newsletter:
get exclusive updates on:




sales & promotions (never miss a deal!)
new product releases (be the first to know!)
company news & announcements (stay informed!)


we value your privacy. you can unsubscribe at any time.


 
 
 


























largest inventory of
composite materials
 

we have the largest inventory of composites in the country with over $15 million of composites in-stock at all times.
our customers range from public and private space agencies, to automotive, to consumer electronics, to power generation and distribution. if there’s an industry that requires composite parts, we probably supply them. we have the largest inventory of composite materials in the country, which means we have the best cost on raw material and the fastest possible lead times.
some of the industries that use laminates:

electronics electrical machinery automotive & trucking metal finishing aviation chemical home appliance textile


















how to buy


call us at 800.431.2274



submit a quote




                    email us at 
sales@acculam.com








helpful links


thermoset line card


about us


domestic selling policies






massachusetts plant

                33 tech park drive
                falmouth, massachusetts 02536
              



phone:
1.800.431.2274







contact us



 1.800.431.2274




 sales@acculam.com











site and all content ©2023


sitemap


 privacy policy


terms & conditions







linkedin


facebook







back to top





 










this website requires javascript to be enabled to operate.












