


	specialty insurance programs | aon programs























































 








 


our broker promise

aon specialty programs

our portfolio (pdf)
healthcare practices & providersprivate flood insurancesports, leisure & entertainmentfine arts & musical instrumentscommunity associationsnonprofit organizationstravel agents & tour operatorsattorneys & law firmsnon-emergency medical transportcatastrophe coverageresidential & commercial mortgage lenders & investors


subscribe

join us












we get it. as a broker, you’re driven to help your clients protect what matters most.
that’s why we’re offering aon programs, a new broker-centric portal that helps you develop tailored insurance solutions that position your clients (and you!) for success. 

join us today for access to our entire portfolio of programs.

join us






when you work with aon, you’re backed by a brand like no other.
get access to custom insurance programs, knowledgeable underwriters, and rapid turnaround. our proprietary programs offer you a competitive edge when growing your business. join our growing team of broker partners and get access to our programs today.










custom specialty programs





custom specialty programs

with more than 300 insurance programs, we can help you develop customized insurance solutions that fit the unique needs of your clients.

















more than $850m premium volume

this volume gives us tremendous leverage with our carrier partners which ultimately gives you a competitive edge.

















18,000 + broker partners

whether you have 10 clients or 10,000 clients, our focus is to help grow your business.











industry specific  expertise





industry-specific expertise

our staff of more than 1,400 dedicated professionals is knowledgeable in the specialty markets you serve.

















more than 300 sponsor partners

these partnerships help manage emerging risks and create adaptive coverage and proprietary policies to protect your clients.











sell more broadly





sell more broadly

once you become part of aon programs, you’ll have access to one of the broadest portfolios of specialty products in the industry.













healthcare practices & providers
with more than 42 years of experience and 72 professional association endorsements, affinity healthcare is the nation’s largest provider of professional liability insurance to more than 200 different groups of healthcare firms and professionals. 
contact affinity

affinity healthcarecoleen kelly 


						215-773-4979
					

coleen.kelly@aon.comwww.aonprograms.com/affinity-healthcare 









private flood insurance
products include ez flood, designed for residential properties in higher-risk and coastal areas where mandatory flood insurance purchase requirements apply and in lower-risk non-mandatory flood zones, and excess flood which provides additional coverage beyond the nfip limits.
contact aon edge

aon edgekatherine howington, cfm, anfi 


						832-800-7001
					

katherine.howington@aon.comwww.aonedge.com 









sports, leisure & entertainment
one of the nation’s largest providers of p&c insurance for the sports and recreation industry. with more than 65 years of experience, our 70+ programs are invaluable when, “insuring the world’s fun.”
contact k&k

k&kdave mello 


						260-438-7611
					

david.mello@kandkinsurance.comwww.kandkinsurance.com 









fine arts & musical instruments
the leading managing general underwriter of fine arts insurance in the u.s. for more than 50 years. htb is also a premier provider of musical instrument insurance.
contact htb

htbtor hellebo 


						202-862-5395 
					

tor.hellebo@huntingtontblock.comwww.huntingtontblock.com 









community associations
with more than 42,000 community associations insured, ihg is one of the nation's largest mgus to this niche market. their suite of p&c products includes property, gl, d&o, crime and more.
contact ihg

ihgtifinni tegan 


						312-841-0115 
					

tifinni.tegan@ianhgrahaminc.comwww.ihginsurance.com 









nonprofit organizations
more than 35 years of experience as a leading provider of d&o and other p&c products to more than 100 classes of nonprofit organizations; including the new social services connect program, a suite of products for social service organizations.
contact nonprofits

affinity nonprofitsamy doherty 




amy.doherty@affinitynonprofits.comwww.affinitynonprofits.com 









travel agents & tour operators
more than 40 years of experience providing professional liability insurance customized to the travel industry. more than 25 professional travel associations recommend our program to their members.
contact affinity

aon affinity travel practicekenneth f. whitman, esq 


						516-342-4622
					

kenneth.whitman@aon.comwww.aontravpro.com 









attorneys & law firms
with more than 40 years of experience, we deliver broad professional liability insurance to small and mid-sized law firms through admitted and non-admitted carriers.
contact attorneys

aon attorneys advantagepeter reimann  


						312-381-2717 
					

peter.reimann@aon.comwww.attorneys-advantage.com 









non-emergency medical transport
aon’s affinity healthcare, a leading provider of comprehensive insurance solutions for healthcare businesses, has partnered with our network of carriers to develop a specialized insurance program for the medical transportation industry.
contact nemt

non-emergency medical transportcoleen kelly 


						215-773-4979
					

coleen.kelly@aon.com 









catastrophe coverage
three insurance solutions covering catastrophic events; primary/excess flood, deductible buy-back insurance, mini-wind program; community banks; lender-placed property insurance.
contact insurmark

insurmarkamy marion 


						847-771-0016 ext. 84710016
					

amy.marion@aon.comwww.insurmark.com 









residential & commercial mortgage lenders & investors
mortgage bankers bond (fidelity bond and e&o), surety bond, professional liability, cyber liability, d&o and mortgage impairment.
contact bankers

bankers insurance servicetom delaney 


						312-381-3722 
					

tom.delaney@bankersinsuranceservice.comwww.bankersinsuranceservice.com 







healthcare practices & providersprivate flood insurancesports, leisure & entertainmentfine arts & musical instrumentscommunity associationsnonprofit organizationstravel agents & tour operatorsattorneys & law firmsnon-emergency medical transportcatastrophe coverageresidential & commercial mortgage lenders & investors



















        
        ©2013aon plc. all rights reserved.








grow your biz home subscribe lunch & learn join us programs & coverage insurance license information privacy policy


































