







home - media training worldwide

















































































 








 














		skip to content








 





main menu
 


home
about
servicesmenu toggle

media training courses
public speaking training


locationsmenu toggle

media training new york


blog
contact us

212-764-4955212-764-4955 
 

 
 







 














 





speak. lead. succeed. 









improve your communication skills, lead with confidence, grow professionally and personally. 






want in-person/live training?










or online self-paced courses?











 











you will most benefit if you are 



a professional, a corporate decision-maker, or an individual who wants to grow in your career and lead a better life.our courses are best suited for people who would like to be better leaders by becoming stronger, more confident communicators.we have helped professionals from various industries including healthcare, finance, technology, and others communicate effectively.our media training course and public speaking skills training have helped top ceos, heads of state, vps, directors, and even mid-level managers move up the corporate ladder. 















2.1 million+ 



total students 







220+ 



courses 







4.5/5 



average ratings 







100+ 



large corporations and governments served 












 

 










a system that worksget easy-to-follow process, guided practice and post-training support 



right guided practicepractice makes perfect. this is where you turn knowledge into skills. 



save timewe'll get you to your goals faster by cutting down your learning curve by half (at least). 



















world class trainers. 😎 










view details















 



tj walkerfounder, media training worldwide 







 



jess todtfeld, csp, leading communication and media training authorities 















rave reviews ❤️ 



here are some delighted participants and this is what they had to say. 









 





brilliant!!! i have gained a wealth of applicable knowledge and insights from tj, just got through the first part of this course and will be studying through several times over and continuing on! it’s incredibly important to me that as an aspiring life &motivational coach, i’m coming across as conversational to my audience as if they are someone i’m coaching personally~ sharing messages that are relevant, engaging, and to the point without rambling lol! i’m grateful for what a ginormous gift it is having access to this level of coaching from tj!!! highly recommend! 



jennifer laguardia 









 





if you only have time/money for one public speaking class, this needs to be it! tj walker, a proven media and public speaking expert have way over-delivered in his complete public speaking masterclass for every occasion. i like how there’s a comprehensive curriculum, but you can just hop around to the sections that apply to you. not every section is going to apply, but with 550 videos (the max on udemy) you can’t go wrong buying this course. each section is also in easy-to-watch chunks. 



stephanie mojica 









 





this truly is a master class. he covers everything that could possibly be covered, in my opinion. take the classes, do the exercises, make the videos, and you will improve. like nike says, ‘just do it! like tj says, you have to practice. he reiterates it, constantly, in this course because it is an issue. just watching the course doesn’t help. you have to act on them, and practice. watch your practice, critique, and do it again. tj has so much valid information, i know that i will be back to review and digest more of it. great job, tj. 



teresa trimm 

















 





2,100,000+ 



people from top organizations, political leaders and the un have experienced media training worldwide. 















media training, at its best 



learn to speak clearly and in interesting ways to get people’s attention every time you speak in media. 











 







control the narrativemake your organization look good by controlling the narrative. 



answer like a probe ready for any question that comes your way. 



speak confidentlyovercome nerves and anxiety. speak with flair. 















what is media training worldwide? 



and why you should care 




 













get your free personalized video proposal now 



receive your free personalized video proposal created by our experienced media trainers with a clear plan of action so that you can deliver engaging and memorable messages. please fill out the form below to get started. 







send live training details 





home page contact formδnameemailphone numbermessagesend live training details 









 
















our amazing clients 







 







 







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 







 







 















master ai digital cloning 



building an interactive ai digital cone 



unlock the power of ai and create your own interactive digital clones with our comprehensive courses. whether you prefer video tutorials, reading, or listening, we have the perfect format for you. 







building an interactive ai digital cloneexplore our comprehensive ebook on kindle, designed for those who prefer reading and in-depth understanding. learn at your own pace with detailed explanations and examples. 










buy now
















blog 







 



what is media training? 







 
read more











 



media training definition 







 
read more











 



tips for media training 







 
read more
























be the first to hear about  preparing for media interviews, leadership, communication and so much more. sign up to ace any presentation! 















 







sitemaphome
about
services

media training courses
public speaking training


locations

media training new york


blog
contact us
 



address295 madison avenue, 12th floor new york, ny 10017190 se 5th ave, suite 135, delray beach, fl 33483 











						copyright © 2025 media training worldwide 






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 
 










become a media pro in 20 minutes 



free download for a limited time only [value of  



$19.99] 











								name							




								email							





download now































download e-book 











								name							




								email							



 



download now














































get a free personalized quote now 











								name							




								email							




								phone number							




								message							
 

 



get now






























































 


