





maría amparo escandón














home
the writer
the work
the reader















“a secret to reveal,
a sin to confess,
a story to tell”

maría amparo escandón



















get your copy  here










get your copy  here








compra tu ejemplar aquí













the writer







biography
photo gallery
a conversation with maría

events














maría amparo escandón is a new york times best-selling bilingual author
            (english and spanish.) her third novel, l.a. weather,
            published by flatiron books, a division of macmillan publishers is a reese’s book club pick and is featured
            on oprah quarterly as well as a best book of the month in barnes & noble, alta, people, popsugar, bustle,
            cnn, e! news, ms. magazine, nylon, gma, and more.

            

            she wrote her first novel, esperanza’s box of saints and its spanish version, santitos, published in late
            1999 by simon & schuster and random house respectively. her novel has been the number one best seller in the
            los angeles times best sellers list, it has 21 foreign editions and has been read in over 86 countries. her
            new novel, gonzález & daughter trucking co. and its spanish version, transportes gonzález e hija, was
            published in 2005 by random house. it has been in best sellers lists around the country and is the
            publisher’s “book of the year” in spain. she has been named writer to watch by newsweek magazine and by the
            los angeles times. her books have been chosen as the annual book selection for several community reads
            public library-funded projects, one city one book, a novel idea. also, many of her short stories have been
            published in journals and magazines, both in english and spanish.
            


            maría wrote the screenplay santitos, on which she based her novel. the film was
            produced by john sayles and
            successfully released in latin america in january of 2001. to date, the film has received awards in 14
            international film festivals, such as the latin cinema award at the sundance film festival, special jury
            award at the rencontres cinémas de toulouse, france, and best opera prima by the critique française.

            

            she founded the other truth productions, llc, a content production company, where she has a pipeline of film
            and television projects in various stages of development. she is currently developing the television
            mini-series, mudflap girl, based on her second novel,
            gonzález & daughter trucking co.
            and a screenplay she
            co-wrote with pepe stepensky, moishe is moishe.


            




                maría has taught numerous creative writing courses and workshops at ucla extension since 1994: magic
                realism, written voice and short story writing. she has been an advisor at the sundance film institute
                screenwriters labs in mexico and brazil. she has been a novel and screenplay advisor at the creative
                content
                foundation in barcelona and she has been a mentor for the pen center emerging voices program since 2000.

                

                she graduated from universidad nuevo mundo in mexico city in 1982 where she studied communications with
                an
                emphasis on linguistics and semiotics. she is invited regularly as keynote speaker, lecturer, and
                panelist
                at numerous colleges and universities, national and international writing conferences, writing seminars
                in
                mexico, spain and brazil, film festivals in several other countries, book expos, fundraisers, and other
                events.
                


                    for a detailed bio, go to: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mar%c3%ada_amparo_escandón
















/ book club, minneapolis





/ deschutes public library a novel idea





/ feria del libro, madrid





/ la times festival of books





/ mexico city presentation





/ riding for research





/ riding with truckers





/ sundance film festival





/ sundance film festival 1999





/ aarp





/ american association of university women, la habra





/ book expo la with maite cuadros and mathilde sommeregger





/ bread loaf, middlebury, vt





/ catholics in the movies, notre dame





/ driving trucks





/ driving trucks





/ driving with truckers





/ g&d book signing





/ g&d book signing





/ keynote address speaker for seal of excellence awards dinner at the
                        zapata home





/ laboratorio contenidos de creación, barcelona





/ los cineastas mexicanos en la





/ mathilde sommeregger, plaza & janés





/ mexico city presentation





/ mexico city presentation





/ presentation





/ sundance screenwriters lab, rio





/ whittier reads author talk and dinner at the zapata home





/ whittier reads author talk and dinner at the zapata home





/ whittier reads author talk and dinner at the zapata home











fiction








esperanza’s box of saints (santitos)



                a magical, humorous, and passion-filled odyssey about a beautiful young widow's search for her missing
                    child,  a mission that takes her from a humble mexican village to the rowdy brothels of
                    tijuana
                    and a
                    rarely seen side of los angeles. rescued from turmoil by her favorite saint, esperanza embarks on a
                    journey that tests her faith, teaches her the ways of the world, and transforms her from a fervently
                    religious innocent to an independent, sexual, and passionately devout woman.
                    
                    “heaven is well staffed. esperanza has suitably grimy experiences on the slyly humorous magic
                    realism tour.” —new york times








                                            “heaven is well staffed... in this slyly humorous magic realism tour. ”
                                            
—new york times—






                                            “esperanza's road trip of self-discovery will no doubt evoke many smiles...
                                            an enchanting read that soon gets under your skin. read the book... it's
                                            real magic.”
                                            
—wall street journal—






                                            “exuberant!”
                                            
—los angeles times—






                                            “a funny, romantic road trip that explores the seedy border culture of
                                            mexico and southern california. ”
                                            
—newsweek—






                                            “an extremely likable first novel that seems destined for high visibility.
                                            smoothly and enjoyably readable throughout: a more than commendable debut. ”
                                            
—kirkus reviews—






                                            “mexican-american author escandón offers an engaging, simply written novel
                                            that traces a woman's search for her beloved 12-year-old daughter.”
                                            
—publishers weekly—






                                            “all in all, this is a book guaranteed to charm and amuse. ”
                                            
—amazon—






                                            “a highly original, beautifully written, and heartwarming tale.”
                                            
—tony hillerman—






                                            “this novel introduces us to many saints in heaven and the more
                                            interesting--struggling saints-in-the-making right here on earth. a charming
                                            and compassionate fable. ”
                                            
—carolyn see—






                                            “esperanza’s box of saints takes us on a spirited journey at once poignant
                                            and hilarious. may the saints bless the innocence and courage of esperanza
                                            díaz, the novel's inimitable hero who winds her way through the world toward
                                            independence. may the saints preserve her wit, tenacity and passion.”
                                            
—sandra benitez—






                                            “the saints in maría amparo escandón’s novel take us on a journey that
                                            explores the nature of sin and absolution, the pain of loss and the
                                            resurrection of desire. esperanza’s box of saints is an enormously
                                            compassionate work about a woman who wrestles with her own faith and emerges
                                            victorious.”
                                            
—john sayles—






                                            “esperanza, like demeter, enters the underworld in search of her daughter.
                                            but this is a contemporary hell of pimps, whores, perverse sex, and rare
                                            moments of satisfying love. a stunning commentary on religion and sex.”
                                            
—rudolph anaya—






                                            “a haunting-and hunting-tale of spiritual self-discovery wherein a searcher
                                            and the object of her search are one and the same. maria amparo escandón
                                            writes with enviable assurance and deceitful simplicity. her style is all
                                            about sight, belief, and memory. and her tale is miraculous: it has the
                                            weight of a myth and the beauty of a legend.”
                                            
—ilan stavans—






                                            “esperanza’s box of saints fills our souls with colors and flavors, but more
                                            importantly with a sense of genuine, heartfelt candor, born from true faith.
                                            with a smile on our face and a pang in our heart, we find renewed hope in
                                            esperanza's quest.”
                                            
—laura esquivel—






                                            “a sweet and entertaining novel by an inventive writer.”
                                            
—oscar hijuelos—






                                            “beyond magic realism, maría amparo escandón takes us into a fascinating
                                            world where the mystical and the mundane collide in esperanza’s desperate
                                            search for her missing daughter. amongst her extraordinary ordeal, this
                                            young devout widow’s life is transformed forever as she passes through the
                                            most bizarre brothels, from veracruz all the way to los angeles, guided by
                                            her beloved saints. disturbing and funny, offbeat and bold, esperanza’s box
                                            of saints is definitely a new landmark in latin american literature.”
                                            
—jorge ramos, anchor, univision—






                                            “here is a mexican woman’s take on the odyssean tale: a mother looking for a
                                            daughter, guided by a saint’s image on a grime-drenched glass oven door.
                                            from one bizarre, and often dangerous, encounter after another, this
                                            motherlove keeps esperanza from losing her conscience, her beauty, and the
                                            purity of her soul. i admire escandón’s telling, a seduction in itself,
                                            pulling me deeper to a heart of darkness, which is also the heart of
                                            intractable love.”
                                            
—luis rodríguez—






previous



next








                view other editions
            








gonzález & daughter trucking co.



                serving a sentence in a mexican prison, libertad gonzález finds a way to confess her crime to her fellow
                inmates with the weekly library club, reading from whatever books she can find in the prison's
                    meager
                    supply. the story that emerges, though, has nothing todo with the words printed on the pages. she
                    tells
                    of a former literature professor and fugitive of the mexican government who reinvents himself as a
                    trucker in the united states raising a baby girl on the run.
                    
                    “1,001 nights in a mexicali women’s prison. maría amparo escandón’s beautifully-written novela
                    invites
                    us
                    to do time with a population of hard-luck sisters sentenced to ponder the comedies and tragedies of
                    their
                    own lives gonzález & daughter trucking co. is about our compulsion to
                    make events into stories and
                    stories into bridges of understanding.”
                    — john sayles, author and filmmaker of “lone star”








                                            “entirely enjoyable... the novel has abundant black humor that comes across
                                            as a sly wink from the author... escandón has created such a sympathetic and
                                            attractive personality in libertad that i found myself rooting for her.”
                                            
—los angeles times—






                                            “exuberantly told, passionately felt, and at times knee-knockingly funny,
                                            gonzález & daughter trucking co. is a heart-rending look at a community of
                                            women, with a cast
                                            of characters as indelible as the marks scratched into a prison wall.”
                                            
—boston globe—






                                            “this highly readable novel is a paean both to storytelling and to freedom.
                                            ”
                                            
—booklist—






                                            “written with an efficient and delicious narrative-sense style, in which
                                            reality and fiction are mixed until normaly existing limits between the two
                                            terrirories are erased. ”
                                            
—the dallas morning news—






                                            “this breezy and witty novel is just the right nourishment for anyone
                                            looking for a quick escape and an easy, fun read. don't just watch for
                                            [escandón]. it's better to spend time pursuing her latest work... you might
                                            just find yourself having a sinfully good time.”
                                            
—hispanic magazine—






                                            “in this engaging twist on the 1,001 arabian nights, libertad gonzález
                                            enthralls her fellow inmates in a mexican women's prison by telling tales as
                                            a weekly book group... escandón, author of esperanza's box of saints,
                                            vividly describes the unorthodox prison with a wistful compassion for its
                                            convicts... libertad's stories keep her listeners—and us—so engrossed that
                                            the notion of freedom seems limited only by the imagination.”
                                            
—miami herald—






                                            “libertad gonzález mirrors her creator, maría amparo escandón, in that both
                                            are prodigious storytellers, and as readers we mirror libertad's fellow
                                            prisoners in our urgent need to know what's going to happen next. this is a
                                            warm and ingenious novel that delights from start to finish. ”
                                            
—alexander payne, director and screenwriter of sideways —






                                            “escandón has delivered us yet another work of art. this time it is a
                                            whimsical, humorous and passionate mystery that explores the love and hurt
                                            of a father and daughter on the run. libertad, a well-educated
                                            mexican-american young woman, is in a surreal prison in mexicali and no one
                                            knows why. her father is a literature professor running from a murderous
                                            past, driving his truck and changing identities all over the united states.
                                            in gonzález & daughter trucking co. freedom is a state of mind. ”
                                            
—jorge ramos, the other face of america, and univision anchor—






                                            “in this novel filled with humor and wisdom, maría amparo escandón narrates
                                            the accidental lives of a group of profoundly human characters. weaving a
                                            story where tragedy crashes with the will to live and tell, the author makes
                                            us laugh, cry and celebrate the ties that women have, even in the most
                                            difficult circumstances. ”
                                            
—gioconda belli, the country under my skin—






                                            “1,001 nights in a mexicali women’s prison. maría amparo escandón’s
                                            beautifully-written novela invites us to do time with a population of
                                            hard-luck sisters sentenced to ponder the comedies and tragedies of their
                                            own lives gonzález & daughter trucking co. is about our compulsion to make
                                            events into stories and stories into bridges of understanding. ”
                                            
—john sayles, author and filmmaker of lone star—






                                            “an ingenious retelling of scheherazade’s odyssey—but on wheels and with
                                            sabor mexicano.”
                                            
—ilan stavans, spanglish, the making of a new american language—






previous



next








                view other editions
            








carcass


                    a collection of short stories inspired by photographs that maría took of totaled, abandoned cars by
                    the
                    side of the baja roads
                




                    download stories here
                









l.a. weather



                        a nuanced and vibrant portrait of a mexican-american couple who announce their divorce after nearly forty years, upending the careful balance of the family, and forcing their three grown daughters to take a hard look at their own relationships
                    
                    l.a. is parched, dry as a bone, and all oscar, the patriarch of the mexican-american alvarado
                    family, wants is a little rain. but when twin toddlers diana and andrea almost drown in their
                    grandparents’ pool, the alvarado family’s stability threatens to go up in flames. oscar is harboring
                    a costly secret that accounts for his obsession with the weather, and his sense of helplessness is
                    turning him into the shell of the man he once was. his wife, keila, feels she has no choice but to
                    end their marriage. their three daughters--claudia, a television chef with a less than empathetic
                    attitude, olivia, a successful architect who suffers from gentrification guilt, and patricia, a
                    social media wizard who has an uncanny knack for connecting with audiences but not with her
                    lovers--will each have to take a long, hard look at their own relationships and make some tough
                    decisions.
                    

                    with her trademark wit and sense of the absurd, maría amparo escandón brings us l.a weather, an epic
                    story of intimate proportions that takes us on an often whimsical journey into the death and rebirth
                    of love. set against the backdrop of latino los angeles in the middle of the worst drought ever
                    recorded, the marriages in the alvarado family are tested and their bonds with each other bent but
                    never broken as they navigate life’s many twists and turns, coping with secrets, deception, and
                    betrayal to ultimately arrive at a surprising new order.

                    







                                            “a capacious book, chock-full of human drama... escandón’s narrative voice
                                            is often witty and warm, and her meditations on los angeles are lush and
                                            lyrical... a lively and ambitious family novel. ”
                                            
—new york times book review—






                                            “there’s a 100% chance you’ll be paging through this book to uncover the
                                            secrets and deception that could potentially burn everything down! ”
                                            
—reese witherspoon, reese’s book club—






                                            “this is by far one of the most endearing l.a. novels in recent memory.”
                                            
—publishers weekly (starred review)—






                                            “warm, witty, and funny, this novel makes the perfect, curl-up-on-the-couch
                                            long weekend read.”
                                            
—amazon book review (editors’ pick)—






                                            “enchanting.”
                                            
—oprah quarterly—






                                            “a warmhearted domestic drama with political undercurrents makes for fun
                                            reading.”
                                            
—kirkus review—






                                            “absorbing, moving, comic and tragic, l.a. weather will capture readers and
                                            never let them go.”
                                            
—shelf awareness—






                                            “a year in the life of a mexican jewish family whose problems include a
                                            near-drowning, a drought and drama galore as the marriages of the parents
                                            and all three daughters go off the rails.”
                                            
—people—






                                            “maría amparo escandón is bold. who dares to write about the weather in los
                                            angeles? unlike the warm and benign climate cliché that can so easily be
                                            ignored, the complicated richness that makes up the alvarado family can be
                                            appreciated from the first paragraph.”
                                            
—laura esquivel, author of like water for chocolate—






                                            “a phenomenal story about the mexican-american experience in l.a: fun,
                                            quirky, heart-wrenching, very human and full of soul. read it and realize
                                            how much we all share (beyond the weather). maría amparo escandón is a
                                            superb and unique observer.”
                                            
—jorge ramos, award-winning journalist and author of no borders—






                                            “take it from maría amparo escandón—it’s not always 72 and sunny in los
                                            angeles. known for her sly humor, she brings us a surprising story about
                                            family life in one of america’s most complex cities. ”
                                            
—reyna grande, author of across a hundred mountains—






                                            “there is no other voice as quick-witted and sharp as maría amparo
                                            escandón’s. in l.a. weather she displays yet again her talent for creating
                                            engaging characters who leap off the page and linger like old friends or
                                            cherished relatives. as the alvarados face shifts of tectonic proportions,
                                            escandón confronts how families test our understanding of not just
                                            ourselves, but of the very world around us.”
                                            
—alex espinoza, author of cruising: an intimate history of a radical pastime and still water saints—






                                            “messy lives of women, well told. what could be better? ”
                                            
—rodrigo garcía, writer and director of nine lives and mother and child  —






                                            “in her most ambitious, personal and mature work, maría amparo escandón
                                            recounts a single year in the life of an extended family in los angeles.
                                            funny, moving and relatable, l.a. weather is at once sprawling and fragile,
                                            a wonderful read -- one i couldn’t put down. ”
                                            
—alexander payne writer and director of sideways—






previous



next








                view other editions
            






×





›
‹









































































































×





›
‹

































































×





›
‹


























l.a. weather





esperanza’s box of saints





gonzález & daughter trucking co.





carcass














































film
santitos













santitos


            written by maría amparo escandón based on her novel esperanza’s box of
            saints, directed by alejandro springall and co-produced by independent
            filmmaker john sayles, santitos (spanish with english subtitles) was
            premiered at the sundance film festival where it won the latin american
            jury award. this film also won thirteen international film festival awards.
        


mudflap girl

            the eight-part limited television series is currently in development by the other truth
            productions. screenplay by maría amparo escandón, based on her novel gonzález &
            daughter trucking co.
                



                series teaser
            



l.a. weather

            the television series is currently in development by the other truth productions based on maría amparo
            escandón’s latest novel.
        





×












the reader
comments and questions for maría



post your comments/questions here for maría,  or contact her via instagram @mariaescandon

            if you belong to a book club requesting her participation, please include
            your meeting date for a reply in a timely fashion. some of the most
            frequently asked questions are answered in these links:
        
/ q&a for esperanza’s box
            of saints

/ q&a for gonzález & daughter
            trucking co.




name



e-mail



message


send






















×




where to buy?

                    amazon
                

                    apple books
                

                    barnes & noble
                

                    books a million
                

                    indiebound
                

                    audible
                

                    target
                










