


	royal pacific hotel | a hotel with victoria harbour, tst 



































































繁简日

en

book now


 繁 简 日 en





home


    rooms & suites
  



    dining
  



    weddings & celebrations
  



    meeting & events
  



    facilities
  



    offers
  



    insider’s guide
  




about us

gallery

hotel location / contact us











 



book now









accredited hotel of crescentrating

muslim-friendly amenities & halal dining options
muslim-friendly amenities & halal dining options









mains and desserts served on rotation

semi-buffet lunch and dinner
semi-buffet lunch and dinner






royal pacific hotel
hong kong

positioned in an enviable harbourside location, royal pacific hotel enjoys easy access to hong kong’s business and retail hubs. with views of victoria harbour, the hotel delivers convenience, comfort and connectivity to the best places to visit in hong kong.  in addition to the hotel’s perfect location being right on canton road, the fashionable address, the hotel is atop the china ferry terminal while the high speed rail, mtr station, western kowloon district and the iconic star ferry, which brings you to hong kong convention and exhibition centre in 18 minutes, are within walking distance. besides, the hotel is only 20 minutes from the kai tak sports park via the mtr tuen ma line.



contact us













insider's guide

marvel at the shimmer that surrounds you as you stay in the heart of tsim sha tsui.
more info















royal pacific hotel
china hong kong city, 33 canton road, tsim sha tsui, kowloon, hong kong
tel: +852 2736 1188fax: +852 2736 1212
contact us
sino hotels
about sino hotels careers
newsletter subscription
sign up for special offers
     



 




accessibility statementprivacy policyterms of use
@ 2024 sino hotels. all rights reserved.



 



we use cookies to improve and personalise your visit. by continuing into the site, you agree with our privacy and cookies policy.




























will i be visiting any cities, areas or countries outside of hong kong within the 14 days prior to the first day of my arrival/stay?
please note our check-in policy:
we are closely monitoring the latest global development of covid-19 to exercise the following guidelines and advices from the local authorities to ensure our guests and colleagues a safe and healthy environment, as the well-being of all at our hotels takes precedence.
it is mandatory for all guests to complete a health and travel declaration form upon check-in
check-in procedure will not proceed for guests who declare they have had contact with a confirmed case of covid-19 or persons infected with symptoms of acute respiratory illness or have resided in or visited any buildings with confirmed covid-19 cases in the 14 days prior to arrival


yes
no





i hereby declare that the above information provided by me is accurate and true.



i shall be fully responsible for the accuracy and truthfulness of the information so given herein and shall keep the hotel  indemnified against all claims, costs, loss and damages which the hotel may suffer as a result of my default, neglect or omission and any false information so given by me herein.

please acknowledge the above to continue.

my email address:




please use the same email address for your booking to be confirmed
the email address is invalid


                    continue
                



            thank you for your booking enquiry. we apologise that the booking procedure cannot be completed as the hotel reserves the discretion in booking upon review of the health and travel declaration to ensure a safe and healthy environment for all. thank you for your understanding.
        






