  transform your workforce | career partners international  
englishespañolnederlandsfrançais中文 (简体)deutschnorskportuguêsрусскийlocationslocation listservicesoutplacementcareer managementexecutive coachingleadership developmentretirement optionsnews/insightsaboutcompany overviewboard of managersglobal leadership teambecome a partnernet promoter scorevisioncontact us
   
login

homelocationsservicesnews/insightsaboutcontact usour servicesfast track your career to the next levelwatch videooutplacement and career transitionwhen organizational changes necessitate workforce transitions, cpi provides unparalleled outplacement services. our approach ensures a supportive and compassionate experience for departing employees.read morecareer managementan engaged workforce leads to lower turnover rates and improved stability within an organization. cpi provides career management services for organizations looking to improve employee performance, skills, and career satisfaction.learn moreexecutive coachingcpi provides various types of executive coaching, all centered around developing and empowering an organization’s leadership team. these include: high-potential coaching, targeted performance coaching, new leader coaching, leadership team coaching.read moreleadership developmentcpi's effective leadership development provides a range of proven strategies to help your current and future leaders align their goals and strengths with the organization’s objectives. these customized programs deliver measurable results with improved work performance, team building, and competency modeling.learn moreretirement optionscharting the course to a worry-free retirement.learn moreservices:outplacementcareer managementexecutive coachingleadership developmentretirement optionsservices:outplacementcareer managementexecutive coachingleadership developmentretirement optionssuccessful businesses today employ a strategic approach to their talent management and strategy. as a leading hr consulting company, career partners international acts as a dedicated partner to firms navigating the changing complexities of the modern workplace.we provide a suite of services to optimize firms’ success. with a global presence spanning over 300 locations, we are one of the leading consultancies in the world, providing services such as outplacement, career management, executive coaching, and leadership development.working with cpiglobal impactwith over 300 locations worldwide, we bring world-class hr consulting agency services to your doorstep. our extensive reach ensures our local consultants understand and have direct experience with the challenges and opportunities of your region.
our locationsproven resultscpi boasts the industry's best coach-to-participant ratio, ensuring a focused and personalized approach for each individual. our commitment to quick re-employment at equal or greater compensation is the best in the industry, reflecting our dedication to discernible outcomes.
our servicesour services
outplacement and career transition
+
when organizational changes necessitate workforce transitions, cpi provides unparalleled outplacement services. our approach ensures a supportive and compassionate experience for departing employees.the industry’s fastest program to re-employmenthighest satisfaction rating in the industryindustry’s best coach-to-participant ratiomobile-friendly tools for anytime/anywhere coaching from any device
learn more
executive coaching
+
cpi provides various types of executive coaching, all centered around developing and empowering an organization’s leadership team. these include:high-potential coachingtargeted performance coachingnew leader coachingleadership team coaching
learn more
leadership development
+
cpi's effective leadership development provides a range of proven strategies to help your current and future leaders align their goals and strengths with the organization’s objectives. these customized programs deliver measurable results with improved work performance, team building, and competency modeling.strategic programs to enhance leadership capabilities.positive impact on diversity and inclusion efforts.new leader coachingincreased collaboration, teamwork, and creativity.
learn more
career management
+
an engaged workforce leads to lower turnover rates and improved stability within an organization. cpi provides career management services for organizations looking to improve employee performance, skills, and career satisfaction.personalized career goals and plans.individual, team, and organizational assessmentsproactive solutions for workforce engagement.reduction of unwanted turnover through strategic engagement strategies.
learn moreabout usas one of the leading hr consulting firms globally, our consultants and coaches bring a wealth of experience and expertise to businesses of all sizes. we act as your guide, linking human capital strategies to the ever-evolving needs of organizations.our approachat cpi, we embrace a collaborative, cutting-edge approach to consulting. we value our relationships with our clients and recognize each individual and organizational challenge as unique. we focus on accelerating growth today while securing value for a better tomorrow.
learn morehow outplacement consulting supports displaced employeesread moreretirement done right: 5 ways to support employees and employers read morefrom board to the boardroom: supplemental career management with elearningread moreactive listening: a guide to resolving workplace conflictread morethe importance of effective leadership for organizational successread moreis your institutional knowledge disappearing with your retirees?read moreconnect with usas your chosen hr consulting company, we invite you to contact us to learn more about our comprehensive consulting services. our market experts provide a focused and personalized approach to create the best outcome possible for your organization. we do more than follow trends - we set the industry standard.welcome to a new type of consulting – welcome to career partners international.











		

 servicesoutplacementcareer managementexecutive coachingleadership developmentimmediate individual helpretirement optionsnews/insightsaboutcompany overviewboard of managersglobal leadership teambecome a partnernet promoter scorevisionconnect with uslocationslocation list
© copyright 2025, career partners international| privacy statement | terms of use          



