



 


 

fleenor security




























































































































skip to content



your_skypepay your bill top barfollow us
facebook page opens in new windowtwitter page opens in new window
search:










fleenor security
fleenor security
(423) 282-37553104 hanover road  johnson city, tn 37604(865) 544-9964
10446 cogdill rd knoxville, tn 37932


home for homesmart home security fire protection central vacuum camera systems environmental monitoring wireless monitoring local central station  for businessbusiness security fire alarm systems camera systems data/network cabling access control healthcare solutions wireless monitoring local central station environmental monitoring  customer carecontact us online bill payment customer service forms remote customer support system manuals how to test your system  aboutwhy choose fleenor? meet our team certifications career opportunities testimonials company history  blog 




 
home for homesmart home security fire protection central vacuum camera systems environmental monitoring wireless monitoring local central station  for businessbusiness security fire alarm systems camera systems data/network cabling access control healthcare solutions wireless monitoring local central station environmental monitoring  customer carecontact us online bill payment customer service forms remote customer support system manuals how to test your system  aboutwhy choose fleenor? meet our team certifications career opportunities testimonials company history  blog 

















call johnson city 
call knoxville 
 



call johnson city 
call knoxville 
serving businessesfor over 44 years. 
 



simple. smart. security. 
monitoring
starting at
$18/month 
call johnson city 
call knoxville 
 



protecting what matters to you. 
call johnson city 
call knoxville 
protecting what matters to you. 
 














request a free system quote
fill out the form and a fleenor representative will contact you shortly at the number provided.


name- first and last**

first

phone*email*
zip*


zip / postal code

business namerequest type*
home


business
by clicking request a quote below, you agree to receive calls and texts from fleenor securityrecaptcha
 





























 what our customers are saying
your installers were helpful beyond expectations, and your salesperson spent two hours with us to walk through, step-by-step, the operation and testing of the system to ensure that we were comfortable with its use.
j.p., kingsport it has been great doing business with you; all aspects of the installation and service have been wonderful. i would recommend your company to anyone.
h.m., johnson city i can't remember a group of people more pleasant, easier to work with, and more efficient. your service technician diagnosed the problem and corrected it quickly. you have a great group which obviously contributes to your successful business and good reputation.
h.r., bristol va your installers were very polite and careful; we felt very comfortable having them in our home and left their work areas cleaner than they found them!
b.h., erwin due to your employee's attention to detail, and exemplary professionalism, she literally saved the life of one of our employees.
t.a., johnson city memo to tri-cities store managers: "corporate asks that you continue to use fleenor security for services as they are the best in the area for security issues."
r.s., elizabethton our process
everything we do to protect everything that matters to you.
1) assess needsread “assessing your security and safety needs before investing in an alarm system”
2) onsite visitrequest visit with a security professional and review your needs.
3) installationprofessional and experienced installers
4) trainingquality assurance training and hands-on information packet upon installation
5) follow-upweekly tests for monitoring communication and continued support through newsletters and social media
6) online bill paytrack services and bills online
sign up for our email newsletter and stay up to date with all of the latest security technology!


first name*last name*email*
recaptcha
 

what’s new
 check out the latest technology!






video doorbell




skybell is a smart video doorbell that allows you to see, hear, and speak to the visitor at your door whether you’re at home, at work, or on the go.








door locks




we offer a full range of door access control products for your home or business ranging from a single door solution to something as complex as a manufacturing plant with hundreds of doors.








monitored video




fleenor security now offers monitored video systems using the latest in video analytics so we can keep an eye on the things that matter most.








video cameras




we offer a variety of video detection systems for both internal and external needs including wired or wireless camera capabilities along with digital recording and power supply options.








remote apps




with our remote services, you have real-time alerts, gps vehicle and asset tracking, video viewing, and mobile control all in the palm of your hand. 








fastbell




fastbell is a high security wireless network offering high speed central station/home security system communication wirelessly independent of landline and wireless communication providers.


  













home privacy security & terms contact us bottomlicense #'s tn c-0239, va 11-1901, nc 1721-csa






go to top

















































 






































