


 





ride the trolley - shelburne falls trolley museum









shelburne falls trolley museum










schedule-
tickets-
groups,parties & charters-
events-
directions and contacts-
membership-
donations-
our sponsors-
join our crew-
training days-
things to do inshelburne falls-
other family activities-
new carbarnand extension-
our rolling stock-
transfernewsletter-
our buildings-
rack card.pdf-
instant motorman-
history-
pictures-
movies and radio-
early sftm newsletters-
organization-
links, local information-
onlinesftm store-





the shelburne falls trolley museum, in shelburne falls, massachusetts, is a fun day of trolley car rides, pump car rides and more for the entire family!







we brought the trolley parlor car "berkshire hills" back to western massachusetts, and we could use more donations to restore her to her original elegance.see here for a progress report.



-want to volunteer at sftm?we'd love to have you join our crew.



visit our operating museum, located near the historic bridge of flowers and the "glacial" potholes in the village of shelburne falls.
you can take a ride on trolley no. 10 and our old fashioned pump car (not suitable for small children).  in our visitors center you can play with wooden and electric trains (suitable for children of all ages), browse historical photos from the time of trolleys and purchase trolley and railroad related items in our trolleyshop gift shop. 
outside you can climb into our big red caboose, and afterwards stroll among the artisan shops, galleries and restaurants in shelburne falls.

the shelburne falls trolley museum is dedicated to preserving and operating shelburne falls & colrain street railway
trolley car no. 10. this car was built by wason manufacturing co. in springfield ma in 1896. it was delivered new to shelburne falls and has
never left the valley. for thirty years it served its namesake towns. for twenty years it crossed the deerfield river on what is now the
famous bridge of flowers. saved by a local farmer, it spent sixty-five years as a chicken coop, tool shed and play house.
now, through
the efforts of the shelburne falls trolley museum, you can ride it in the same freight yard where it used to load
and unload passengers, apples, mail, milk and other freight, one hundred years ago.




	the bridge of flowers, built in 1908 to carry trolley cars.
 




            no. 10 pre-1908





as a chicken coop 1991





            restored and running 1999











we have a collection of railroad and trolley artifacts and pictures, as well as an 
ex-central vermont caboose, the trolley parlor car "berkshire hills" and several other pieces of rolling stock.  
run wooden and electric model and toy trains in the kids corner.  
you can also often ride on our antique pump car (not suitable for small children).  
our visitors center and restrooms are wheelchair-accessible, as is the trolley car.
the museum is an all-volunteer, non-profit organization, funded by 
memberships and donations, and is open to the public during regular hours and also for 
parties and field trips. we also appreciate donations of railroad and trolley artifacts.




operating schedule.
be an "instant motorman".
a little sf&c st ry history, a drawing of the car, a time table
and a map.
photo gallery restoration, new arrivals, trolleyfest, car 10 running.
the culture corner, some trolley poems and songs.
join the shelburne falls trolley museum, membership forms and benefits.
links to other related sites.
in memory of past members, dave bartlett, polly bartlett, john greene and larry krusz.
news pages from the early days of sftm (1996 and on).
contact the shelburne falls trolley museum phone, fax, e-mail, mail, driving directions.





i took my granddaughters, age 5 and 7, to the trolley museum  
today.  they had a blast.  so did my poochie and i.  we did it all -  
rode the trolley, climbed around inside the caboose, pumped  
the hand car, and the girls had a good ole time running the trains  
(or moving the brio ones) as i looked at photos.  plus we all enjoyed  
the historical descriptions and anecdotes.  lilly, the almost-8-year-old, confessed  
to me as we were riding on the trolley and she'd just pulled the bell  
cord that she hadn't really wanted to come to the trolley museum.  "i  
thought we'd just climb up some stairs and look and look at things  
and then climb some more stairs and look and look at more things -  
like we did at moma when daddy took us to new york. i like this a  
lot more than moma." so much for art.











schedule

closed until memorial day weekend 2025
-

















 



 


use of the information, text and images on this site is permitted as long as the words
"shelburne falls trolley museum" are in the caption, and the photo and/or text are properly credited.



to report any problems with these pages, please email 
trolley@sftm.org. 




