







woodstock | 103 stokes croft























toggle navigation








0117 924 6491 




home

our furniture

all

bedroom
dining room
lounge

 kitchens

how we make our furniture

contact us






designed & made
in britain



































we make 
        furniture
      






ã—close
finish selection



                            paint selection click on image to get full range











                          
                            press esc to leave
                          
                        































 
 
 




welcome to woodstock

            we are a bristol based bespoke furniture makers established in 1989.
            
            over the years we have earned a reputation for high quality furniture and superb customer service.
            
            we have a very high rate of returning clients and recommendations.
          

 



            our workshop is uk based and we pride ourselves in selling affordable furniture. from order to delivery our furniture is usually completed within 3-4 weeks.
          

            a large percentage of our clients prefer reclaimed timber. reclaimed timber has distinct characteristics and colour when combined with our beautiful wax finish.
          

            when our clients require a painted finish we prefer to use new timber, this is kiln dried sustainable scandinavian redwood, a type of pine. 
          

            we offer an extensive range of colours including paints from farrow & ball, dulux and fired earth. this choice offers an outstanding selection of paint which will enhance and compliment your home.
          

            our selection process ensures we use the finest reclaimed timber which has aged and seasoned often being over 150 years old. here at woodstock we aim to provide a high quality product in sustainable timber that is environmentally sensitive.
          

 read customer reviews on our google business listing





mark gilfellan
woodstock manager


 




              do feel free to contact us if you have any questions or queries.
            




email mark



0117 924 6491



 

 















 

copyright 2015 woodstock. 

created by: julien vallet
 











