



























































lewis county news | nny360.com
              



























skip to main content









facebook





twitter





instagram

















site search





search










                        sign up
                    


                        log in
                    







                            dashboard
                        



                            logout
                        








my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        












news


jefferson county

lewis county

st. lawrence county

oswego county

fort drum

crime & law

government

nation and world

state news

newsletters

police blotters


obituaries





sports


fisu world university games

high school sports

section10

frontier league

all-north coverage

wolves

rapids

red and black

recreational sports

college sports

pro sports

columns




arts and life


food and drink

family and relations

arts and entertainment

home and garden

books and authors

local history

calendar

announcement forms




opinion


editorials

letters

columns

submit a letter

polls




photo and video


daily photo

photo of the month

historical photos

videos

photos & plaques for sale




community news


agriculture

business

education

achievers

community giving

community notes

press releases

allens alley

faith perspectives

health matters

man vs. machine

pets

state and assembly reports




ads


classifieds

nny jobs

nny auto finder

nny real estate

content from samaritan medical center




archives


nny newspapers archives




watertown daily times eedition


desktop eedition

ios app

android app




more nny publications


malone telegram

nny business

nny living




more info & site features


about us

contact us

terms of use

privacy policy

home delivery

subscription services

submission forms

newsletters

photos & plaques for sale

site search

rss feed


report a delivery issue

















about


contact


subscribe


eedition


events




advertising


place an ad


place a legal notice


classified ads


jobs


autos


real estate


submit news tip


report delivery issue




                        sign up
                    


                        log in
                    







                            dashboard
                        



                            logout
                        








my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        


















powered by watertown daily times andnorthern new york newspapers









21°
 











                                
                                    watertown, ny
                                
                                (13601)
today
snow. snow will be heavy at times this morning. some mixed winter precipitation possible. high near 30f. winds ne at 15 to 25 mph. chance of snow 100%. 8 to 12 inches of snow expected..
                                
tonight
snow this evening will give way to lingering snow showers late. low 8f. winds wnw at 10 to 20 mph. chance of snow 80%. 1 to 3 inches of snow expected.
 updated: february 16, 2025 @ 5:47 am



 full forecast



















site search




search





















menu























                                                        search
                                                    

















jefferson


fort drum


st. lawrence


lewis


oswego


obituaries


submit an obituary


eedition














photo sales


























home




news



lewis county news







                
                lewis county news
                
                    




















        

        
            encompass exceptional basketball — more than just a game

copenhagen — for the third year, encompass recreation partnered with the 2022 section iii, class d state champions from copenhagen central school for the exceptional basketball game.  read more ⇒encompass exceptional basketball — more than just a game





















        

        
            gratitude in leadership presentation is thursday in lowville



















        

        
            brantingham winterfest this weekend






















        

        
            jcc survey finds north country views similar to rest of nation

watertown — the noon rotary club got a deeper look wednesday at results from the most recent survey by jefferson community college’s center for community studies.  read more ⇒jcc survey finds north country views similar to rest of nation


















        

        
            hydrostor, canadian energy company, looking to build $1 billion cutting-edge facility in lewis county

an advanced form of long-term energy storage, capable of putting power onto the electrical grid for more than eight hours at a time, could come to lewis county in the near future.  read more ⇒hydrostor, canadian energy company, looking to build $1 billion cutting-edge facility in lewis county


















        

        
            readers share their photos of the snowiest place in the u.s.

by the end of january, 257 inches of snow had fallen in copenhagen.  read more ⇒readers share their photos of the snowiest place in the u.s.


















        

        
            calf scholarship award program applicants sought

lowville — applications are now being accepted for the calf scholarship award program, sponsored by the lewis county dairy industry building. the purpose of the program is to encourage involvement with registered dairy cattle or purebred beef in lewis county. calves will be awarded to the ap… read more ⇒calf scholarship award program applicants sought


















        

        
            new bremen planning board sets special meeting

new bremen — the town of new bremen planning board will hold a special meeting at 6 p.m. thursday at the town municipal building, 8420 state route 812, to discuss the site plan review application for new life fellowship for construction of a new pavilion.  read more ⇒new bremen planning board sets special meeting


















        

        
            beaver river capital project passes

beaver falls — residents of the beaver river central school district voted in favor of all three propositions for facility improvements to enhance infrastructure and make facility improvements during the rescheduled vote wednesday.  read more ⇒beaver river capital project passes


















        

        
            two benefits planned in memory of 5-year-old silas moser

two benefits are being planned in memory of silas moser, the 5-year-old boy who recently died in a farm accident.  read more ⇒two benefits planned in memory of 5-year-old silas moser


















        

        
            lyons falls sets public hearing on overriding tax levy limit

lyons falls — the village board of trustees will hold a public hearing concerning the local law to authorize overriding the 2% tax levy limit and other village business at 6 p.m. monday, march 3, at the village office, 4059 cherry st.  read more ⇒lyons falls sets public hearing on overriding tax levy limit


















        

        
            lowville’s double play community center reflects on ‘a year of growth’

lowville — reflecting on the past year, a spokesperson for double play community center described 2024 as “a year of growth, community and strength.”  read more ⇒lowville’s double play community center reflects on ‘a year of growth’


















        

        
            constableville community pavilion to see improvements through sawyer community fund grant

constableville — several improvements will be made at the constableville community pavilion through an $8,000 grant from the kenneth v. and jeannette remp sawyer community fund of the northern new york community foundation.  read more ⇒constableville community pavilion to see improvements through sawyer community fund grant


















        

        
            nominations for croghan citizens of the year sought

croghan — the croghan lions club is once again preparing to recognize one adult and one student as their 2025 “citizens of the year.”  read more ⇒nominations for croghan citizens of the year sought


















        

        
            heart month presentations set at senior meal sites

lowville — the lewis county office for the aging is offering heart month presentations at its meal sites throughout february.  read more ⇒heart month presentations set at senior meal sites


















        

        
            budget meeting set

lyons falls — the village board of trustees will conduct a meeting to discuss the budge and other village business at 6 p.m. monday in the village office 4059 cherry st.  read more ⇒budget meeting set


















        

        
            the snowiest  populated place in the u.s. is in lewis county

copenhagen — this little lewis county village has done it again: it’s the snowiest populated place in the united states this year.  read more ⇒the snowiest  populated place in the u.s. is in lewis county


















        

        
            nrcil to host bus trip to albany for advocacy day

lowville — in preparation for the upcoming new york association on independent living (nyail) advocacy day in albany on feb. 11, northern regional center for independent living (nrcil) will host two informational days.  read more ⇒nrcil to host bus trip to albany for advocacy day


















        

        
            democrats pick lisbon’s gendebien as their candidate in ny-21 race

the democratic party in new york’s 21st district has selected blake gendebien, a st. lawrence county dairy farmer and small business owner, as its nominee in the race to replace congresswoman elise m. stefanik.  read more ⇒democrats pick lisbon’s gendebien as their candidate in ny-21 race


















        

        
            snow sculptors in the spotlight

watertown — when the awards were given out for the snowtown usa snow sculpting competition, brothers joshua and derrick holland along with derrick reynolds came in first for their blue heron sculpture. they were given the artist award.  read more ⇒snow sculptors in the spotlight


















        

        
            property tax exemption forums offered

there will be a series of forums for senior citizens to gauge eligibility for property tax exemption.  read more ⇒property tax exemption forums offered


















        

        
            salmon appointed as lowville mayor upon beagle’s resignation

lowville — with the jan. 31 resignation of joseph beagle as village mayor, danny salmon was appointed to lead the village during a special meeting monday .  read more ⇒salmon appointed as lowville mayor upon beagle’s resignation


















        

        
            nrcil to host bus trip to albany for advocacy day

lowville — in preparation for the upcoming new york association on independent living (nyail) advocacy day in albany on feb. 11, northern regional center for independent living (nrcil) will host two informational days.  read more ⇒nrcil to host bus trip to albany for advocacy day


















        

        
            albany democrats consider changing special election schedule, could push vote on stefanik replacement to late june

albany — new york’s democratic-controlled legislature is considering making a change to the timeline for special elections, and has discussed passing a bill shortly that would aim to combine the expected special election for the 21st congressional district with the party primary elections in june.  read more ⇒albany democrats consider changing special election schedule, could push vote on stefanik replacement to late june


















        

        
            maple producers dinner and talk set

lowville — cornell cooperative extension of lewis county is hosting a pre-season planning talk and dinner for maple syrup producers from 6 to 9 p.m. friday at the lewis county education center, 7395 east road.  read more ⇒maple producers dinner and talk set


















        

        
            brown’s plumbing & heating transitions ownership

lowville — naturally lewis inc. has announced the transition of brown’s plumbing and heating, a family business founded by william c. brown in 1915, which officially closed its doors on dec. 27. ending an incredible 170-year legacy, brown’s plumbing and heating will transition into two busin… read more ⇒brown’s plumbing & heating transitions ownership


















        

        
            give ffa day is feb. 20

give ffa day campaign is feb. 20.  read more ⇒give ffa day is feb. 20


















        

        
            a ‘real’ mid-winter stretch puts chill on nny

watertown — the beginning of february brings no respite from a lengthy stretch of cold, snow and ice and if you are searching the gray horizon for relief, don’t glance at the 10-day forecast, which is heavy on a messy “frozen mix.”  read more ⇒a ‘real’ mid-winter stretch puts chill on nny


















        

        
            lowville academy to present ‘into the woods’

lowville — the cast of the upcoming lowville academy high school productions will go “into the woods.”  read more ⇒lowville academy to present ‘into the woods’


















        

        
            lowville man’s double-murder conviction reversed; alleged arsonist granted new trial

lowville — a state appellate court has unanimously reversed the double-murder conviction of a lowville man found guilty at trial of setting a fire on south state street in which two women died in 2019, with a new trial ordered.  read more ⇒lowville man’s double-murder conviction reversed; alleged arsonist granted new trial


















        

        
            lead council launches third “canstruction” competition

watertown — the lead council of the northern new york community foundation is inviting students at tri-county schools and organized student groups in jefferson, lewis and st. lawrence counties to participate in a project to help reduce food insecurity across the north country.  read more ⇒lead council launches third “canstruction” competition


















        

        
            trump reverses course on blocking federal grants, loans, signals pause may come again soon

a planned freeze on federal payments to nonprofits, small businesses and other organizations appears to have been reversed on wednesday, after widespread alarm and calls for reversals from democrats and the people who rely on those federal dollars to run programs in communities across the country.  read more ⇒trump reverses course on blocking federal grants, loans, signals pause may come again soon


















        

        
            dec officer frees hawk trapped in lowville grocery store

lowville — a state department of environmental conservation officer recently rescued a hawk that had found its way into a deli at a lowville grocery store.  read more ⇒dec officer frees hawk trapped in lowville grocery store


















        

        
            hochul touts $100 million in grant funding for pro-housing communities, millions bound for north country

gov. kathleen c. hochul continued her commitment to pushing state dollars to communities that vow to build more housing, and on tuesday announced over $100 million in grants for communities from massena to manhattan.  read more ⇒hochul touts $100 million in grant funding for pro-housing communities, millions bound for north country


















        

        
            lewis county dmv services return after outage

lowville — early tuesday, lewis county clerk jake moser reported, “state equipment has been installed and all services have returned.”  read more ⇒lewis county dmv services return after outage


















        

        
            tri-county unemployment rates drop in december compared to year ago

watertown — unemployment rates in the tri-county improved by about a full percent point in december compared to the same month in 2023.  read more ⇒tri-county unemployment rates drop in december compared to year ago


















        

        
            retiring dpao director ready to cultivate her retirement skills

watertown — gardening is one of the several hobbies enjoyed by cynthia l. fitzpatrick, so you may now excuse her if her thoughts on these blustery winter days drift to warmer weather and ground plans for her spring plants.  read more ⇒retiring dpao director ready to cultivate her retirement skills


















        

        
            national grange youth ambassador from lowville reflects on his term

lowville — reflecting on the past year as national grange youth ambassador, garrett phelps posted on facebook, “it was a year filled with growth, adventures, a lot of firsts, and most of all fun.”  read more ⇒national grange youth ambassador from lowville reflects on his term


















        

        
            5-year-old carthage boy dies after hay bale falls on him

croghan — state police say that a 5-year-old carthage boy was killed sunday when a hay bale fell on top of him.  read more ⇒5-year-old carthage boy dies after hay bale falls on him


















        

        
            several schools dismissing early monday due to expected high winds

watertown — expected high winds have several north country schools, including those in the watertown city school district, to dismiss students early monday.  read more ⇒several schools dismissing early monday due to expected high winds


















        

        
            lewis county hospital auxiliary seeks scholarship applicants

lowville — applications for the 2025 molly pitcher lewis memorial scholarships are available in the guidance offices of all area schools and the human resources office at lewis county general hospital.  read more ⇒lewis county hospital auxiliary seeks scholarship applicants


















        

        
            third highest 800 series rolled at kofc alleys in croghan

croghan — after bowling for a little more than a decade, a local bowler has achieved a bowling milestone — an 800 series.  read more ⇒third highest 800 series rolled at kofc alleys in croghan


















        

        
            lowville hospital celebrates new certified nursing assistants

lowville — lewis county health system hosted a celebratory graduation on jan. 7 for students from the most recent certified nursing assistant (cna) program.  read more ⇒lowville hospital celebrates new certified nursing assistants


















        

        
            lewis county health system welcomes new chief compliance officer

lowville — lewis county health system is welcoming jennifer wendel as corporate compliance officer and director of operations.  read more ⇒lewis county health system welcomes new chief compliance officer


















        

        
            lewis county dmv experiencing outage

lowville — the lewis county department of motor vehicles has been without a functioning state network since tuesday.  read more ⇒lewis county dmv experiencing outage


















        

        
            ‘wildlife passability’ among topics at 36th winter environmental conference saturday

clayton — for the past two summers, katherine cleary, suny potsdam assistant professor of environment and sustainability, along with a small group of college students took to their bicycles with a mission of documenting roadkill.  read more ⇒‘wildlife passability’ among topics at 36th winter environmental conference saturday


















        

        
            adams, barnes corners are the north country’s snowiest places from latest lake-effect storm

watertown — no place in the north country got more snow than adams during the latest round of lake-effect snow in the region.  read more ⇒adams, barnes corners are the north country’s snowiest places from latest lake-effect storm


















        

        
            cook-off to help fund harrisville senior trip

harrisville — the harrisville central school senior class is holding a tastes of home comfort food competition to raise funds for their senior trip.  read more ⇒cook-off to help fund harrisville senior trip


















        

        
            north country buried in snow again

watertown — portions of the north country were blanketed by feet of snow tuesday after another round of lake-effect pelted the area.  read more ⇒north country buried in snow again


















        

        
            grain bin safety to be discussed

lowville — cornell cooperative extension of lewis county, in cooperation with cargill and the new york center for agricultural medicine and health, will host erik merrell, agricultural safety educator, for a workshop.  read more ⇒grain bin safety to be discussed


















        

        
            travel advisories issued for lewis, jefferson counties due to lake effect, state of emergency declared

watertown — the lewis county sheriff’s office has issued a no unnecessary travel advisory due to ongoing lake effect snow, while the jefferson county sheriff’s office has issued a travel advisory.  read more ⇒travel advisories issued for lewis, jefferson counties due to lake effect, state of emergency declared


















        

        
            lewis county youth bureau initiative aids homeless

lowville — each year lewis county youth bureau organizes the homeless christmas tree initiative, asking the public to donate items for the homeless and those in need within lewis county who are without, especially during the winter season.  read more ⇒lewis county youth bureau initiative aids homeless


















        

        
            carthage grad completes 50 miler

carthage — a 2018 carthage central high school graduate recently completed the 50 mile “crooked creek marathon” in kentucky.  read more ⇒carthage grad completes 50 miler























                
                latest news
                
            






        

        
            high school girls basketball: general brown ousts indian river to claim fl division playoff title, lafargeville, sandy creek repeat as champions



        

        
            high school basketball: south jefferson triumphs over lowville to claim the division playoff championship



        

        
            man shot to death in grocery store parking lot in oswego county, troopers say



        

        
            local pro hockey: wolves strike for three shorthanded goals to defeat rockers



        

        
            documentary explores devastating sea lampreys of great lakes



        

        
            high school boys basketball: top-seeded beaver river, sackets harbor capture frontier league tournament titles



        

        
            it’s been a good season for snowmobiling; nny dealer talks about ‘banner year’



        

        
            off-duty pamelia fire captain, in right place at right time, saves trapped family





                
                most popular
                
            








        

        
            schumer on anniversary of 10th mountain’s reactivation: division’s significance transcends the battlefield



        

        
            off-duty pamelia fire captain, in right place at right time, saves trapped family



        

        
            high school boys basketball: top-seeded beaver river, sackets harbor capture frontier league tournament titles



        

        
            man shot to death in grocery store parking lot in oswego county, troopers say



        

        
            documentary explores devastating sea lampreys of great lakes

















































                
                sections
                
            



 home


news


obituaries


sports


arts and life


opinion


podcasts


photo & video


community news


ads


online features





                
                services
                
            



subscription services


submission forms


classifieds


place an ad


calendar


email alerts


search


weather


photos & plaques for sale





                
                contact information
                
            


nny360
    260 washington street
    watertown, ny 13601
    
phone: (315) 782-1000
email: circulation@wdt.net
















×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox










© copyright 2025
nny360
260 washington street, watertown, ny

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.






























