




high quality bounder power wheelchairs





























 
































(800)
                    448-3680













home


products


literature


photos & video



contact us










(800)
            448-3680





bounder power wheelchair














high performance


top speeds up to 8.5 mph
extremely durable
very maneuverable




learn
                            more speed
                                details















off-road capability


improved traction
greater comfort
excellent battery range



learn more  offroad
                            details










                                    bounder

                                    power wheelchairs
                                

















choose your bounder model








bounder 300power wheelchair
extremely durable & fast! top speeds up to 8.5 mph. designed for
                        the
                        active power chair user.  more
                            information bounder 300 details 







bounder 450power wheelchair
a heavy duty version of the bounder for users up to 450 lb. top speeds of
                        8.0 mph available.  more information
                            bounder 450 details








big bounder 600power
                            wheelchair
custom built power chair for bariatric users up to 600 lb. more information big bounder 600 details







big bounder 1000power
                            wheelchair
custom built power chair for bariatric users up to 1000 lb. more information big bounder 1000 details







stay active and enjoy the ride
21st century scientific, inc. has built quality products since 1979 with a focus on enhancing
                            the lifestyle of the power wheelchair user. whether a person is looking
                            for high performance, extreme durability or all terrain capability, our goal is to provide a
                            chair that allows people to stay active and enjoy life. we at
                            21st century scientific, inc. focus on meeting the specific needs of each user. we do this
                            by working closely with the dealer, therapist and user, as needed,
                            while we custom fabricate each power chair.
bounder power chairs are "made in the usa" in coeur d'alene, idaho. all bounders feature
                            steel tig welded frames, rugged gearless motors, high output electronics
                            plus much more that ensure that they provide many years of reliable service. the bounder is
                            known in the industry for being one of the most durable power wheelchairs
                            on the market. quite simply the bounder is built to last.
look through our website and explore the many options available. then give us a call or send
                            us an email. we will be happy to answer any questions you might have. don't
                            wait - get a free quote today so that you can start enjoying your very own bounder.















visit eye-to-eye

learn more  pse
                                details








independent review of the bounder power wheelchair
                            
want to learn more about key features and options of the bounder
                                power wheelchair? check out this independent review of the bounder in the 2022 power
                                wheelchair comparison series sponsored and published by the christopher & dana reeve
                                foundation in partnership with gold pictures.























ant lift
looking for a heavy duty power wheelchair lift? the ant lift has an
                            800 lb capacity. it is a great choice for lifting even the heaviest power wheelchair.
                            this dual arm lift can be installed in the bed of a pickup truck and can be used to
                            transport your new bounder. learn
                                more ant lift details







have questions? click below.


contact us 

 





cookie consent
cookies help us to deliver the best experience on our website. by using our website, you
            agree to the use of
            cookies. privacy policy

customize
accept
                all
reject
                all






x
privacy overview
we care about your privacy. our site uses essential cookies for functionality, and we gather minimal data for
            analytics. we don't store personal information, and you can manage your cookie preferences. for details,
            check our privacy policy. your trust matters.
        




            strictly necessary
always enabled


                these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
                they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services,
                such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms.
            




            functional
        







we use a set of cookies that are optional for the website to function. they are usually
                only set in
                response to information provided to the website to personalize and optimize your experience as well
                as remember your chat history.



 analytics








                these cookies help us to understand how visitors engage with the website. we may use a set of
                cookies to collect information and report site usage statistics. in addition to reporting site usage
                statistics, data collected may also be used, together with some of the advertising cookies
                described, to help show more relevant ads across the web and to measure interactions with the ads we
                show.

            



accept
            all
accept selected
        
















quality mobility products since 1979


menu


home


products


literature


photos & video




quick links


contact us


about us


options


accessories




social links












no pictures or graphics on this website may be used without permission of 21st century
                        scientific, inc.
privacy policy | terms of service |
                        customize
                            cookies








 




























