








impulse trading company











 works of richard gormanall contents ©richard j. gorman 2007 - 2028

 







the fountain pen impulse
back in the 1980's, at a peddler's fair in
  sacramento, an old cigar box full of vintage pens inspired richard to begin collecting,
  then restoring. in 2013 the impulse
  trading company was reincarnated as an etsy
  shop, specializing in restored vintage pens. recently, richard has added
  vintage western hand-crafted jewelry, mostly bolo ties... keeping true to the
  sign on the shop on 19th street in sacramento: "antiques &
  handcrafts".







the leatherwork impulse
richard
  first began crafting leather when he was a teenager. in the '70's, it was his
  livelihood. today, it is still a serious hobby in its own way. some later
  works can be seen here. and a hand-laced pen case shows up in the etsy shop from time to time 







the wildflower impulse
the south yuba
  river citizens league (called
  "circle") is the river keepers organization where richard lives. he
  was a volunteer river monitor
  for nearly 10 years and his team made a monthly hike, year around, to a
  specific location in the watershed, to do observations, take and test water
  samples, and report out. his interest in wildflowers was born of this work.








the ancestry impulse
in 1996, frustration at not being able to
  trace his gorman ancestry backwards, led richard to trace the origin of the
  gorman name forward. what resulted was this essay which, since it was
  re-posted to the web in 2003, has been visited nearly 10,000 times, and has
  generated a lot of correspondence. a mix of fact, legend, and fancy, it comes
  up number 1 or 2 if you google "gorman coat of arms."
richard is still looking for his irish
  roots, on both the gorman and the reilley side, but
  has also collected enough information on his other ancestors that he is
  committed to posting more of it soon, mainly for the use of his family.


















backword
richard creates this site for the
  amusement of his friends, his family, and himself, because he can. you can
  write to him here.
 
evolution
  is what creation does. 





this
site has been visited times
since fall 2007
all contents ©richard j. gorman 2007 - 2028 


