





air to ground services, inc. – "we clean with integrity and dedication"





























skip to content






air to ground services, inc.
"we clean with integrity and dedication"








 
home
servicestoggle sub-menu

aircraft cleaning
pressure washing services
pressure washing equipment sales


gallery
testimonials
careers
contact
about
toggle search form

search for:



 
















welcome to air to ground services, inc.



air to ground services is the premiere professional services company in the aircraft cleaning, commercial pressure washing, and automotive detailing industries.
the appearance of your aircraft is essential to every airline. an immediate impression is achieved the moment any employee, competitor, and, most importantly, a customer set eyes on an aircraft.
air to ground services realizes that as vital as appearance is, the cost savings associated with an effective and efficient exterior aviation cleaning program is a central component in achieving desired financial goals of all aviation companies. these are the two main reasons we, at air to ground services, utilize the highest quality exterior cleaning products available today.
our headquarters is located in louisville-ky and we have locations in los angeles, indianapolis, and memphis.



aircraft cleaning
“air to ground’s appearance and protection program is the most effective approach to interior, exterior, and heavy maintenance cleaning. this is a professionally managed program complete with tracking and frequency controls, professionally trained employees, utilization of the highest quality interior and exterior appearance protection products available, as well as a management team with over twenty seven (27) years experience.”


pressure washing
“air to ground services provides professional commercial and residential pressure washing services for new or existing equipment and property. there is no job too large for our 16 truck fleet. we remove calcium, paint (including graffiti), rust, oil stains, tire marks, gum, grime and debris from light industrial and industrial equipment, tractor trailer fleets, residential and commercial buildings (interior and exterior), and most concrete surfaces. our services are guaranteed and we only accept 100% customer satisfaction from ourselves.”


pressure washing equipment
“air to ground services sells and services commercial and residential grade pressure cleaning equipment, parts, accessories, chemicals, waste oil heaters and waste oil boilers.”

aircraft gearaircraft fuselagecowlaircraft exterior cleanaircraft under-wingcommercial descalingcommercial power washingcommercial equipment sales










copyright © 2024 air to ground services, inc.

		powered by pressbook wordpress theme 















