



jacksonville airport (jax) information: jax airport in jacksonville area, fl, usa


















africa
asia
australia
europe
latin america
north america










related guides:

usa airports
north america























jacksonville international airport (jax)
airport information
(jacksonville, florida - fl, usa)



located in northeast florida and next to biscayne village, garden city, oceanway and san mateo, jacksonville international airport (jax) is just short distance from jacksonville's downtown district. the airport has become a major air hub for northern florida and southern georgia, standing around 15 miles / 24 km to the north of the city.

operated by the jacksonville aviation authority, the airport's single passenger terminal handles traffic to the tune of over six million annual passengers, with non-stop flights to many major us cities with more than a dozen major and regional carriers, such as continental and delta. each day, arriving and departing flights total well over 200 and this figure is set to rise, following the recent expansion work, which cost more than $150 million. facilities at jacksonville airport are excellent and even include a public art program, when passengers and visitors can enjoy a range of artworks relating to both jacksonville and florida.




 
there is a good choice of airport transport to jacksonville and beyond, including the express shuttle minibus service, which runs to the city and other locations in florida and southeast georgia. in addition, there are hotel courtesy shuttles, airjta shuttles (jacksonville transportation authority), taxis run by gator city taxis and a fleet of limousines. all transport services leave from next to the baggage reclaim area on the lower level of the terminal building. jacksonville international airport stands next to the i-295 interstate and is also reasonably close to savannah (north), and both daytona beach and orlando (south).

about jacksonville tourism
located on the northeast atlantic coast of the florida panhandle, jacksonville is ideal for lovers of the outdoors and offer a true authentic southern flavour. for sightseeing, the cummer museum of art and gardens is a must-see tudor-style mansion, while fort caroline national memorial, outside of jacksonville, is a mockup of the original 16th century french fort. also worth noting are the many celebrations regularly held at the jax expo center and the many important football games at alltel stadium, home of the jaguars and boasting a capacity of more than 70,000 spectators.

jacksonville airport (jax) stands close to some truly dazzling beaches, lots of history and a lively nightlife. look to the river in downtown jacksonville for shopping and nightly entertainment, with its lively marketplace and boardwalk. south of the city is st. augustine, palm coast, daytona beach, kissimmee and florida's legendary resort of orlando, home of walt disney world.


contact 
jacksonville international airport (jax):
address: 2400 yankee clipper drive, jacksonville, florida (fl), 32218, usa
airport code: jax
tel: +1 904 741 2000
fax: +1 904 741 2011
website:http://www.flyjacksonville.com 









©  copyright travelsmart ltd


hotel search


























about the airport
jax information
airport hotels
history and overview
airlines and terminals
airport facilities


transportation
directions
car rental
travel and ground transport
parking


city information
what to see in jacksonville
jacksonville airport maps
climate charts and weather


resources
guide disclaimer

hotel search


























 




jacksonville airport jax
i'm looking for:

car rental
hotels
flights
maps
























































home

contact us
privacy policy / disclaimer
site map



© travelsmart ltd: airports guides - copyright and privacy policy 2000-2015
jacksonville, fl usa - jacksonville international airport (jax) information - 3/3/2016  - 





  

