








bowe machine company | global provider of machining and engineering services






home - bowe machine company




















































 


home
company

history
news
departments

quality
engineering


capability statement
industries served
facilities
employment opportunities

job postings




bowe knives

shear blades

alligator shears
stationary shears
mobile shears




bowe shredder rotors
services

large turning
milling and machining
grinding
repair machining
welding


contact us
 



 



select page


  
 
 













bowe machine company
 
we are a family owned business founded in 1956 by the late william j. bowe.  click below to find out more about our facilities, history, and employment opportunities.
 
learn more...
 

 
 




bowe knives
 
bowe knives manufacturer industrial shear blades for the scrap processing and demolition industries.  for over 40 years, we have produced quality products at competitive prices.
 
learn more...
 

 
 




bowe shredder rotors
 
bowe machine has been manufacturing auto shredder rotors for more than 50 years.  we have produced over 500 new rotors and rebuilt more than 50 rotors.
 
learn more...
 

 
 




services
 
bowe machine company offers a full range of services including large turning, milling & machining, grinding, repair machining, welding, bowe shredder rotors, and bowe knives.
 
learn more...
 

 
 
 
 
 






					 
what’s new



 


manual and cnc machinist positions
 aug 2, 2021 bowe machine company is currently accepting applications for experienced, detail-oriented manual and cnc machine operators/machinists. duties/responsibilities include but are not limited to: producing parts with manual and/or cnc...

 


 
bowe machine featured in  manufacturing video series
 oct 1, 2020 bowe machine company is one of four companies featured in a manufacturing showcase video series produced by the eastern iowa & western illinois advance manufacturing sector board. released for manufacturing day on october 2, each video offers a different...

 

bowe machine still operating
 mar 25, 2020 bowe machine company is currently open for business. we hope that you, your friends, and loved ones stay safe and healthy.

 

bowe to exhibit at isri convention
 jan 16, 2020 bowe machine to attend isri convention

 


 
bowe machine company earns iso 9001:2015 certification
 nov 22, 2016 after months of preparation, bowe machine company is proud to announce that we are now an iso 9001:2015 certified company! iso 9001:2015, developed by the international organization for standardization, is the world’s most popular quality management system standard....

 

final preparations for bowe/wendt open house
 sep 13, 2016 our open house is just a week away now, and interest in the 2-day event has exceeded our hopes.  we're looking forward to hosting the many customers, suppliers, industry experts, and media members that will be attending. recycling today is one of the magazines that...

 


 
bowe rotors/wendt open house
 aug 10, 2016 bowe machine is hosting an open house on september 21st & 22nd, in conjunction with our partner wendt corporation. experience our entire operation with a tour of our engineering department and new 32,000 square foot building addition. get a close-up view of our...

 

  
more news

 





bowe machine company
is a family-owned business founded in 1956 by the late william j. bowe.  starting as a job and contract machine shop, bowe machine continues to expand and excel in all types of c.n.c. and manual machining, with one of the largest mills in the midwest and the largest blanchard grinders in eastern iowa.

bowe machine has been manufacturing shear blades for the demolition and scrap metal recycling industries for over 55 years, marketed under our product name bowe knives since 1986.
 
bowe manufactures and rebuilds complete shredder rotor assemblies for the auto/scrap metal recycling industry, sold exclusively through wendt corporation.
we also manufacture waste to energy rotors (wte) for the municipal waste industry; inquire directly to bowe machine company for wte rotors.
 
bowe machine company has a large facility and an extensive range of large capacity equipment.  specializing in blanchard grinding, large turning, and large milling, we have the expertise to satisfy nearly any machining requirement.  we also provide repair machining and welding to a wide variety of industries — foundry, quarry, agricultural, fabricating, and press shop, to name a few.
our quad-cities location allows us to work closely with other suppliers to provide you with the finished product, including splining, heat treating, surface coatings, and various types of plating.
 



 
 
 
  
  
 
 






facebook



bowe machine © 2015 | 2527 state street ~ box 1570 ~ bettendorf, iowa 52722 | phone: 563.355.4777
 

 
 
 

















