
















revem's ponderings









































































revem's ponderings



i'm a baptist minister and this blog is full of my ponderings about life, faith, family, friends, ministry and other strange experiences i seem to attract. i am married to a wonderful man (wm) and have 2 terrific sons 16 (lb) and 19 (ti).

please feel free to come and leave comments.

























































































tuesday, november 06, 2018








we are home and god is stirring the pot



















so after 10 years in oxford, we have returned to australia. this has been a few years coming which has given us time to pray about what's next.

the main thing that has come through for myself and wm is not what we will be doing but where we will be doing it. separately we both felt called to the far north coast of nsw. so having grown up in sydney, we now live in lismore.
this isn't a completely unknown area to us, my father's family originally come from this area and i still have some family here.

knowing where we were going, in august this year we packed up our lives, spent a month travelling around europe and arrived back at the beginning of october.

we arrived in lismore a few weeks ago, and since arriving god has been stirring the pot. i have increasingly felt called back into some form of pastoral ministry, although what that will look like i am still unsure. what does seem to be steadily rising to the surface is working in the area of faith communities and emerging church, along with speaking, preaching, teaching and mentoring opportunities. 
and there are also possibilities which seem to be rising for wm and the ministry that he is involved in.

as part of continuing to discern direction, i am committing to reading and writing more, whether that is stories, theological reflections, book reviews or whatever, i am committing myself to dig deeper, explore further and stretch wider in looking at how communities walk and experience faith.

what book has stretched or challenged your faith this year? 

so watch this space:


if you are the praying type, please send prayers
if you're the supportive type, we'd appreciate your support
if you're the loving type, we'd appreciate your love.

if you're the sarcastic type, be all means
 send your sarcasm, although as a family we seem to have a steady supply of that.

and now i hurry up and wait.

blessings,


revem







on

november 06, 2018



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest


















saturday, april 07, 2012







easter sermon: through a mother's eyes










have you
heard, my son he’s alive. 



i just
can’t believe it, it was only a couple of days ago that i stood there watching
my son die, it was the worst week of my life. watching these people say such
horrible things and then choosing to save barabbas a murderer and then crucify
him. standing there hearing them yell crucify! crucify! those words filled the
air and my mind, i can still hear them now, and then they made him drag his
cross through the streets before they killed him.



i don’t
care that he is our saviour, or messiah he is my son, and they killed him! no -
one should ever have to watch that, no-one should ever have to watch their son
be crucified, but i did. 



john has given
me such strength and support during it all and he was with me when jesus died
and has taken care of me. i haven’t wanted to see and talk to anyone. i have
just been sitting numb, unable to believe that my boy’s dead. mary and others
have been visiting his tomb and taking spices and caring for his body, but i
just couldn’t…. i couldn’t. 

where was his
miracle? why could he raise others but not stop himself from dying. 



then
yesterday when mary went to the tomb he was gone, there was no body, just the
strips of cloth, and came running back saying “they have taken my lord, and i
don’t know where they have put him.”  she
grabbed john and simon and raced back to the tomb. what, the tomb was empty! i
got so angry, hadn’t they done enough, now they had to steal his body as well! 



but john came back and told me he hadn't been
stolen he was alive!

mary spoke
to the others explaining what had happened. at first she just sat crying then 2
angels spoke with her and then jesus spoke to her. she thought he was the
gardener, but it wasn’t it was jesus, my boy and he’s alive. 

where’s the
miracle? here is the miracle, he did die, but he didn’t stay there, he’s alive!



i am still
trying to believe it, i do …. almost, thomas is having trouble believing it is
jesus and i can understand why, we were devastated when he was killed. 



i shouldn’t
be surprised; he hasn’t been what you would call and ordinary son.  although it hasn’t been easy, i have known
deep in my heart that he was special from the very beginning, when the angels
visited me and told me i would give birth to the son of god, and even as a
young child he was always most comfortable in the temple.



i remember
when we lost him. he was 12 and we were visiting the temple as we did every
year for the feast of passover, travelling with our family. when it was time to
leave we just assumed that jesus was with his cousins, they were always mucking
around, but when we settled down on the first evening we realized he wasn’t
there. oh the panic, we hurried back to jerusalem, with some of our relatives
to look for him, 3 days we searched, i have never felt so afraid! 

we finally
found him in the temple; joseph and i were so relieved to have found him. jesus
didn’t seem to understand what the issue was, and had no understanding of the
anxiety or concern that he had caused or why we wouldn’t have looked in the
temple first.  asking us why we didn’t
know he would be in his father’s house. joseph didn’t understand what he was
talking about and i was so overwhelmed by finding him that i didn’t think too
much about it at the time, but as he said where else would he be.



while it
was sometimes difficult for joseph to understand, i just kept praying, asking
god to give me the grace, wisdom and strength to do what was asked of me. 



as jesus
said where else would he be, he was always a special boy, who knew in his heart
that there was more to come. that his life was one with a purpose and meaning,
he knew he had 2 fathers, joseph and his heavenly father and he tried to be
faithful to both, but it was hard.



there were
days where it all became too much and i asked god, “why me?” so often i
wondered how it was that we were meant to raise the son of god.



i always
knew he was special, but that didn’t make it any easier to watch as he grew and
developed into the messiah that i knew him to be. he was often reluctant for
people to know who he was; it was only at my insistence that he even performed
his first miracle. 



it was after
this that we went to capernaum, and then onto jerusalem, just as we did every
year for passover. but this time it was different, things had changed. instead
of being inside with the teachers, jesus was outside his father’s house. he was
so angry, they had turned the temple, his father’s house, into a market place. he
said that if they destroyed the temple that he would rebuild it in 3 days. it’s
only now looking back that we have realised he wasn’t talking about the temple,
he was talking about himself. we may not have known this was to come but he
did. 



my heart
breaks to think of my boy carrying such knowledge alone. he knew, he always
knew who he was and what he was called to do. 



when he was
rejected by the people he had grown up with in nazareth, he knew. when we
doubted he knew. when the teachers and leaders that he had sat with as young
boy in the temple turned on him, he knew. 



he knew who
he was and what he was here to do, i knew he was the messiah but i had no idea
it would lead to this, to the week we have had. he started life as a miracle
and continues to show what a miracle he is. he is our lord, he is the christ,
he is the one we have all grown up hearing about. he is the one that has been
sent to save us. he knew this; he chose to go through the horrible pain and
suffering for us. he chose to die for us.



i have
always known he was special, i have always known he was a miracle and now
everyone else knows what a miracle he is and knows that he is the saviour of
the world and that he is lord. 



where is
the miracle? he is the miracle. he is our saviour and lord and he went through
all that pain and suffering for us, so we wouldn’t have to. i always knew he
was special, but something tells me this is just the beginning, as the angel
gabriel said “he will be great and will be called the son of the lord most high
and he will reign over the house of jacob forever, his kingdom will never end.” 













on

april 07, 2012



2 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, march 25, 2012







god, the ultimate upcycler






jeremiah 31:31-33
john 12:20 -33


there seems to be a resurgence in
the practice of upcycling, this
isn’t just a new term for recycling, it is the process of converting waste
materials or useless products into new materials or products of better quality
or a higher environmental value, whereas recycling is simply rubbish with purpose.



so whereas recycling requires an item to be destroyed and then reformed
into another item, upcycling still retains something of the original in the new
item.
 
whilst the term “upcycling” may be new to some the theory certainly isn’t.
the make do and mend campaign during the war is a prime example of this.



there are four steps involved in upcycling
that you need to be aware of when embarking on such a process. you need:


1.     
to be able identify when something is past it
used by date or purpose and recognise that holding onto it is no longer of any
benefit.


2.     
to be prepared for the inevitable and sometimes
difficult death of the old in order for the birth of the new to happen.


3.     
to be creative in what the possibilities might
be for a future use of something.


4.     
to be ready to celebrate, embrace and make the
most of new promise that lies before them.


by following these simple steps the
possibilities are endless in what you can do and make. 


but the possibilities don’t end
there. upcycling isn’t just for objects and things; it can also be applied to
each of us and to our relationship with god. we have heard in the reading from
jeremiah, a declaration from the original upcycler himself, god, regarding the
change from the old covenant to the new.


in thinking about the key steps: 


1.      identifying
when something is no longer working, 

a.       the
declaration is made that the old covenant has been broken it no longer works
whilst god was faithful, god’s people were not; 


2.      be
prepared for the death of the old to make way for the new, 

a.       rather
than dwell on the covenant being broken, god forgives let’s go of the pain that
must have been there and allows space for something new


3.      think
creatively and look to future possibilities

a.       god
thinks creatively about the future of the relationship. and what results is a
covenant that is focussed on what happens internally rather than externally.
whereas before god took them by the hand and led then out of egypt, the new
covenant is going to be on their hearts and minds. it goes from physical to
emotional and mental. it goes from a thing the ark to a person christ.


4.      celebrate
and make the most of the new possibilities. 

a.       what’s
the outcome, god will be our god and we will be his people. this should be
celebrated.


just as god let go of the old
covenant in order to embrace the new, we also need to look at what in our
lives, families, churches, communities can be upcycled.  what is past it’s used by date that we
continue to hold onto.


it’s hard to play catch with full
hands 


jesus is the new covenant that god
can offer because the old covenant was let go. 

in john’s passage we hear jesus
share another version of upcycling when he talks about the grain of wheat
needing to die in order that it can bear more fruit. yes jesus is talking about
his impending death but he is also challenging us about what we have that is
getting in the way.  


while we are not christ and
therefore our ability to die and be resurrected three days later isn’t quite
the same as christ’s. as followers of christ we are called to live a life that
reflects christ, the closer we get to easter the closer we get to the point of new
life that is represented through the easter story. 


the illustration that christ
share’s again shows the benefit of letting go. just as with upcycling, christ
shows us that by ...


1.      identifying
when something needs to be changed to work better, 

a.       the
grain of wheat


2.      being
prepared for the death of the old to make way for the new, 

a.       recognise
that in order for it to bear fruit it can no longer stay as grain but rather
needs to die to become new


3.      thinking
creatively and looking to future possibilities

a.       the
possibility of bearing fruit, and being more than currently is capable of
being.


4.      celebrate
and make the most of the new possibilities. 

a.       the
grain of wheat as a result of dying is able to have such a greater impact than
it could ever have had if it had stayed a grain.



...we can embark on something new which will result in something greater than anything previously possible



just as with the new covenant that
god is creating, and with the wheat that is producing more than it could ever
have before it died we are also called to trust god and allow our lives to by
upcycled through the love and grace of god. we can do this by following the
steps of:


1.       identifying when something is past it

a.       what
is it that we are holding on to when on closer more honest inspection we recognise
that whilst at one point it was important and useful, that those days have
passed? what is it in our lives, our churches and our communities that we need
to let go in order that we can receive a new promise from god


2.      being
prepared for the death of the old to make way for the new, 

a.       most
things in our own and our shared experiences have left their mark. this can
make letting go difficult, but it doesn’t mean that we should continue to hold
on out of fear or familiarity. we need to allow ourselves to celebrate what was
and end in a way that is healthy, recognising what is too come.


3.      thinking
creatively and looking for the future possibilities

a.       once
we have recognised what we no longer need, we have to think creatively about how
we can best use what we have for god. spend time praying and reflecting on the
future possibilities that are out there. come together as a church or community
and place yourself and your resources before god. our god is a creative god.
once we have let go our hands are free to receive the new possibilities that
are all around us. waiting and listening to god, allowing god space to speak
into our lives and our communities, and then having the faith to take the step
can be challenging but god always has our back.


4.      celebrating
and making the most of the new possibilities. 

a.       once
we know what the new possibilities are we need to celebrate them, grabbing hold
and running with the new beginning, praying that god be before, behind, above
and below all that we embark on for him. 


god is a god of new beginnings, of
change and life giving and expanding experiences.


if god let go of the old covenant
in order for us to have a new covenant with him, what do we need to let go of,
what has to die, in order for us to grab hold of the promises of the new
covenant we are offered through christ. what have we got in our lives that we
can upcycle for god?







on

march 25, 2012



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, february 11, 2012







henry's story





below is a narrative sermon i wrote and preached last night in chapel.


it was a sunny afternoon the air was thick with the sounds and smells of summer. henry lent up against his favourite tree and looked out over the golden fields. as he did this he thought about all the times he had sat in this very place looking at this very view.  he thought of his village, the village where he had grown up and then where he’d raised his children, and where he’d seen them raise their children.

 it wasn’t the same now as it had been, but then who was, he thought as he brushed the flies away and felt his thinning hair. even though some things have changed, there were some things that were ever faithful, ever present, like his tree.

another thing that was ever faithful was the soul of his village, and at its centre was the town crest with the words beati misericordes quia ipsi misericordiam consequentur emblazoned across it.

 when he was a boy he and his friends were made to learn it until it seeped into their very fibre, until it was part of their very being, as did every generation, as had all the people in his village, those that came before him and those that would continue after him. this is probably why the soul of the village had remained untouched even though other things had not. 


while henry looked out over his field he thought about the people that had been part of his life, part of his village. 

he thought of mr gerard, the town baker. if you woke up early enough you could smell his bread while still lying in your bed, particularly in summer when the windows were open. mr gerard always made the bread for the village; all different types of bread, baguettes, ficelles, fougasse, pain de mie, croissant, brioche; the variety seemed endless and abundant, he always baked more than he sold. when henry was growing up he used to think this was careless of mr gérard; he knew what everybody bought: 5 baguettes for the martin family, 2 pain de mie for the dupont’s, a brioche for mrs brun. everyone bought the same things every day. then as henry got older he realised that selling bread was only part of what mr gerard did. in the autumn of 1954 when george fell out of his fishing boat, and couldn’t work for weeks, his family still had the same amount of bread every day often with a treat or two for their kids. 

and at the end of each day mr gerard would put some of the left over bread in a basket outside his bakery and then he would put in rest sacks in his car and drive out of town arriving back an hour or so later, with a seat full of empty sacks. when henry asked him “why” he said “beati misericordes quia ipsi misericordiam consequentur”.

henry also thought of mrs lambert the town nurse. she was lovely; she always had time and a hug for everyone. when henry was little he liked her hugs. she was soft and warm, and smelt like lavender. a hug from her made everything alright even without a bandage, but it didn’t always stop the bleeding which would result from him falling out of his tree, so he would get a bandage as well. mrs lambert was amazing; she was always provided the care that was needed. regardless of how payment was made or even if payment wasn’t  made, care was given. her black, worn nurse’s bag was always within reach, just in case. regardless of who you were, where you came from or what you did, her response was the same:  peaceful, precise, unjudging care. travellers and other people would come, on the first monday of each month, to see her in the little stone clinic just off the town square. henry once over heard one of them ask her why she cared, she simply pointed to the crest in the middle of the square and said “beati misericordes quia ipsi misericordiam consequentur”.

as henry continued to sit under his tree watching the world slowly pass by, he saw one of his friends trundle past in the beat-up, rusty old truck that he faithfully and lovingly cared for like one of the family. fredrick and his wife aimee owned the local café; they took it over when fredrick’s parents could no longer cope. along with the smell of fresh bread first thing in the morning, the smell of fresh coffee was also part of the morning routine. if the strong, fragrant, smooth, comforting aroma of coffee didn’t greet you then you knew something was wrong. and while the café served what was undoubtedly the best coffee anyone has ever savoured, it was only one part of what made the café in the village square so beloved by those who lived there. just like his parents before him, frederick and aimee provided as much care for the villager’s souls as mrs lambert had done for their bodies. no matter what you were going through, there was always, a comfortable chair, a welcoming friend, a kind word and good coffee. if someone needed shelter, sustenance or support it was provided, no questions asked. 


henry remembered an accident that happened one winter a couple of years ago. it was one of the coldest winters they had seen in many years, so cold the river had frozen. many of the children in the village had never seen the river like this before, but they had all heard the stories their parents would tell of skating on the river and so they decided to try. henry would never forget the moment when gabrielle came running screaming into the square. the ice had cracked. alexander was stuck. the men in the village gathered rope and blankets, and raced to the river’s edge.  they were able to drag him out of the water and warm him up, but it took months for alexander to recover from the water and the cold. in the café, frederick and aimee, unassumingly helped the village support alexander’s family. but more than that, they provided a place for people to meet and talk about what had happened. for frederick and aimee the café wasn’t just about coffee it was about community, it was about ensuring that everyone had a safe place where they knew they would always be welcome. when frederick’s father handed over the café to him, his final words of wisdom were “beati misericordes quia ipsi misericordiam consequentur”.


this unprejudiced welcoming of strangers that frederick’s father had embodied for so many years, came as no surprise to henry. it was simply what was done, what had always been done, by everyone including henry’s parents. 

henry was only 8 when the war started, not that it affected him, his family or his village for a number of years. their village was tucked away in the countryside and life remained as it had before, with villagers getting on with farming, or working in nearby factories. if they heard anything of the war it came from the newspapers or the radio. that all changed in 1941 when jewish men, women and children started trickling in and by 1942 the number of jewish refugees that were coming to their village seeking shelter had increased dramatically. the villagers all welcomed the strangers into their homes. no one was ever turned away and many stayed for months, even years, sharing the villager’s homes, often becoming part of the village themselves. 

henry remembered one cold, dark evening when there was a knock on the door. henry’s father answered it to find a cold, wet and hungry woman with three children.  his father hurried them in and showed them into the bustling kitchen where they could get warm by the fire. henry’s mother gathered together some bread and meat with vegetables from the garden and made them a meal. mrs rosenberg and her children lived with henry’s family for 6 months; he spent many wonderful hours playing with her son eliot, often climbing his tree; it was like having a twin. 

then in the summer of 1943 two police buses came roaring into their quiet village. police prowled up and down the narrow cobbled streets searching everyone’s homes, but they found no refugees. in desperation the police captain rounded up all the men in the village, and held them in the square. henry remembered hearing the police captain demanding that the men tell them where the refugees were being hidden or they would be arrested. this went on for hours, but the men kept silent. the following morning the buses left with no refugees and no prisoners. many years later when some of the old men were talking about what had happened they all said the same thing “when they needed the strength to carry on they looked up and saw the words “beati misericordes quia ipsi misericordiam consequentur”.

life was so different now, but there are some things that never change, some things that were ever faithful, ever present, like his tree. every year in july the village held its vibrant, colourful festival full of sun, food, friends and wine on that special day the sun seems to last forever and when it finally slips away the party continues under colourful lights and lanterns making the town look magical.  it brings everyone together to celebrate the people and events that have shaped and moulded us as people and as a community. it reminds us that we are all here for each other to be cared for and also to show that same care to others. 

every year as the village clock strikes 8 on the night of the festival, all the villagers gather together and say the words on the crest “beati misericordes quia ipsi misericordiam consequentur”. 


this year henry’s granddaughter rosa asked, “papa, what does that mean”, henry replied “blessed are the merciful, for they shall receive mercy.”
















on

february 11, 2012



1 comment:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
narrative,
sermon











monday, february 22, 2010







lb pondering's





for those of you who have missed lb's questions here's the latest.

lb and the inquisitor woke up this morning and decided that they needed to make some clothes for their teddy bears.

given the absence of staples and gaff tape (my prefered sewing items) needle and thread are what we have resorted to.

in looking through the items of the sewing kit which i do own, aiden came across a thimble and asked what it did and where you put it and then finished with the question.

why don't isn't a thimble called a thumbile?


mmmmmm.

blessings

revem







on

february 22, 2010



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
lb











friday, february 19, 2010







popping my head up, checking the view





as many of you who have followed my blog over the years have realized, when i don't feel like i am in ministry i struggle to blog.well, this is slowly changing here in england, it's been almost 2 years since we moved here, and we have settled in fairly well.i was interviewed to transfer my accreditation last week and they said yes!, so once all the paper work has come through i will officially change my accreditation to here.it has been a fabulous experience for me and i can feel myself slowly coming back to life with church based ministry. i am preaching more and have been asked to talk about engaging with the community in creative ways at a women's ministry day.i can't see this changing what i do for work, as i am committed to my current role and still feel that this is where i am meant to be, but other opportunities are arising which are helping to restore my confidence in my gits and abilities as a minister.anyway lets see how long this lasts, i am not going to commit to restarting as i so often have previously, we'll just see where it leads.blessingsrevem







on

february 19, 2010



2 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, december 17, 2007







we're moving to england





hi everyonei have some very exciting news!!i have been offered the position of college librarian at regents park college, university of oxford, and have accepted it.it is still a bit surreal for us at the moment although selling your furniture certainly helps make it more concrete.we will be moving hopefully mid january, but are still waiting on visa applications to be approved, before anything is booked and we have final dates.i will write more soonblessingsemma







on

december 17, 2007



2 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, october 27, 2007







daylight savings





today is the day we change our clocks for daylight savings.this is the one that makes us lose an hour, so my body is telling me it's 9 am but my clock is telling me it's 10 am.it is the one sunday i dreaded as a minister and always made sure i wasn't doing anything for fear that i would forget daylight savings and turn up just as church was finishing.up until recently i could never remember which way the clocks went until someone told me that you spring forward and fall back, and now i have at least a semi decent chance of knowing which way the clocks go. it doesn't help me to remember to change the clocks but it's a first step.the other thing about daylight savings is all the explanations people have as to why we should or shouldn't have daylight savings. i'll start the list and you can add others that you have heard.it fades the curtainsit confuses the cows...what have you heardblessingsrevem







on

october 27, 2007



2 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, october 23, 2007







jesus studies at veech library





over the last few weeks lb has come to work with me on a thursday, he loves it, being the extrovert that he is.he loves exploring the library for the little while before we open, he finds things and is often very excited when he sees something new.a couple of weeks ago on one of these vists, my work was interupted by an extremely excited lb. any forms of appropriate behaviour were completely forgotten as he came running up to me and exclaimed in a rather loud voice, with very big blue eyes,"i just saw jesus!!!"when i asked him where he said over there pointing to one of the study carrels in the library.i went over to see jesus, hey, if he was here i had some questions i had been waiting 33 years to ask.when i looked over i found one of our students, a franciscan brother, in his brown tunic and sandals, along with his brown hair and beard.a striking resemblance to jesus especially for a 5 year old.i couldn't bear to dash lb's experience.so as far as he's concerned jesus studies at the veech library, mummies work.blessingsrevem







on

october 23, 2007



2 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
lb











saturday, october 20, 2007







prayers





over the last few days there has been a tragic news story about a little boy who was murdered in our area.it appears that friends of ours know the grandparents of the little boy.please pray for all involved in this tragic story that they may be able to find support and peace.blessingsemma







on

october 20, 2007



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, october 04, 2007







point taken





over the last week or so i have had a number of people ask me about my blog, and put a bomb under me to get off my butt and start up again.so this is what, the third attempt since leaving church to start blogging again.alot of what is going on is difficult to blog about, but my life is never dull, so i'm sure there's some blog fodder about.last week end we had blackstump again. this was great and difficult at the same time. it was great because i get to catch up with heaps of people from many different parts of my life and hear how things are going. it was difficult because it reminded me of what i am still not doing, and i also had to explain often what i am up to.but all in all a great week end.although i have been absent know that you have all been in my thoughts and prayers.love you lotsem







on

october 04, 2007



2 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
blackstump,
update











friday, may 25, 2007







ponderings from a commute?





just a quick one1. why don't people wave thank you any more when driving?! when you let someone in it is polite for them to say thank you by waving. is it any wonder there is so much road rage!!!!soothing tea ok back now, breathing in and out....in and out2. and the other one is this. by comparison to others in society i am a law abiding citizen, i don't have a criminal record, don't break many laws. so why do i feel guilty every time i drive past a police car?that's allblessingsrevem







on

may 25, 2007



9 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
ponderings











monday, may 21, 2007








what type of intelligence are you??





hi alli found this quiz courtesy of mrs m. i'm sure those who know me will be completely dumbfounded with the result, it was so unexpected......not!!! lolblessingsrevemyour dominant intelligence is interpersonal intelligenceyou shine in your ability to realate to and understand others.good at seeing others' points of view, you get how people think and feel.you have an uncanny ability to sense true feelings, intentions, and motivations.a natural born leader, you are great at teaching and mediating conflict.you would make a good counselor, salesperson, politician, or business person.what kind of intelligence do you have?







on

may 21, 2007



1 comment:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me





revem



view my complete profile



blog archive




blog archive
november (1)
april (1)
march (1)
february (1)
february (2)
december (1)
october (4)
may (4)
march (4)
february (2)
january (5)
december (1)
november (6)
october (4)
september (17)
august (4)
july (5)
june (7)
may (8)
april (13)
march (13)
february (16)
june (3)
may (3)
april (2)






labels



blackstump


entertainment


lb


moving


narrative


pmm


ponderings


sermon


update







report abuse



blogs i read


revgalblogpals
songbird
pink shoes
post secret
one red paperclip - he got his house!!!!
rev betsy blessing
emerging church conversations
kate and graeme
cool stuff at freshtrend













search this blog























home






we are home and god is stirring the pot










popular posts




i sound female!!
in australia female ministers are still somewhat new. there aren't many of us. in baptist churches in nsw there are only about 30 women ...





ponderings from a commute?
just a quick one 1. why don't people wave thank you any more when driving?! when you let someone in it is polite for them to say thank y...





if you go to that church you won't go to heaven
i have found out something that tops the response "you are female" i received a couple of weeks ago. last week (i haven't had ...

























































picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























