





on-line reflexology training & certification – reflexology educators, mentors and coaches since 1991


























 






















on-line reflexology training & certificationreflexology educators, mentors and coaches since 1991home
course info

foot reflexology certification
continuing education


reviews
faq
about us

lauren slade
jack marriott


create a life & business you love….








imagine yourself having a lucrative,
fulfilling career in the healing arts!


 
as you are on this page i want to ask you, as someone who is interested in studying reflexology, the following questions: 
 
.
1) have you always been fascinated by a relaxing holistic health practice?
2) have you ever pictured yourself involved in such a highly respected career?
3) have you been looking for a new career that you could train for right at home, in your spare time, at your own pace… without having to interfere with your present income?
4) a career that will allow you to earn a really good income… while allowing you to help your family, friends, and loved ones at the same time?
5) will you enjoy switching from your current unfulfilling job to a part- or full time professional career in reflexology / holistic health?
6) are you tired of the frustrations of living on a limited income… and have you been looking for a way out of that trap?
7) will you enjoy an occupation with limitless income… one that will allow you to earn as much as you are actually capable of?
 
 
if you answered “yes” to any of these questions,
then i have some important news for you…
 


imagine your future…
what do you see when you look at your future now? that is, if you don’t do anything different but simply continue doing what you’ve already done, where will you be? it’s likely you’ll have the same type of living environment, the same kind of car, be wearing the same kind of clothes and doing the same kind of work with the same kind of results — by definition, you’ll end up in the same place where you already are!
however, if you changed just one thing…like, if you invested in your education, you learned a new skill, you started your own business…just one of these could make a huge impact on your new future!
now consider what could happen if you changed more one thing… what if you not only invested in yourself, learned a new skill, opened a successful practice and learned how to enjoy that, what does your future life look like now? you’re less stressed, you’re enjoying your work, you have more time off with your friends and loved ones, you know that you’re helping other people feel good, you are in control of your financial destiny… literally, you fill in the blanks here because it’s all about what you want!


 
introducing..
professional reflexology certification
 


facts about this course

everything you want to know, need to be learning or have already learned (but can’t remember it all!) in one place. you can review it over and over again.
you’re learning from a master reflexologist— someone who has taught and lectured to thousands over the last 27 years.
step-by-step instructions on how to find and work all the reflex points on the feet — whether you’ve ever given any reflexology before or not.
all the tricks lauren uses to offer the best sessions in the easiest way possible, with the least amount of effort for the best results.
learn the reflexology details of each organ system of the body
get dozens of tips to make reflexology easy to do and a pleasure to receive.
it’s not hard to do if you:

know how to do the techniques right
have all the strategies and tools
understand when to use what movements


gain more confidence as a practitioner – which can exponentially increase your credibility.
help you to become an expert in the field of reflexology, therefore attracting more clients.
everything you need to know to give great and effective reflexology sessions is all in one place (ready for you to review over and over as you need it!)
use this information to earn extra income for full or part-time practice.
help you get started on a meaningful career change.
try reflexology out! if you’ve been thinking of going into the complementary medicine / holistic health profession, you can try this out to get a head start before committing to more expensive programs.
it’s so satisfying to help people with reflexology. reflexology helps people to relax and offers amazing stress relief. when stress is minimized, the body can be more efficient at healing itself.
save money! by using these reflexology techniques on yourself, family and friends, you can save thousands of dollars that you might have paid others for holistic health services.

 

 


internationally accredited curriculum





we’re accredited by the international practitioners of holistic medicine (iphm), the largest internationally recognized accreditation board for training providers worldwide.
by choosing to study with us, you can trust that this course meets the highest standards for excellence and integrity.



 
/
 
who can study foot reflexology?
everybody! there are no prerequisites. we have successful certified students from 18 to almost 80. some choose to study foot reflexology because they want a career change. some people study reflexology because they have heard some of the marvelous stories about people helped with reflexology. others learn reflexology because they want to make a difference to the community they live in.
below is a partial list of professions that universal college of reflexology graduates have come from…
 


reflexology is a very rewarding career!
 
you could change your life
 in the next 30 days!
 

 your instructor has over 27 years of teaching experience
learn / study in the convenience of your home
no need to travel or pay for hotel and meal costs
most comprehensive instruction anywhere
a highly professional training
view and listen to the online videos and powerpoint presentations and teleseminars over and over again, either in their entirety or just the parts you want to review.
hear it, see it, read it — this course appeals to all learning styles, visual, auditory, and is demonstration-based.

 
 
 
 




the  universal college of reflexology has been educating students in the art and science of reflexology since 1991.
their professional foot reflexology certification program is an 11 module online learning system and a ground breaker in the way reflexology education is delivered.
since 2009 ucr has pioneered new ways of passing on the knowledge of this ancient healing art known as reflexology with their state of the art virtual classroom which has taken reflexology to the world.
the universal college of reflexology’s world class teaching systems has enabled both national and international students to improve the health and quality of life for thousands of clients.
 


 
 
 




how do i get started?
  
call or text  1-866-944-2576

or click here to send a message.

 
 
 


 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 





 visit universal college of reflexology's profile on pinterest.

copyright © 2025 · beautiful pro theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website















































