
























gocamping - homepage











toggle navigation







sites 







go camping









collins









latgawa









magruder









sawtooth









suttle lake









trip and travel









wallowa lake







sites 





go camping


collins


latgawa


magruder


sawtooth


suttle lake


trip and travel


wallowa lake






about
events/registration
volunteer/employment
find us
financial aid
donate













 









































a connection starts at camp
camp and retreat ministries of oregon and idaho





and the connection continues at camp
camp and retreat ministries of oregon and idaho





registration is open!
click to find out about events, registration information, and resources!




















already registered?








work and volunteer








creation vacation








church resources








e-news archives














connect











subscribe














subscribe 













welcome to camp and retreat ministries of oregon and idaho! 






 
sign up for our newest electronic publication, tending the fire, here, where each month we will take a deeper look at the people who make up camp and retreat ministries.  read the current issue here.

video shared at the 2024 annual conference 

​camp and retreat ministries is a partnership between the united methodist church of oregon and idaho and the oregon diocese of the episcopal church. let us know how we can serve you!
who we are:
camp and retreat ministries of the oregon-idaho conference of the united methodist church mission statement.  
we are people dedicated to creating sacred spaces of christian hospitality and learning.
we offer these spaces so that people may…
· experience god’s love
· engage with creation
· develop loving interdependence with each other and the earth
· act with justice* in the world
vision: a world of wonder, love, and justice
      we serve individuals, families, educational institutions, religiously affiliated groups, social service agencies, community service organizations, and other nonprofit organizations that enrich life in the world.
      *dr. cornell west says, “justice is what love looks like in public.”
please visit our camp site pages or click on "sites" at the top of the page! 
      
      
also, visit our sister sites north and south of us, doing amazing ministries in washington, north idaho, california. and nevada!





pacific northwest
camp and retreat ministries



cal-nevada
camping and young people's ministries 













upcoming events



title
dates


leadership training at camp magruder (oregon)

3/7/2025                                            
                                                - 3/9/2025                                            


leadership training (idaho)

4/25/2025                                            
                                                - 4/26/2025                                            


spring volunteer work weekend

4/25/2025                                            
                                                - 4/27/2025                                            


memorial day work party

5/23/2025                                            
                                                - 5/26/2025                                            


memorial day family camp 2025

5/23/2025                                            
                                                - 5/26/2025                                            


view all events 









photo gallery




















view all photos 









news



camp and retreat e-news feb. 12: winter wonderland | more from the national event | blessings report | don’t leave us out in the cold!

baby, it's cold outside--but our ministry is going to warm you up, body and soul!                                        



camp and retreat e-news feb. 5: wonderfull connections | play is good for the soul | blessings report | flying high!

it's the relationships that make a difference--in camping and throughout our lives, even in the sky!                                        



camp and retreat e-news jan. 29: connectionalism, continued! | what is camp for? | blessings report | opportunities for wonder

where do you most often encounter wonder? we think camp and retreat ministry is wonderfull!                                        



camp and retreat e-news jan. 22: connectionalism | the church that founded pacific palisades | blessings report | better together

spell-check doesn't like the word, but united methodists (and campers) thrive on it! read on to find out more.                                        


view all news 





















© 2014 camp and retreat ministries:a partnership between the oregon-idaho conference of the united methodist churchand the episcopal diocese of oregon





