














visit saint paul minnesota | downtown saint paul | mn hotels, events & travel






































skip to content




plan a trip
hotels
events
meetings


0
saved



menu






navigation






 




events calendarfestivals & fairssubmit your eventthings to doarts & entertainmentmuseums & historyneighborhoodsoutdoorsparks & zoossportsshoppingtoursvirtual tours & digital experiencesbars & restaurants in saint paulbreweries & brewpubsfood truckswhere to stayplan your tripsaint paul dealsvisitors guidenewsletter sign-uptrip ideasgetting herevisitor information centerwho we areboardambassadorscareersprivacy policy2023 annual impact reportstrategic plan




meetingsgroups & weddingspartnersblog








 










2025 mshsl tournaments


learn more










                                            
                
                    
        
athletes and fans, welcome to tournament city!






 










saint paul, minnesota
local and global. adventurous and laid back. saint paul is a capital city where over 100 languages are spoken and diversity is celebrated — in food, festivals and art. a city that cares for its heritage, its people, its natural places, and for those who come to visit. we welcome you.








pictured: hmong international freedom festival













this is your source for the latest on upcoming events, deals, restaurants, lodging and more. be sure to order your free copy of the insider's guide and share your saint paul experience on instagram, twitter and facebook using the hashtag, #mysaintpaul.






 











things to do this winter






 

2025 nchc frozen faceoff

march 21-22, 2025








 

get outside this winter

take in an event at the fairgrounds, experience all that… learn more








 

st. patrick’s day 2025

few cities in america celebrate st. patrick's day like saint… learn more








 

2026 world junior ice hockey championship

the 10-nation tournament features the best men’s players in the world under 20 years of age… learn more



















more to explore
















                        
                        local lover vip pass                                
learn more



 














                        
                        things to do                                
learn more



 














                        
                        bars & restaurants                                
learn more



 














                        
                        where to stay                                
whether you want luxury, affordability or a little bit of both, you'll… learn more



 











get inspired






 

best new restaurants in saint paul

make sure you’re on top of all the newest restaurant openings in the capital city.*








 

free attractions in saint paul









 

all year long in saint paul

with all four beautiful seasons, there's never a dull moment… learn more








 

local lover vip pass











our supporting partners





 





 











 

 saint paul insider's guide
our official insider's guide has everything you’ll need to find things to do, places to stay, where to eat and drink, and more.
request


 email newsletter
sign up to receive the visit saint paul insider e-newsletter for trip planning resources, upcoming events, deals and more.
sign up











 


events calendarfestivals & fairssubmit your eventthings to doarts & entertainmentmuseums & historyneighborhoodsoutdoorsparks & zoossportsshoppingtoursvirtual tours & digital experiencesbars & restaurants in saint paulbreweries & brewpubsfood truckswhere to stayplan your tripsaint paul dealsvisitors guidenewsletter sign-uptrip ideasgetting herevisitor information centerwho we areboardambassadorscareersprivacy policy2023 annual impact reportstrategic plan




meetingsgroups & weddingspartnersblog


visit saint paul175 west kellogg boulevardsuite 502saint paul, mn 55102651.265.4900 / 800.627.6101







press & mediacontact usprivacy policy


                        © 2025 visit saint paul official convention & visitors bureau.  all rights reserved.
                    





 



                    3°f
                                    



saint paul insider's guide



cookies policy
this site uses cookies to provide you with an optimized experience.
            
    learn more
accept












quick search


full search
















 




location map




 









