















bengal kittens for sale in florida at zawieco bengals








top


 snow bengal information 
links 
ruhi's story 
kings 
queens 
 gallery 
bengals & buddies 
bengal kitten faqs
 available kittens 
☰





      bengal kittens for sale from
    

        zawieco bengal cats 


        in south florida
    







click here to view available bengal kittens


sweet healthy hand raised little loveables
    




        lori graf
    

772-781-1953
 
        email lori: 
        
            zawiecobengals@gmail.com 










        the coolest bengal cats in florida
    





click here to view available bengal kittens


gallery

bengals and buddies


our bengal queens

our bengal kings


ruhi's story


links


bengals & allergies


bengal vaccine info
bengal kitten faqs


click here to see pictures and info
        
        on our snow bengal site















 zawieco bengals

       zawieco bengal cat breeders of florida is a small in-home cattery devoted to raising healthy and happy brown spotted tabby's and seal lynx / mink (snow) bengal kittens. our kittens are born in our bedroom, (usually in the wee hours of the night). we believe in handling our babies from day 1, to create confident, people oriented pets. 
       our cats are members of our family and are never caged. 





        lori  and preggo zawie back when it all began :)
    









        how we came to be "zawieco bengals"
    




    before moving to stuart, florida, we lived in ny, on eastern long island... we had a vet there that we admired greatly due to his knowledge and compassionate nature. when i got my little seal mink spotted girl, i had just lost my 19 year old calico, daisy. 
    dr. zawie had been his kind, caring self as he did the best for daisy (and me). he touched my family and me greatly, and we named the little girl zawie, in his honor. 
    zawie is now momma zawie, and the matriarch of the cattery. 
    hence the name zawie and company...... zawieco. 















    our wonderful vet, dr. joan mcmindes





      all of our bengal kittens are examined (and played with:-) by our wonderful vet, dr. joan mcmindes













        history of the bengal cat
    

       bengal cats are a hybrid cat breed from crossing an asian leopard cat (felis bengalensis) with a domestic cat. this small, elusive alc wildcat is found from siberia, pakistan, tibet and india, burma, thailand, and parts of mainland china then south to sumatra, java, borneo and the philippines. they can thrive in a variety of habitats... dense tropical forests, scrub, semi-desert and agricultural areas. 
       




          (photo courtesy of jill orman, legacie bengals)
      


the species latin name (bengalensis) is derived from the first leopard cat that was discovered swimming in the bay of bengal. 
       
       the early generation bengals are called foundation bengals, or "f" cats, and represent bengals that are 1, 2, or 3 generations removed from the alc. a bengal is considered domestic (can be registered and shown) when it is 4 or more generations removed from the alc.
   








      how lighting affects bengal cats in pictures
       











      pictures of the same bengal cat, just minutes apart, as the sun affected his coloring, changing him from a grayish tone to a much warmer brown.
      

















 bengals in action!
    

     bengals love to jump, and they are excitingly good jumpers!  watch them show off  their strength, beauty and agility in these videos. 
     















     and when they are done jumping and knocking things over, they will often find a nice high place to chill out and relax!!
     






















         bengal cats are a fun loving, affectionate, energetic and curious breed. they have inherited their ancestors intelligence and fondness for water, and it is not uncommon to find your bengal playing in the sink, tub or water dish. bengals are social pets, they get along with children and other animals, and they are happy to carry on a conversation with you. 



      cat naps
  






bengal kittens for sale





 
     zawieco bengals is proud to be a member of these bengal cat associations;
 



       the international cat association 




       the international bengal cat society 




       bengal breed












  we are proud to announce:







      zawieco cosmo, a handsome mikita/cody son, is featured on  the cover of this nationally best selling book.
      
      this book will answers all those cat questions we all have, but didn't know who to ask!
      
      written by dr. marty becker, the veterinarian that wrote "chicken soup for the cat lover's soul"
      
      pick up a copy....it's fun and entertaining! 
    



















        sweet healthy hand raised little loveables
    






        lori graf
    

772-781-1953



               zawiecobengals@gmail.com 



            the coolest bengal cats in florida
        


view our available bengal kittens
bengal kitten faqs

our bengal kings
our bengal queens

bengals and buddies
ruhi's story

gallery









        visitors since september 2013 
    










 beautifully rosetted brown and golden bengals, snow bengal and charcoal bengal kittens for sale in florida













