

lady bridget's wiccan ways, dedicated to the goddess bridget, articles on the sabbats, a wiccan primer, spellcraft studies, wiccan songs and chants, mead recipes, spells, and even more!






lady bridget'swiccan ways


welcome to my wiccan ways page. here you will find articles and 
information about the goddess brid, what wicca is about, why and how we 
celebrate our holidays, (called sabbats), and also other information about 
brewing, music, spellcrafting, and more. you will also find the online 
equivalent of our basic wicca classes. the purpose of this page is to inform and 
to enlighten, so graphics are at a minimum. blessed be!




home
email
esbats
herbs
links
mead
music
parenting
poetry
reading
sabbats
spellcraft
wicca




search our site:


sitemap




notice - material on this site is copyrighted - please ask permission before copying!

wicca classes menu
information on following the wiccan path. this is our coven's dedicant
wiccan course on line, for those of you who want to take classes but can't, for 
whatever reason. this is not meant to take the place of a one-to-one teacher, 
but as an aid to whatever other reading and study materials you are using.  
spellcraft menu
spellcraft, what it is, why it works, and how to do it. info on moon phases, 
days of the week, colors and candles, spiritual baths, consecration, and much 
more. please note - i will not write spells for people over the internet.  if you are wanting to do magick, the materials you need to write your own spells are here.  if you need spellwork done on your behalf go to www.twohoodoos.com and ask susan or orion for assistance. 
sabbat menuhistory, 
preparations & rituals for the 8 sabbats of the year.
esbat menu
an esbat is any ritual that is not a sabbat - so 
this includes new moon, full moon, dark moon, wiccaning, coming of age, 
handfasting, and so on.  this area is constantly being expanded. 
herbology
lord riekin has been using and studying herbs for over 20 years and these ariticles are the basis for some of his many wonderful workshops. there is a list of common herbs found in the kitchen and how they can be used to alleviate everyday ailments, as well as a sort of "first aid" herbal, plus general information on the why's and how's of using herbs. we plan to expand this area as well. 
on making mead by baron sir 
riekin ap gruagach (aka lord riekin) 
 here lord riekin shares his brewing expertise. there is a recipe for his small mead, which is superb, and takes about 10 days to make; as well as a recipe for krupnikas.  this area of the site is still expanding, and will include step by step instructions.

pagan/wiccan 
songsoriginal and traditional pagan and wiccan songs and chants.
order lady bridget's cds, "in her sacred space" or "voices of the goddess" here!
the poetry page
poetry and stories by wiccan and pagan authors, 
shared here for your pleasure. if you wish to contribute any of your own 
original poetry, songs, or stories send 
it to me! new additions are welcome and i will include your email or website 
if you wish. 
pagan parents page
if you have any ideas/games/teaching aids 
to share with other pagan parents, please send it to me! as a mother and 
grandmother, i am trying to develop a resource page for pagan parents. 
the goddess brida brief 
introduction and history of brid, goddess of the many forms of communication 
(including the internet!)
what is wicca?a brief 
tutorial on the religion of wicca, it's history, and basic beliefs. for more indepth information, go to the wicca basics menu.
reading lists more 
information on wicca, magick, herbology, and related topics.
 amber and jet by donna aquino
excellent article on the magickal and historical significance of amber and jet, and why so many witches wear this combination in their jewelry. 
dreams
discussion of dreaming, lucid dreaming, astral travel, how to interpret your dreams, and how to tell when a dream could be important. 
witch and famous 
covenmeet our coven!
a christian speaks about the faith and path of wicca by james clement taylora well written letter 
to others of the christian faith regarding the christian views of wicca and what 
the bible says about condemning people for their beliefs.
investigator's guide to allegations of "ritual" child abuse by kenneth v. lanning, supervisory special agent
a pamphlet written for law enforcement officials to help them distinguish when actual child abuse is occuring without trampling over a family's religious rights.  written by an fbi agent and distributed in the public domain since 1992.
links pagelinks to 
other wiccan or pagan websites





home
email
esbats
herbs
links
mead
music
parenting
poetry
reading
sabbats
spellcraft
wicca





search our site:


sitemap






lady bridget's wiccan ways in association with the sponsors below is pleased to be able to offer you wiccan/pagan books and tools, music, personal astrology services and more! our coven will receive a small percentage of the sales generated if you click on these links.  please remember to support your local pagan and wiccan shops as well. 
thank you for shopping here and supporting our site! 


 

astrology birth charts and relationship reports
get profound insight into your life via a deeply revealing astrology character report and natal chart.
gain new levels of understanding about your relationship from both you and your partner's point of view with this "astrology for lovers" compatability report.



awards
















vote for this top 100 mystical site


vote for this witchcraft site
 

 










true seekers ! 


lately i have received many requests from people looking for contacts in 
their area. please go to the links page and visit the witch's voice page or try covenant of the goddess . both of these have 
contacts and listings across the country.

bright blessings!


my mirror site on geocities has had 3,747,163 visitors until july 
15,2000.this site began on june 15, 2000 and so far  wonderful people have visited here. thanks 
for being one of them! 

 thanks to charis for the 
wonderful celtic knotwork images! 


get website hosting from draknet - 
support your community! 


