




wlkm radio 95.9 fm






























































 
wlkm radio 95.9 fm 

 




around town

mark my words
out and about blog by norm stutesman
pet of the week
spotlight
water festival


business

tax tips
transportation/auto


news

letters to the editor
submit a letter


obituaries
sports

k-wings blog
lions
local high school
wmu broncos


categories

county info

cass county
st joseph county


government

city commission
coa
county commission
fire/rescue
mdot
police
politics
trdda


health and wellness

three rivers health


schools

classes offered
constantine
gocc
smc
sturgis
three rivers


the arts

carnegie center
library
music




ezauction

ezpay


weather
community calendar
about

coverage map
for advertisers
wlkm on-air staff
wrci on-air staff
contest entry


contact









recent posts




county commission to consider contribution to rooted

february 14, 2025


a local, not-for-profit group is expected to receive a $15,000 boost from st. joseph county next week. rooted of st. joseph county is in the final stages of a $500,000 fundraiser to build a safe house in centreville. the county’s contribution would be matched by the fibre converters foundation. details of the fundraiser were provided by rooted founder tiffany wagler …
read more »




dda recognizes outgoing member

february 14, 2025


the three rivers downtown development authority recognized an outgoing member during its feb. 6 meeting. chairman andrew george was honored for his eight years on the dda board. george announced in august he would not seek a new term to the board, making last week’s meeting his final as a member. george, who spent seven of his eight years as …
read more »




sturgis under snow-removal emergency

february 14, 2025


sturgis municipal officials said a snow-removal emergency remains in effect. as a result, parking is prohibited on all city streets and will remain in effect until streets have been cleared of snow between two successive street intersections. the owner of any vehicle parked in violation is subject to a citation of $50.
read more »




bronson to put bond proposal to voters

february 13, 2025


bronson community school district is planning to ask its registered voters whether to support a $32.3 million bond proposal later this year. board of education members last month passed a resolution to ask their voters whether to approve a request to levy 4.98 mills for 25 years on property in the school district. the request is to be fielded by …
read more »




camp eberhart now offers fitness classes

february 13, 2025


fabius township-based camp eberhart has announced new group-fitness classes it is hosting. classes vary during the week but include “melt,” which takes place 9:30 to 10:30 a.m. mondays and wednesdays. “melt” is a gentle, self-care technique that enhances mobility, stability and performance. “core fusion,” a combination of melt, pilates and gentle yoga, is offered 6 to 7 p.m. tuesdays and …
read more »




thurston woods presents community event series

february 13, 2025


thurston woods presents its february “community event series” next week: “union city and the underground railroad.” sponsored by sturgis bank, the program starts at 6 p.m. feb. 20 at 307 n. franks ave., in sturgis. the session will focus on union city’s pivotal role in the underground railroad and its broader connection to the abolitionist movement in the united states. …
read more »




man injured in cass county crash

february 13, 2025


an arkansas man was injured following a one-vehicle crash earlier this week in cass county’s calvin township. sheriff’s deputies responded around 5:30 a.m. monday to a location on calvin center road, south of calvin hill street. investigators said 34-year-old humberto navaro, of jacksonville, ark., was driving north on calvin center road when he lost control of his vehicle. authorities said …
read more »




union agreements ratified, await county commission approval

february 12, 2025


an agreement with six different st. joseph county unions appears imminent. county administrator teresa cupp provided an update on the situation during tuesday’s executive committee meeting. she said the county and the six unions – which represent about 60 people in all – have ratified the tentative agreements and the only action necessary is board of commissioners approval next week. …
read more »




executive committee makes appointment recommendations

february 12, 2025


four people will likely be recommended to three different county panels next week. st. joseph county board of commissioners discussed the potential appointments during their executive committee meeting tuesday. stephen wolf is being recommended for the newly established materials management planning committee. meanwhile, fabius township resident eric shafer is set to be re-appointed to the county’s board of public works. …
read more »




two arrested in pepper spray incident

february 11, 2025


coldwater police officers arrested two people over the weekend stemming from an issue related to the discharge of pepper spray. according to authorities, officers were summoned at 11 p.m. saturday to a location on south monroe street after fielding a report of pepper spray used on subjects who were not identified. the two people arrested are charged with aggravated assault. …
read more »






 
page 1 of 1,52112345»102030...last » 
 









 
 



 
 



 
 
 

listen on spotify 

www.ridgewayfloral.com 

www.hohnerfh.com 
 




local gas prices








michigan gas prices provided by gasbuddy.com



 

 
 

 


 



privacy policy
 to review our privacy policy, click here.
 

fcc public inspection files
 wlkm public inspection file
wrci public inspection file

 






















