best gym membership - top-rated fitness centers & health clubs | crunch fitness
skip navigation


#nojudgments
















              online
              workouts
            



enunited statesenglishspanishaustraliacanadacosta ricaspanishspainportugal






free trial
join










enunited statesenglishspanishaustraliacanadacosta ricaspanishspainportugal








free trial
join now



          member login
        



locations


classes


hiitzone


training







enterprise sales



                activate corporate discount
              



                corporate partnerships
              



                healthcare memberships
              



                brand partnerships
              




the hub


about


own a crunch



free trial
join




closest clubfind your nearest crunch and join today!share my locationfind a crunchcrunchism #1our gym is your gymkick your feet up! with a gym designed around you, we think you’ll love it here.group fitness classeswe design our clubs to give you the most awesome workouts  possible. that’s why our dedicated group fitness studios are four walls of innovative, ass-kicking, fun.things to liftbulk up, trim down, or just rock out to your favorite playlist. our free weights, shiny machines, and cutting-edge equipment are the gear to get you there.miles of cardiowe’ve got all the equipment you need to sprint, jog or walk your way to your fitness goals. we’re cheering for you!people who carewe’re more than just incredible facilities. we’re instructors, trainers, and staff that live for your post-workout high-fives.sparkling cleanour gyms are not only filled to the brim with awesome equipment, they’re squeaky clean.group fitness classeswe design our clubs to give you the most awesome workouts  possible. that’s why our dedicated group fitness studios are four walls of innovative, ass-kicking, fun.things to liftbulk up, trim down, or just rock out to your favorite playlist. our free weights, shiny machines, and cutting-edge equipment are the gear to get you there.miles of cardiowe’ve got all the equipment you need to sprint, jog or walk your way to your fitness goals. we’re cheering for you!people who carewe’re more than just incredible facilities. we’re instructors, trainers, and staff that live for your post-workout high-fives.sparkling cleanour gyms are not only filled to the brim with awesome equipment, they’re squeaky clean.crunchism #2embrace a #nojudgments philosophypositivitywe are nurturers: we seek only to encourage, entertain, and empower.inclusivityhere we keep open minds. there is no one type or way in our diverse community. come as you are!funwe know serious fitness is hard, but that doesn’t mean it can’t be an edge-of-your-seat, can’t-get-enough, look-forward-to-your-workouts party.crunchism #3energy is for everyonebelieve in the power of a motivating group fitness community.check out our group fitness classeschisel itsculpt the muscles on your muscles.the ridespin me right round, baby!  get in the saddle, gear up  and channel your inner cyclist.mind body burnommm-azingly strengthening.cardio & dance rhythmsfeel the rhythm while you feel the burn.action sportsyour heart rate is about to raise the roof with our action-packed classes.something differentit’s like a weekly bachelorette party, but better.crunchism #4goals are made to be crushedtrain with our experts to drive your results.learn more about our individual and small group training programs© crunch fitnessall rights reservedown a crunchfaqcareerscorporate partnershipsactivate corporate discounthealthcare partnershipscareersterms of useprivacy policycookie settings