













home - sanccob





























































































skip to content



24-hour emergency numbers: cape town: +27 21 557 6155 or +27 78 638 3731 (after hours) | gqeberha: +27 41 583 1830 or +27 64 019 8936 (after hours)





(0)my basketdonate



 


menu






about⌵

who we are⌵
annual reports⌵
our partners⌵


what we do⌵

advocacy and policy⌵
chick bolstering project⌵
seabird rangers⌵
conservation⌵
education and skills development⌵
internship and volunteer programmes⌵
preparedness and response⌵
rehabilitation⌵
rescue⌵
research projects⌵
veterinary⌵


media⌵

taking action for african penguins⌵
news articles⌵
blog posts⌵


shop⌵
get involved⌵

sign the petition⌵
donate⌵
adopt a penguin⌵
become a member⌵
fundraise⌵
corporate engagement⌵
leave a legacy⌵
sanccob’s wish list⌵
internships⌵
volunteer programs⌵
vacancies⌵
get a myschool card⌵
join our mailing list⌵


contact us⌵






















 
slidesanccob saves seabirdsread more hereslidehow africa lost 99% of its penguinsthis video, by bright trip, provides valuable insights into the historical and present-day threats facing the critically endangered african penguins. in particular, seabird researchers from sanccob and birdlife south africa weigh in on the most pressing issue contributing to africa’s only penguin: competition for small pelagic fish with the commercial purse-seine fishing industry.
be part of the solution, and add your voice to the onlyone petition
save african penguins from extinctionslideafrican penguin newly classified as ‘critically endangered’ as breeding pairs fall below 10,000read more hereslidelandmark litigation launched to help protect the african penguin from extinctionsanccob, together with birdlife south africa, have taken a crucial step to legally challenge the decision taken by the office of the minister of the department of forestry, fisheries and the environment on the closures to fishing around key african penguin breeding colonies.
find out more hereslideeducation and visitor centre open, come and visit us!read moreslidevolunteers neededsanccob cape town and gqeberha centres rely on volunteer support to carry out operational tasks on a daily basis, 365 days a year. please connect via volunteers@sanccob.co.za or whatsapp via +27 76 682 5130.
contact usslidefound a seabird?contact our 24-hour seabird rescue centres
 cape town: +27 21 557 6155 or +27 78 638 3731 (after hours)
gqeberha: +27 41 583 1830 or +27 64 019 8936 (after hours)
contact usslideadopt-a-penguinbecome a penguin parent! penguin adoption donations support the rehabilitation, feeding and veterinary care of african penguins in sanccob's care. it makes a special gift too.
adopt todayslidefish for chicksfeed a chick and save a life! donate to african penguin and seabird conservation by supporting fish costs.
donateslidecolony first responders  are our heroesrangers monitor and rescue seabirds in need of intervention
support rangersslidevolunteer and internship programmewhether you are interested in a career in conservation or have free time to assist and learn new skills, you will play a valuable role at sanccob's centres in cape town and gqeberha.
find out moreslideadopt a penguin eggafrican penguin eggs are incubated at sanccob's chick rearing unit until hatch day. when you adopt an egg you contribute to keeping it warm and safe in our care until a tiny penguin chick is hatched.
adopt an egg 
















landmark litigation launched to protect
the african penguin from extinction 



sanccob, together with birdlife south africa (blsa), have taken a bold and crucial step to legally challenge the decision taken by the office of the minister of the department of forestry, fisheries and the environment (dffe), who has implemented no-take fishing zones for a period of 10 years around six key african penguin breeding colonies. these closures are aimed at reducing the competition between african penguins and the commercial small pelagic fisheries; however, the closures implemented are inadequate in size and we do not foresee them providing a meaningful benefit for the species.biodiversity law centre (blc): “the blc initiated landmark litigation in the pretoria high court in the interests of africa’s only penguin species: the critically endangered african penguin (spheniscus demersus). instituted against the minister of forestry, fisheries and the environment, the applicants’ challenge seeks the review and setting aside of the minister’s 4 august 2023 decision on the closures to fishing around key african penguin breeding colonies, instead of biologically meaningful closures. the african penguin faces extinction in the wild by 2035 if more is not done to curb the current rate of population decline. the crisis is driven primarily by their lack of access to prey, for which they must compete with the commercial purse-seine fishery which continues to catch sardine and anchovy in the waters surrounding the six largest african penguin breeding colonies. critically, these six colonies are home to an estimated 90% of south africa’s african penguins.” read full media release here.follow our updates here.sanccob is a registered non-profit organisation with the primary objective to reverse the decline of seabird populations through the rescue, rehabilitation and release of ill, injured, abandoned and oiled seabirds – especially critically endangered species like the african penguin. 






about us















what we do 



saving southern africa’s seabirds since 1968. 







rescuesanccob provides a 24/7 rescue service for sick and injured seabirds and abandoned seabird chicks. we respond to oil spill disasters along the south african coastline. 






learn more











rehabilitationsanccob is recognised internationally as a leader in the field of seabird rehabilitation. we treat an average of 2,500 injured, sick and oiled seabirds annually. 






learn more











chick rearingour specialist chick rearing unit saves african penguin eggs and chicks that have been abandoned, for subsequent release back into the wild. 






learn more











preparedness and responsesanccob works with various stakeholders to ensure authorities take appropriate preparedness action to mitigate oil
spill risks. 






learn more















educationwe offer various engaging lessons for children and adults, including tours of the facilities, presentations and interactive, learning programmes for school groups. 






learn more











trainingwe offer 3 and 6 month internships for adults, as well as a zoo and aquarium keeper exchange programme and veterinary experience courses. 






learn more











researchongoing research increases our understanding of seabird species’ behaviour, diseases and other factors that impact on their long-term survival. 






learn more











seabird rangerssanccob employs conservation staff in colonies in the western cape and eastern cape of south africa that are under the protection of conservation authorities to monitor seabirds. 






learn more



















get involved 



whether you donate time, talent, items or cash, you will assist sanccob to make a difference to the survival of the critically endangered african penguin and other seabirds in distress.we are passionate about seabird conservation and invite you to partner with us. 






contact us












 









 


















payment methodsfollow us 

contact usreception@sanccob.co.zacape town, western cape22 pentz drive, table view, cape town 7441+27 (0)21 557 6155emergency after hours+27 (0) 78 638 3731gqeberha, eastern capecape recife nature reserve, marine drive, gqeberha, eastern cape 6011frontdesk@sanccob.co.za+27 (0)41 583 1830emergency after hours+27 (0) 64 019 8936 

reporting other wildlife in distressfor seals contact the spca
+27 (0)21 700 4158 / 9
+27 (0) 83 300 1663 (emergency line)
for turtles contact the two oceans aquarium
+27 (0)21 418 3823
+27 (0)83 326 1604 (emergency line)
sign up to our newslettersubscribe via the button below to receive news and updates.subscribe 







                    2025  © copyright sanccob | terms & conditions | privacy policy 


managed > mycalture



 

we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 















































