





first baptist church, malden, massachusetts first baptist church, malden, massachusetts first baptist church, malden




















































































skip to main content













search for:



 
 
 
 
 




						first baptist church, malden, massachusetts					
in-person sunday worship service starts at 11:00 a.m.

 

 
 











16
		feb 2025	
 


				welcome			



 by  admin |
 posted in: uncategorized |

 0    
 











there’s a storm what now? the church building is not open on sunday february 16 due to snow accumulation, followed by rain and a potential freeze after that could put people at risk trying to drive in.  however, pastor gary decided and made possible church worship and fellowship online via zoom.
listen to worship service >
time: 11:00 am eastern time (us and canada)
o——————————————————–o
go to worship archive to hear past worship services here.
daily devotional
stay informed. visit the church bulletin >
please take time in learning more of our church thru the links below. god bless you.
about us
meet our church moderator
church bulletin
daily devotional
worship service
special events
jesus and the children
fbc choir moments
driving direction
contact us
features and more
o——————————————————–o
feeding ministry
location for free meals >



 

 










 
  



 home
our daily bread calendar
our daily bread videos

our church purpose, mission, and covenantfbc history searchour storymeet our church moderatorour church turns 221the parish houselayperson of the yearstewardshipamerican baptist historyspecial eventswhat is a christian?what must i do to be saved?why go to church?70th annual festival of carolsabiding radiothe biblical timelineis the bible truly the word of god?my biblewhen did the church begin?special eventsthe online witnessprivacy policylinkscontact usfacebook fbc choir momentsboy scout troop 603the danger of neutralitya final letter by rev. martha dominyyoutube video collection 








 
 




© 2016 first baptist church, malden, ma 



















 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website



































