




environmental simulations incorporated - groundwater modeling software specialists


















welcome ...
welcome to the official web site 
for environmental simulations, inc. 
(esi) located in eastern pennsylvania, usa. 
esi specializes in software, consulting, 
and training for groundwater modeling. 
software - gv9 and aq6: 
we are happy to announce the release of groundwater vistas version 9 on june 1, 2024!  there are many new features and new model versions.  please click here to get a summary of new features and prices. aquiferwin32 version 6 remains at the current version.  click here for a summary of features.
free groundwater textbook
hydrogeology 101; introduction to groundwater science and engineering is a new textbook from dr. neven kresic. this is a free book in pdf format that you can download by clicking here 
free webinar:
none scheduled at this time
webinars:
introduction to groundwater flow and transport modeling.may 5 to 15, 2025
exact dates and times, course agenda, costs, and other information is available here.

calibrating groundwater models with pest and groundwater vistasjuly 14 to july 24, 2025
exact dates and times, course agenda, costs, and other information is available hereusing modflow-usg (unstructured grids) and modflow 6 in groundwater vistas
september 8 to 18, 2025
exact dates and times, course agenda, costs, and other information is available heretransport modeling with mt3dms, modflow-usg, and seawat.tba
exact dates and times, course agenda, costs, and other information is available here.

introduction to python programming for groundwater modelers.october 20 to 30, 2025
exact dates and times, course agenda, costs, and other information is available here.
advanced python programming for groundwater modelers.december 1 to 11, 2024
exact dates and times, course agenda, costs, and other information is available here.

please feel free to contact us at:
environmental simulations, inc. 
254 ziegler road • leesport, pa 19533
tel (610) 223-5273email: 
top
 

 
c4site factory is a trademark of echo valley graphics, inc.
©2025 copyright echo valley graphics, inc. all rights reserved. 

[ 
groundwatermodels.com  | 
site map  | 
manage this site 
 ]






mobile apps
consulting
esi software
webinars
support
documentation

groundwater vistas


online store
clients/downloads
back to home page





