










home - rochester area chamber of commerce

























































 
 





















skip to content



























join today

















member login 

















find a business 

















search job openings 

















menu 
about chamber board of directors staff ambassadors communicationsmembership join the chamber membership benefits directory member news member loginevents & programs overview calendar leadership greater rochester ryt networkadvocacy business advocacy elected officials voter information committeesworkforce & education we mean business we mean career opportunities living in rochester ask a local education partnershipsresources business resources make the move








  











 










 











rochester area






chamber of commerce






advocacy  |  resources & information  |  networking  |  workforce













person icon


join the chamber 
 











directory icon


member directory 
 











calendar icon


events & programs 
 











present icon


publications 
 


















the rochester area chamber of commerce is a membership organization representing area businesses.
we provide networking, marketing, advocacy and professional development opportunities to our membership, and represent the business community on economic and governmental issues.
our mission is to promote business success which supports a thriving community.

















mark your calendar






we host a variety of events throughout the year, offering our members opportunities to learn, grow, and network in four main areas: advocacy, community engagement, networking, workforce and professional development.
















 
annual celebrationthursday, feb. 27
5:30 pm
 


 
day at the capitolmonday, april 7
10:30 am
 


 
legislative updatethursday, april 17
11:30 am
 


 
golf outingmonday, june 16
9:30 am
sold out!
 














 
business after hoursthursday, feb. 20
4:30 pm
 


 
am espressofriday, march 7
7:30 am
 












upcoming events














view calendar






























maximize your membership






maximize your chamber membership by taking full advantage of our diverse offerings, from networking events and educational programs to exclusive resources and business advocacy. see below for a few highlighted events, programs, and resources designed to help you make the most of your involvement.



















annual celebration 
lights, camera, action!
you are cordially invited to join us for a night at the cinema on thursday, february 27, as we roll out the red carpet for our annual celebration! this glamorous event will celebrate the success and growth of the business community in the rochester region. join us for an evening of celebration, networking and game show entertainment!
 
rsvp today

 








welcome new members! 


 
see directory

 










we mean business 
talent & business resources
we help businesses to succeed by being a resource in workforce development and helping to attract and retain talent.
 
read more

 















ryt network 
empowering young talent
with exclusive events and growth opportunities for the regions young professionals.
 
learn more

 















applications open! 
leadership development
our 10-month program connects 36 leaders for growth, collaboration, and impact. apply for the class of 2026 by friday, may 2!
 
learn more

 















member testimonials







 

"we are proud members of the chamber, doing our part to ensure a strong and vibrant business community. rochester’s nonprofit organizations are dependent upon a strong business community for commerce, financial support, volunteers, and sharing of best practices.a strong business environment also denotes a healthy community which, in turn, brings secondary benefits such as educational opportunities, accessible healthcare and social/human services, and a solid infrastructure.the payback for us, as a nonprofit, is continuous in the connections we make, the programs we attend, and the ability to have a voice in strengthening the economic condition of our community."

- possabilities





"belonging to the rochester area chamber of commerce is an honor. the networking is the best in town. informational sessions, increased visibility, endless promotional materials, and a strong sense of community!"


- sorellina's italian by victoria's





“this longstanding affiliation has offered us the opportunity to establish vital connections with local businesses, potential clients, and community leaders through various networking events and meetings, fostering strong relationships within the rochester region.additionally, the chamber's role in advocating for local businesses, providing essential resources, and promoting community engagement is invaluable. we appreciate the chamber's collective voice in representing our interests, the access to educational resources and market insights, and its commitment to strengthening the sense of community in rochester, ultimately contributing to the prosperity of our city.”

- smith schafer



 

















stay connected






the chamber’s publications include the bi-monthly advantage magazine, which covers local business news and opportunities, and the annual rochester area community guide & chamber directory.






















rochester area community guide & chamber directory




















advantage magazine
february 2025 issue




















advantage magazine
december 2024 issue









 












© 2025 rochester area chamber of commerce 
 | 
site by growthzone


























get in touch!






rochester area chamber of commerce













507.288.1122 










google maps




220 south broadway ste 100rochester, mn 55904 














chamber@rochestermnchamber.com 










stay connected!






join our email newsletter








facebook





instagram





linkedin





twitter



















 © 2025 rochester area chamber of commerce .  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top


















