


	prescott computer society home page












home
resources
apcug
ray carlson's "windows 10 faqs"
classified ads

this is pcs
about us
board of directors
faq
membership information
picnic

meetings
sigs general info
digital photo sig
general meetings
special topics sig
zoom help

members
bylaws
history
members only
photo contests

website
legal stuff
password help

contact us



welcome to the prescott computer society

the prescott computer society is pleased to offer online meetings that are available to the public free of charge.

interested in membership?
	information about joining pcs is available at our membership info page.



to view or download jb burke's recent presentation at the prescott public library on "the basics of internet safety & 
		security for seniors" please click here.


online meetings using zoom
pcs meetings are available to anyone, including non-members, who wish to join us online. we are using zoom as a means 
	of holding our meetings in the convenience of your own home.
even if you're not a member of pcs we urge you to attend our online meetings. both members and non-members may 
	do so in advance of the meeting by registering below. you will receive a password and link to the meeting by email. this step is necessary 
	to keep out spammers and hackers. you may join the meeting no earlier than 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time.
	like what you see at pcs? get all the benefits of membership when you join now!

for information on how to get and use a zoom account please click the button below.
getting started with zoom

for additional information about zoom by john carter please click the button below.
zoom help

pcs upcoming meetings

february 4, 2025 - tuesday - 4:00-5:00 pm
	pcs board of directors meeting
	zoom meeting will open at 3:45 pm
	the board will meet to discuss pcs operations - meeting schedules, zoom issues, etc.
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.



february 8, 2025 - saturday - 1:00-3:00 pm
	general meeting – leader: jb burke
	john kennedy – backing up your important files with freefilesync
	zoom meeting will open at 12:30 pm - program starts at 1:00 pm
	the question of whether you should back up is no longer open for discussion. the bottom line is that you must back up. but the method you choose and what 
	you use, is up to you. you want something easy to use, gets what you want backed up in a way that makes sense, and it won’t hurt if it turns out to be free.
	one part of the recommended "3 step back up plan" is to have your important files backed up to an external drive. join john as he shares his program of 
	choice, freefilesync, and shows you how easy it is to use, and can back up whatever it is that he wants in whatever way he wants. the process is very simple: 
	decide what you want backed up, where you want the backup to go, and what kind of backup you want. john will take you through these steps to set up your 
	plan and then show you how to keep your files up to date using freefilesync.
	the second hour of today's program will be windows adventurer phil ball with another helping of his famous windows 10 tips & tricks. no matter how well you 
	know windows, you will be sure to come away from phil's session with at least one new insight - and probably many more as well.
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.



march 1, 2025 - saturday - 1:00-3:00 pm
	smartphone photography sig – leader: phil ball
	zoom meeting will open at 12:30 pm -  program starts at 1:00 pm
	after 50+ years of shooting and processing photos, from film cameras and chemicals in the darkroom to postprocessing digital images using photoshop elements,
	phil has caught the smartphone photography bug. now, he's acquired a phone with a high-quality camera, or, as he likes to say, a high-end camera with a phone 
	feature. phil is exploring the use of online apps to optimize his images with occasional use of photoshop elements for more difficult tasks. he enjoys the 
	convenience of always having a high-quality camera with him and finding that online tools such as google photos and snapseed can quickly and easily optimize 
	photos. join phil in the new pcs smartphone photography sig and see what is possible using the latest equipment and techniques for producing fine photos.
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.



march 8, 2025 - saturday - 1:00-3:00 pm
	general meeting – leader: jb burke
	judy taylour – digital wallets
	zoom meeting will open at 12:30 pm - program starts at 1:00 pm	
	digital wallets: exploring new ways to pay. in this presentation, we'll explore the world of digital wallets and their transformative impact on how we pay. 
	we'll explore various digital wallets, from mobile apps to online platforms, and understand their benefits, including security, convenience, and speed. join 
	us to learn how digital wallets reshape consumer behavior and pave the way for a cashless future!	
	the second hour of today's program will be windows adventurer phil ball with another helping of his famous windows 10 tips & tricks. no matter how well 
	you know windows, you will be sure to come away from phil's session with at least one new insight - and probably many more as well.
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.



april 5, 2025 - saturday - 1:00-3:00 pm
	touring the web #12 – leader: jb burke
	zoom meeting will open at 12:30 pm - program starts at 1:00 pm
	this program asks the question - can there possibly be more to find on the internet? answer - there will always be more. jb drills down and mines the web for those 
	hidden gems you probably would not otherwise find. you'll be enlightened , entertained and educated with a dollop of humor. who could ask for more?
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.



april 8, 2025 - tuesday - 4:00-5:00 pm
	pcs board of directors meeting
	zoom meeting will open at 3:45 pm
	the board will meet to discuss pcs operations - meeting schedules, zoom issues, etc.
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.



april 12, 2025 - saturday - 1:00-3:00 pm
	general meeting – leader: jb burke
	zoom meeting will open at 12:30 pm - program starts at 1:00 pm
	ron brown – a 4-part video program
	• understanding heart monitoring with your smartwatch - explained by a physician
	• unveiling the mystery of cell phones and satellite
	• introducing the revolutionary chatgpt search for pc and mobile!
	• purchase considerations for a pc in 2025	
	the second hour of today's program will be windows adventurer phil ball with another helping of his famous windows 10 tips & tricks. no matter how 
	well you know windows, you will be sure to come away from phil's session with at least one new insight - and probably many more as well.
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.



may 3, 2025 - saturday - 1:00-3:00 pm
	smartphone photography sig – leader: phil ball
	zoom meeting will open at 12:30 pm - program starts at 1:00 pm
	after 50+ years of shooting and processing photos, from film cameras and chemicals in the darkroom to postprocessing digital images using photoshop 
	elements, phil has caught the smartphone photography bug. now, he's acquired a phone with a high-quality camera, or, as he likes to say, a high-end 
	camera with a phone feature. phil is exploring the use of online apps to optimize his images with occasional use of photoshop elements for more difficult 
	tasks.  he enjoys the convenience of always having a high-quality camera with him and finding that online tools such as google photos and snapseed can 
	quickly and easily optimize photos. join phil in the new pcs smartphone photography sig and see what is possible using the latest equipment and 
	techniques for producing fine photos.
register in advance for this meeting
	after registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the meeting.


other computer groups sharing meetings
through pcs' affiliation with apcug (see below) you may also virtually attend other computer club meetings throughout the country. 
	check out the wide selection of programs available to you.
other virtual meetings


a typical pcs meeting scene.
	
general information about pcs
the prescott computer society (pcs) is a pc-based users group located in prescott, arizona. our primary attention is focused on ibm-compatible 
	computers, associated software and smart phones. we strive to provide personal, home office and small business computing solutions and presentation 
	topics. you may obtain both basic and advanced information about computers by attending our club's meetings.	
	we hold several meetings each month to show you how to get the most out of your computer. these are our 
	general meeting and several special interest group meetings. 
	anyone with an interest in computers is welcome to attend our meetings and join pcs.

osher lifelong learning institute
pcs is affiliated with olli (osher lifelong learning institute) as a special interest group which is based at prescott's yavapai community college. from the olli 
	website: "yavapai college is one of only five community colleges in the nation to boast an osher lifelong learning institute, our locations in prescott and sedona-verde 
	offer a variety of learning and teaching opportunities for mature adults, 50 years of age and over."  
	(source)
olli information

association of personal computer user groups
pcs is a member of the association of personal computer user groups (pcs apcug page). 
	pcs uses materials from apcug in many of its presentations. from the apcug website: "membership in apcug is open to any non-commercial organization 
	whose primary purpose is to help its members learn about technology. it is a cross-platform organization supporting operating systems such as windows, os 
	x, ios, android, chrome, and linux." (source)
fun stuff
 
		a typical "stump the geeks" q&a session which is chaired by some of our favorite pcs members. it's always 
		full of laughter and is enjoyed by all those who attend.
	
we often hold question and answer sessions at general meetings where our members attempt to "stump the geeks" with their questions 
	about computer and smartphone problems and other related issues.	
	do the geeks ever get stumped? of course, once in a while they do but we all appreciate the very interesting and informative discussions that 
	are held. i guess you'll just have to come to a meeting to see for yourself.
back to top


	serving the yavapai county (arizona) cities of prescott, prescott valley, chino valley, mayer and dewey-humboldt
home | about us | faq |  
	legal stuff | contact us




