







hans  wilhelm








































        
          
            hans  wilhelm
          
        
      




















































        home
      

            about
          

            news
          

            books
          

        life-videos
      

            contact
          















































































homeaboutnewsbookslife-videoscontact





                
                  
                    hans  wilhelm
                  
                
              











scroll






  

authorillustratormystic









  














    enter my world of books
  
















    enter the mystery of life
  








new release“hans wilhelm breathes new life into one of the most celebrated journeys in all of literature. staying faithful to the original german text penned by the brothers grimm, wilhelm presents a lively retelling of the story, following four animal friends on their quest to become town musicians in bremen. though each of them has faced a bleak fate, they discover a ray of hope by joining forces, leading to a delightful and amusing twist of events that brings them unexpected happiness.”the bremen town musicians amazon click here to order















best children’s book great news: my book, "the trapp family book," has just been selected as one of the best children's books by china's publisher's weekly. many are familiar with "the sound of music," which catapulted the von trapps to international fame as one of the most renowned refugees. however, few know the captivating tale of their journey upon reaching american shores. my book chronicles the incredible struggles and adventures of the von trapp family. the book is also available in english. for more information and to order click here.















new re-releasespiritual wisdom for kids. waldo, a kind, wise and irresistibly lovable dog leads michael to a new understanding of the love of god and michael's place in his creation. for more info and to order click on title:tell me about metell me about godtell me about guardian angelstell me about christtell me about dyingtell me about christmas























new releasespread some love with these adorable little animal hugs, just right for the littlest of hands!  little animal friends love giving hugs! what sound does each hug make? woof-woof- meow-meow hug! moo-moo- baa-baa hug!<... little animal hugs chronicle books click her to order













new releasethese three pigs are ready for anything! readers will squeal with delight as they open the book’s map-inspired cover to help the piggies find their way, then join them in their adventurous, fun-filled day!pigs are prepared chronicle books click here to order













new releasethese little pigs are on their way to a party, and little readers are invited to come along! open the book’s cover to welcome the little piggies into the festivities, then join in the fun of their friend’s special day!pigs at a party chronicle books click here to order



new release another great review from kirkus magazine: “wilhelm’s cartoony watercolors are soft against the white backgrounds, adding a friendly quality even to the tense scenes. a scripted scenario about how to deal with a real-life bully in the backmatter expands upon the story’s lessons." the lunch box bully  holiday house click here to order













new release:rave review from kirkus magazine:“three pigs find themselves trying but not always succeeding in this story of perseverance. [pigs in a pickle]’s got a moral that’s actually true to life. wilhelm’s rhyming text echoes the childhood classics. impressively, the story conveys its message about perseverance without ending sappily with a success story.” - kirkus magazinepigs in a pickle  chronicle books click here to order























selected as a best book of 2019 by amazon.comselected as best children's book of 2019 by amazon.com“a lovely celebration of the simple joy of childhood” kirkus reviews“a perfect ending to a toddler’s adventure-filled day” sljpigs in a blanket chronicle books click here to order



selected as one of the best board books of 2018by the school library journal. this is what betsy bird had to say, “oh, i like this one! see that little wheel along the side? well, the idea here is that you turn it and the object that you’re looking for will end up randomly in each character’s hand (or paw, or wing, etc.). the child reader really, truly, and honestly doesn’t know where it is. the select the hand and lift the flap to see if they’re correct. it’s incredibly simple, effective, efficient, and smart.”guess which hand chronicle books click here to order











 






home



home - books / life explained



home - latest release














 





























© 2018 hans wilhelm, inc.powered by squarespace









