










white pine national | michigan golf courses | spruce, mi public golf







































 






























facebooktwitterrssmailcall us at  (989) 736-3279 


0shopping cartabout us

course information
rates
about our memberships
golf lessons
area lodging
stewardship
latest club news
join our birthday club


tee times
buy online

online store
view my cart
my order history


roadhouse restaurant
events

banquets
leagues
calendar


contact
login





menu


menu

 







see menu & order





welcome to white pine national!golf is not just a game, it’s a lifestyle at white pine national

book a tee time




2025 membershipsour world class conditions will bring out the absolute best in your northeast michigan golf game. you’ll find that white pine national is fair to the high handicappers and challenging to the low handicappers. you won’t find any water holes. the challenge is provided by the length of the holes, bunker placement and green size. we have something here for every playing style at this top-quality northeast michigan golf course.


“we had two wonderful rounds on your course this past week. we finally got to see the back nine, and we were just as impressed. i know that most people think that number 13 is the “beautiful view” hole, but our impression of number 12 was even more impressive – the big pines in the fairway and the downward slope were spectacular in our opinion. once again the deer were an attraction as well as the peace and quiet of the layout. bruce and his crew do a wonderful job. your desk and waitstaff are also very pleasant and helpful. we’ll be back either this fall or next summer.”
bill m. brighton, mi
“my friend and i played your course on sunday. we would both like to compliment you on your course and staff. when we arrived a nice young lady was there to greet us and get our bags. the course was quite busy and that’s when we met gary at the first tee. he told us what the situation was and continued to keep us informed throughout our round. which we greatly appreciated. when we finished, a pleasant young man was there to clean our clubs and take them to our car. it was a very enjoyable day only made better by your staff. we loved the course and will be back. thank you for a fabulous round of golf.”
kim w. alpena, mi and bob c. charlevoix, mi
“best kept secret in northeast michigan! greens are nice and fast and entire course is always in pristine condition. most times not busy and staff is great, good is good.”
brian f.
“i didn’t go to the golf course, but the bar/restaurant was great. great service and friendly staff. will definitely go back”
darren goodpaster
“an excellent golf course and an excellent restaurant and bar. very good food at a reasonable price. the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. the golf course is challenging but fun and it is well maintained. a must place for dinner and golf.”
marc ouellette
previousnext

explore our beautiful michigan course

challenge yourself, join a league

[awesome-weather custom_bg_color=”#013300″  background_by_weather=”1″ location=”4996690″]


join our e-club



hello
   

white pine national golf resort 3450 n. hubbard lake rd
spruce, mi 48762
tel: (989) 736-3279

latest from the bloglet er’ rip!april 6, 2023 - 11:02 amconnect with usvisit the club





©copyright  white pine national golf and hunt club -  powered by teesnap. | privacy policy | terms of service | cookies | return policy | contact us






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.ok

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
accept settingshide notification only



