









accreditation & graduate data for students & the public | jrcnmt

















































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility











					820 w danforth rd, #b1 edmond, ok 73003				


					405.285.0546				


					mail@jrcnmt.org				


program directory








find a program
about accreditation
resources

students & public
programs
site evaluators


jrcnmt actions
board login
contact














joint review committee on educational programs in nuclear medicine technology








resources for






students & the public

                            information about accredited nuclear medicine technology programs in the us and the process used by the jrcnmt to evaluate the quality of these programs.                        







program faculty

                            jrcnmt policies, accreditation standards. self-study and other forms plus news and recorded webinars.                        







site evaluators

                            information for those wishing to apply to become a volunteer jrcnmt site evaluator.                        







graduate data

                            graduation rate, board exam pass rate and job placement information on 2018-2020 graduates of each jrcnmt-accredited nuclear medicine technology program.                        







accreditation reports

                            summary reports of accreditation and other actions taken by the jrcnmt board of directors.                         









what is accreditation?
accreditation is a multi-step process designed to ensure the quality of an educational program.  it involves a detailed self-evaluation conducted by the program, followed by an in-depth assessment of the program’s evaluation report, then an on-site inspection conducted by peer specialists from the profession.
an accredited nuclear medicine technology program tells students, parents, employers and the public that the program meets or exceeds nationally-accepted standards set by the professional community.
learn more














links



                                        program directory                                    



                                        news                                    



                                        about the jrcnmt                                    



                                        jrcnmt board & staff                                    




contact

405.285.0546
mail@jrcnmt.org






look for this seal on the website of programs accredited by jrcnmt.






			©2025 jrcnmt. all rights reserved. website designed & developed by back40 design.
			privacy policy















