












 



kibbles 'n bits dog food

























































skip to main content












products
blog
faq
store locator
 search
 


search

search













 




bits so chewy  kibbles so crunchy
dogs promise us joy in every day, so we promise them joy in every bite.


 




featured products kibbles ‘n bits® comes in a variety of flavors to satisfy your dog’s tasty life.
 







 





kibbles ‘n bits® original savory beef & chicken flavors dry dog food
kibbles ’n bits original savory beef & chicken flavors dry dog food is bursting with flavors that will get your dog’s tail wagging, and has the nutrients they need. our signature mix of crunchy kibbles and meaty bits is formulated with an irresistible pairing of beef and chicken flavors for tasty nourishment in every bite. this antioxidant-rich adult dog food offers complete and balanced nutrition, including all essential vitamins and minerals that will help your dog be happy, healthy, and begging for more. 

 





 





kibbles ‘n bits® savory bacon & steak flavor dry dog food
make your dog feel like every meal you serve is the best. meal. ever… with kibbles ’n bits savory bacon & steak flavor dry dog food. with meaty bits so chewy and kibbles so deliciously crunchy, it’s a dance party of flavor and texture in every bowl! our signature mix is made with irresistible steak and bacon flavors for delicious nourishment in every bite. plus, this meal contains complete and balanced nutrition for adult dogs, so you can feel good about serving it again and again. 

 





 





kibbles ‘n bits® bistro oven roasted beef, spring vegetable & apple flavors dry dog food
as part of our line of culinary-inspired dog foods, every bite of kibbles ’n bits bistro oven roasted beef, spring vegetable & apple flavors dry dog food is bursting with an explosion of bistro-style flavors. thoughtfully curated with the delicious flavors of oven roasted beef, spring vegetable, and apple, this meal delivers both irresistible flavor and wholesomeness—offering your pet complete and balanced nutrition in every bite. 

 





 





kibbles ‘n bits® mini bits small breed savory bacon & steak flavor dry dog food
maximize your furry friend’s mealtime fun with a small breed dry dog food that’s easy for small dogs to chew and exciting for dogs of all sizes. kibbles ’n bits mini bits small breed savory bacon & steak flavor dry dog food includes crunchy kibbles and our signature bits made with meat. every serving delivers complete and balanced nutrition for adult dogs, so you can rest assured you’re feeding your pet the good stuff. 

 





 





kibbles ‘n bits® mini bits small breed bistro oven roasted beef, spring vegetable & apple flavors dry dog food
as part of our line of culinary-inspired dog foods, every bite of kibbles ’n bits mini bits small breed bistro oven roasted beef, spring vegetable & apple flavors dry dog food is easy for small dogs to chew yet exciting for dogs of all sizes. thoughtfully curated with the delicious flavors of oven roasted beef, spring vegetable, and apple, this meal delivers both irresistible flavor and wholesomeness — offering your pet complete and balanced nutrition in every bite. 

 





 





kibbles ‘n bits® mini bits small breed savory beef & chicken flavors dry dog food
show your small breed dog how much you care with a delicious meal crafted especially for them. kibbles ’n bits mini bits small breed savory beef & chicken flavors dry dog food packs big taste into small-sized bits that are easy for small dogs to chew, yet nutritious to adult dogs of all sizes. this flavorful meal is formulated to support strong muscles and wholesome nutrition you can feel good about feeding your pet every day.  

 


previous slide
next slide






enjoy more
check out our hub of tips and tricks to help your dog live their best life.

read articles







 



joy. we promise it to your dogs in every bite joy. to us, there’s no greater joy than having a dog. or three. or four. and we believe in giving our dogs as much joy as they give us.
that’s why for nearly three decades, we’ve been making kibbles ‘n bits® dog food with our signature combo of crunchy kibble & tender, meaty bits. dogs promise us joy in every day, so we promise them joy in every bite.
















life is tasty
 follow us on facebook
 follow us on x twitter
 see us on instagram
 contact us
products
blog
faq
 





privacy notice
terms of use


	© 2025 for all tails pet care. all rights reserved. this website is intended for audiences in the united states only

















