





harley davidson® motorcycle dealer in milwaukee, wi 

















































































skip to main content
 









toggle navigation







buying

new inventory
certified pre-owned inventory
pre-owned inventory
bargain bikes
promotions
custom order request






selling

sell us your bike

consign your bike
rider 2 rider



finance department

get approved
insurance providers
h-d® visa
promotions



parts & service

parts department
service department
priority maintenance program
extended service plan
custom coverage



apparel

apparel promotions
the shirt shop



learn/rent/tour

jumpstart™
learn to ride
adventure bike training
advanced riding classes
motorcycle rentals
motorcycle tours



customer corner

event calendar

storage options
blog

homecoming rally



about us


work with us
motorcycle tech training
contact us







milwaukee harley-davidson®

11310 w silver spring rd
 milwaukee, wi 53225
us

phone: (414) 461-4444
email: sales@milwaukeeharley.com

fax:
			(414) 461-2464







we buy bikes!click here


join our email listclick here





milwaukee harley-davidson®
11310 w silver spring rd, milwaukee, wi 53225 (414) 461-4444






milwaukee harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in milwaukee, wi, near mequon and caledoniamilwaukee harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in milwaukee, wi, near mequon and caledonia
to hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in todayto hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in today
milwaukee harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in milwaukee, wi, near mequon and caledoniamilwaukee harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in milwaukee, wi, near mequon and caledonia








previous



pause



next









shop hundreds of new units
shop over 1,000 used units






$100
per month






$200
per month






$400
per month














street®





sportster®





dyna®





softail®





v-rod®





touring





trike





cvo™





electric





adventure touring






previous



next
















our story
if you are looking for a motorcycle dealership that is owned and operated by experienced riders, you've come to the right place! milwaukee harley-davidson® is your home for motorcycles, parts, service, and more! we employ an experienced staff who know what makes riding enjoyable since many of them have been riding for decades themselves! our team lives and breathes the motorcycle lifestyle, and we want to make sure you get to experience the joys of owning a motorcycle yourself. our pledge to you always begins with choice, convenience, and value. head on down to milwaukee harley-davidson® in milwaukee, wi to learn more about our motorcycles for sale, visit our parts store, or ask about quality motorcycle service and repairs. we are here to help you from the initial test-ride, through ownership of your next harley-davidson® motorcycle!

fulfill your motorcycle ownership dreams with the help of milwaukee harley-davidson® in milwaukee, serving madison and racine, wi! we'll help you make your dreams come true, and get you out on the open road in no time at all. our harley-davidson® motorcycle inventory is the largest in the country, and we bring in quality pre-owned motorcycles every day so you'll never be sure what you might find in stock! speak to our expert team to get help in choosing your motorcycle and learning, more about what you need to get out on the open road. we offer a wide selection of harley-davidson® motorcycles for sale, and we can work within your budget and credit history to create a financing plan to meet your needs with competitive rates and worry-free warranties.

have a motorcycle already, but need quality service, parts, and accessories, as well as all the latest riding gear? milwaukee harley-davidson® is prepared to assist with any of those needs as well! 

if you are new to motorcycle riding and don't have knowledge on how to get started with biking, our team offers comprehensive riding programs at chicago & milwaukee motorcycle school! on vacation in milwaukee and looking for a rental? visit chicago motorcycle rentals to test ride a rental motorcycle and drive it up and down the highways. or, if you'd like to take a motorcycle tour yourself, head down to chicago motorcycle tours to get a group riding trip set up. 

milwaukee harley-davidson® in milwaukee, near madison and racine, wi is proud to be your home for the latest motorcycle sales, service, and more! stop by today to find your next harley-davidson® motorcycle!
















social




facebook
like milwaukee harley-davidson® on facebook! (opens in new window)




instagram
follow milwaukee harley-davidson® on instagram! (opens in new window)


h.o.g. chapter


email club




text club





hours









links

get approved
service
parts
apparel
sell us your bike
contact us
locations










dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


privacy notice
website privacy policy
terms
accessibility
site map



























 
  text us! 

x


        hi there, have a question? 
        send us a text!
    

 



