









dtc home - downtown council of kansas city


























































































































 








news & events
explore
business
research
about us
ambassadors





menu


menu

 









downtown kansas city
great downtowns are no longer reducible to offices. now, they are transforming into spaces to live and socialize. downtown kansas city has charted this course; mixing live and work together in a thriving, walkable environment.





annual luncheoncurrent initiativessouth loop project


dtc annual luncheon
join us for the downtown council annual luncheon on friday, april 11th at the kay barnes ballroom. the event kicks off with our spirit of downtown exhibit at 11am with our annual luncheon program beginning at noon. this year’s theme is “downtown kc, connecting communities” and will feature the presentation of the j. philip kirk award and the announcement of our urban hero award recipients.



dtc annual luncheon details & sponsorships
individual tickets


initiatives
the imagine downtown kc 2030 plan is designed to serve as the primary vision-setting and policy blueprint for shaping a stronger, better, more resilient community with an unflinching commitment to creating an equitable, inclusive, and vibrant downtown kansas city.



vision & goals
catalytic projects
current initiatives


south loop
the south loop project is a sustainable urban park that will bring kansas city together like never before, bridging kansas city’s central business district and the crossroads arts district and linking adjacent communities.



south loop project website


business
businesses, retailers, professional sports teams, and a young educated workforce are fueling downtown kansas city’s renaissance. today, downtown has become the fastest-growing residential neighborhood in the entire region and the very best place for people and businesses to connect with each other.



business & retail recruitment









downtown council of kansas city
the downtown council of kansas city is a private, nonprofit membership organization representing kansas city’s best businesses, property owners, nonprofit organizations, and anyone invested in downtown’s success.



about us
the downtown council serves as the primary advocacy organization for downtown kansas city, missouri.

become a member
welcoming, collaborative, innovative, and driving change. join the downtown council and invest in your downtown.

ambassadors
our ambassadors have transformed downtown with a simple but ambitious mission: clean, safe, and attractive.



downtown council of kansas city
1000 walnut, suite 200
kansas city, mo 64106
816.421.1539
subscribe to our newsletters
link to facebooklink to xlink to linkedinlink to instagram
  


copyright , all rights reserved, downtown council of kansas city 






scroll to top
























































