







roxor group





































































































              home
            

            about
          

            brands
          

            testimonials
          



            news
          

            contact
          

        linkedin
      
































































homeaboutbrandstestimonials











newscontactlinkedin









scroll


























our brands












































































    see our brands in your home — create your dream bathroom using our 3d design tool
  









 

bringing you the latest in bathroom trends.we offer everything from luxury to affordable products that suit every consumer’s needs.

 






bayswateran exclusive traditional bathroom collection — bayswater london.supports retailers with victorian and edwardian porcelain, brassware, furniture and fittings. specially curated to bring you commercial success.




    visit bayswater
  

  











 











 

hudson reedbeautiful made easy.hudson reed provides aspirational bathroom collections including stylish ceramics to desirable furniture. our competitive prices for luxury products are supported by a 20 year market leading guarantee unless otherwise stated.




    visit hudson reed
  

  

bc designswe are the award-winning british bathroom design company.the centrepiece of the bathroom is the heart of the home, it is where we go to relax, let the day wash over us and transform into our best selves. using the finest materials and exceptional british craftsmanship we create designs of distinction. because beautifully crafted bathrooms, add a little luxury to the everyday.




    visit bc designs
  

  











 











 

nuiebeautifully designed. lovingly priced.a complete bathroom offering. extensive ceramic and bathroom furniture sections which inspire renewal and promote progress. backed up by a 5 year and lifetime guarantee unless otherwise stated.




    visit nuie
  

  

old londoncreate the perfect bathroom with style and tradition.old london – an era of quality, workmanship and heritage. creating the perfect backdrop of style and tradition, whilst using modern day craftsmanship and manufacturing techniques, the elegant old london bathroom collection will transform your bathroom into a haven of tranquility.




    visit old london
  

 











 











 

the fireclay factoryhandcrafted by master potters.the fireclay factory are leaders in creating fine fireclay butler & farmhouse kitchen sinks. our founders set out to create the best product possible with the goal of becoming world leaders in fine fireclay. from the very outset we decided to set up our entire process to specialise in its production. this enables us to produce a far higher quality of product than previously seen.




    visit the fireclay factory
  

 






profitable partnerships



brand intro



brand logos



brand links


















 

contactroxor group, hamnett house, gibbet street, halifax, west yorkshire, hx2 0ax.+44 (0)1422 417 100support@roxorgroup.zendesk.com



connect



















roxor group
hamnett house,
gibbet street,
halifax, hx2 0ax
+44 (0)1422 417 100
news@roxorgroup.com


hours
mon 9am - 5pm
tue 9am - 5pm
wed 9am - 5pm
thu 9am - 5pm
fri 9am - 5pm






© 2019 roxor group. all rights reserved. terms of use | terms & conditions | cookie policy | privacy policy | modern slavery act | s172 statement companies act 2006ultra finishing ltd, niko (int) ltd and bc designs (int) ltd are trading divisions of roxor group ltd









