






mad dolphin press











































 


skip to content















let's be social:












 
















$0.00













no products in the cart.


					return to shop				




















cart










no products in the cart.


					return to shop				












 












it’s here! finally! 
into the mythtic
the first mythtickle book in over 15 years, is now available. 
















  


 







into the mythtic



this collection of comic strips and adventures of my characters showcases the best of mythtickle up ’til now (except for the holiday strips; they’ll all be in the next collection).
this full-color graphic novel-sized volume is 7.25” x 10.25” with 208 full-color pages, including a cast list, some blue-line sketches, some new strips that haven’t been posted yet, as well as many of the old favorites. i sincerely hope you enjoy my quirky collection of characters from myth and legend who all find themselves together in the same place as young adults. i like to hope that somewhere, joseph campbell is smiling on all of them.



purchase












mythtickle: one



yes, you can also order my first collection, mythtickle: one as well. it was created way back when mythtickle was very young and published in 2009. it’s also full-color and a little smaller at 7″ x 8.75″. i’m making it available to those of you who order here at a hugely reduced rate, at only $7.00. however, if you order the old book along with the new book, into the mythic, you will only be charged $5.00 for mythtickle: one. it is kind of fun to see how far the characters have come in 16 years.



purchase






  


 










if you would rather not order online, please feel free to send a check or money order (you can calculate the cost here), along with your signing request, to:
mad dolphin press
po box 432
sebastopol, ca 95473
justin@mythtickle.com


























more about mythtickle
mythtickle is a whimsical comic strip bringing mythological creatures and deities to life in humorous and relatable ways. created by acclaimed comic book artist justin thompson, the series spans 15 years of imaginative storytelling, recently brought together in the newly released collection mythtickle: into the mythic.

other informationabout mythtickle
refund and returns policy
privacy policy
terms of use
main page
read more on gocomics



 





        copyright 2025 © justin thompson | mad dolphin press. all rights reserved.      
















login


username or email address *required
 

password *required




 remember me

 log in


lost your password?









				this website stores cookies on your computer. these cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you and through other media. to find out more about the cookies we use, see our privacy policy.

we won’t track your information when you visit our site. but in order to comply with your preferences, we’ll have to use just one tiny cookie so you’re not asked to make this choice again.			


more info


accept



































