


vineyards & classical winemaking | peter michael winery












































 


menu
close


storycraftlandwinejournal














mountain vineyards
classical winemaking
limited production
















with over 1,200 protected acres alive with wildlife, forests, and cold mountain creeks, only 200 acres are dedicated to vineyards. from the rugged slopes of mount st. helena, the brisk, oceanic sonoma coast, and the iron-rich soils of the oakville bench, peter michael winery produces an offering of single-vineyard estate wines indicative of each of these distinct lands.

 




            sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
          













perpetual dedication
since 1982, the michael family along with the ranch, vineyard and winemaking teams, have nurtured and preserved the land to sustain a balance of wildlife alongside vineyards. across three diverse estates—knights valley, seaview, and oakville—we seek to capture the sensibilities of time and place. with each vintage and generation of family, the bond with these lands deepens.

story




philosophy
our approach is rooted in a family history of farming and honoring land stewardship. our respect for the artistry of crafting wines characterized by the land is brought to life by commitment and a reverence for nature.

craft











 






















land
most of the land at the knights valley ranch and seaview estate is preserved as wildlife corridors. to retain and invigorate the natural state of the ranch over 10,000 trees have been planted including groves of redwoods alongside native oaks, alders, madrone, manzanitas and azaleas.

land














knights valley ranch
knights valley ava, sonoma county











seaview estate
fort ross-seaview ava, sonoma coast











oakville estate
oakville ava, napa valley
 





wine
a long-standing team is committed to each vineyard estate. informed experience and sustainable practices are applied to the vines throughout the growing season. the result is fruit requiring minimal intervention in the cellar. our offerings of chardonnay, sauvignon blanc, pinot noir and cabernet sauvignons reflect this knowledge and effort.

wine






















visit us
we welcome guests for a private tour and tasting by appointment only at our knights valley ranch.

visit the knights valley ranch












fin





receive stories


submit








informationnew member guideannual release scheduleshipping policiesdistributor listingscontact707-942-3200 (main number)800-354-4459 (member support)707-719-9032 (text)pm@petermichaelwinery.comlinksinstagramvisit usmember loginjoin our waitlist


privacy policyterms & conditions

©
			2025
			peter michael winery










