


















home | trinity health system













close



humana insured patients: humana has stopped negotiations and forced st. mary's out of the network. patients with medicare advantage plans can still make changes for in-network coverage at st. mary's hospitals and medical offices. learn more here.  













close

mychart


in this section


back

main menu




find a doctor


find a location


find a service or specialty


trinity health system office

our impact

mission & vision






care sites


aetna negotiations











care sites

aetna negotiations



trinity health system office
our impact
mission & vision















mychart










find a doctor


find a location


find a service or specialty




search





show off canvas menu































10th good samaritan heart & soul gala – february 15, 2025
the st. mary’s good samaritan foundation’s heart & soul gala is an elegant evening of enjoyment at the esteemed ritz carlton reynolds, lake oconee. the funds raised at this event will be dedicated to further enhancing the quality of care provided by st. mary’s good samaritan hospital and will make a meaningful difference in the lives the hospital serves by introducing expanded primary, specialty, and innovative services and programs.
this event is sold out - thank you so much for your contributions!












find your doctor quickly and easily!
we've updated our find a doctor page so it is easier than ever to find the right physician for you. 
check it out!












st. mary's health care system | a member of trinity health
high-level care,higher-level caring.
at st. mary's we believe you deserve to be more than just a number.
st. mary's hospitals and medical groups are dedicated to offering whole-person care to every patient. we make it our mission to both listen and work with you to form a care plan that fits your lifestyle and personal goals.
begin your healing journey today












is it time for your mammogram?
get screened. have the peace of mind that comes with knowing your risk.
st. mary's breast health centers utilize the latest technology in breast health screening to get you the fastest, most comprehensive care possible. schedule your next appointment online in seconds.
schedule your mammogram












emergency department
average wait time: 23 minuteswait times are based on average wait times over the past month.
on your way to the er?
tell us you are on your way












lose the weight, regain your life
discover how our surgical weight loss program can help you.
learn more








previous
next


























find the right care, right away








online scheduling
schedule a primary care appointment online
learn more





virtual care
schedule a primary care virtual visit and meet from the comfort of home
learn more







find a doctor
search for a physician by name or specialty
learn more





mammogram
schedule a mammogram online, find times that fit for you
learn more













 
pay my bill
st. mary's offers you an easy and secure method of paying your bills, including online and by mail.
learn more 






 
mychart portal
the trinity health mychart patient portal makes it easy to stay connected to your health.
learn more 






 
access medical records
we offer a variety of ways to access your health records including online and by phone.
learn more 











your pathway to care, wherever life takes you
st. mary's has an array of services and offerings to support you. select below to explore.






st. mary's sacred heart hospital






about st. mary's sacred heart hospital
offering surgical services, a mother/baby unit, critical care, and 24/7 emergency care to franklin and surrounding counties in rural georgia.
visit st. mary's sacred heart hospital






good samaritan hospital






about st. mary's good samaritan hospital
a 25-bed acute care critical access hospital accredited by the joint commission on accreditation of health care organizations, serving the greensboro and greater greene county areas of east georgia.
visit good samaritan hospital






primary care








find a primary care provider
our primary care physicians' goal is to develop a trusting, long-lasting relationship with each patient while providing high-quality patient-centered care.
find a primary care provider






mammogram






schedule your mammogram
we understand your time is valuable, which is why you can now schedule your mammogram appointment online through our easy-to-use mychart patient portal.
schedule mammogram online in seconds
















flexibility & convenience

you want health care that's easy and convenient. we do too. at st. mary's, we offer a variety of ways to access care the care you need.

schedule a virtual visit
find an urgent care
mychart patient portal

view all services























advances in therapy for chronic obesity: a patient’s journey






advances in therapy for chronic obesity: a patient’s journey
obesity is a chronic progressive disease with new treatments available for our patients. we now have a new group of medications that mimic the enzymes in our body, acting on multiple organs including the brain, pancreas, and stomach.
read more










jeremiah hocutt receives st. mary’s daisy award for excellence






jeremiah hocutt receives st. mary’s daisy award for excellence
jeremiah hocutt, a registered nurse who provides care in st. mary’s emergency department, has received st. mary’s daisy award for nursing excellence. he was nominated by the family member of a patient who was rushed to st. mary’s with seizures.
read more










st. mary’s donates 2.5 tons of frozen turkeys to those in need






st. mary’s donates 2.5 tons of frozen turkeys to those in need
just before the holiday season began, st. mary's health care system and its colleagues and volunteers donated 281 frozen turkeys – weighing more than 2.5 tons – to the food bank of northeast georgia to help families in need this holiday season.
read more













previous

next














our family supporting our communities
st. mary's is committed to serving all members of our community.






community benefit








community benefit
as a not-for-profit health care system, st. mary’s is committed not only to our patients, but also to the communities we serve.
learn more






de&i








diversity equity and inclusion
one of our primary focuses is to create a plan that addresses and removes any and all barriers to optimal health for all.
learn more






community health worker program






what is a community health worker?
a community health worker (chw) is a trusted member of the community who has a strong understanding of the resources available in our community and the community organizations that can best assist with any needs you may have.
get connected

















 
donations make a difference.





thanks to your generosity, thousands have received the care they deserve. at st. mary's health care system, every dollar donated helps to save the lives of those in need.
donate today











join our team

st. mary's offers a variety of competitive benefits to help support employees and their families. you can learn more and apply for a job by visiting our careers section.
find your career














sign up for the monthly blog recap.
receive the st. mary's blog newsletter.
sign up today














 
 1 (706) 389-3000 


find a doctor
find a location
find a service




resources for healthcare professionals
connect portal





 follow us on facebook
 follow us on youtube
 follow us on instagram
 follow us on linkedin











for patients

billing & insurance
preparing for your visit
during your visit
st. mary's medical group
get an estimate
price transparency
no surprises act
release of information



health & wellness

healthy recipes
classes and events
wellness center
blog
podcasts



careers

benefits
current openings
working with us
nurse residency program



about us

visiting us
senior leadership
mission & values
volunteer
community benefit
financial & organizational info
en español









© 2024 st. mary's health care system • athens, georgia
pay my bill
notice of privacy practices
contact us
phone directory
notice of non-discrimination
donate




language assistance:
english
español
việt
한국어
中文
ગુજરાતી
français
አማርኛ
हिंदी
kabuverdianu
русский
العربية
português do brasil
farsi فارسي
deutsch
日本語




































