
















gibson furniture | furniture store in indiana








































































home
about us

our story
our brands
delivery & repair


our products

kitchen & dining
living room
bedroom
mattresses
kids
home office
accessories & decor


financing offers
find us

sales & service area
benton county


 

buy now
buy now
 

visit our showroom



✕














 find the perfect piece at our family-owned furniture store.


gibson furniture is an indiana showroom providing independent, personalized service. we offer high-quality pieces and decor for your living room, bedroom, dining room, and more.

visit our showroom
 explore quality options.
we have a variety of well-known brands and handmade pieces to fit any budget. see what we have to offer for your living room, dining room, bedroom, and more.
 find beautiful pieces.
we know it can be tough to find high-quality furniture at other stores, but we make it easy. our friendly, professional staff will help you select the unique piece you need.
 love the way your home looks.
feel a sense of pride when others walk into the room! whether you need something new or want to replace a worn-out piece, we’ll help you find the perfect fit.
 check out our comfy beds, stylish sofas, and other accessories!













 





















 





















 





















 





















 





















 












1
2
3
4
5
>





who should shop at gibson furniture?
our showroom is home to a variety of high-quality furniture to meet your needs and budget. we welcome everyone who walks in our door, especially:1those replacing an old, favorite piece.is your sofa, recliner, mattress, or table worn out? our friendly staff will help you find the perfect replacement so you can fall in love with your new piece.
2those preparing for the next big step.whether you’re about to move, welcome a little one, or make another life change, we’ll help you find exactly what you need and easily choose new furniture. 


“great selection, low prices, helpful, friendly staff. worth the drive!”- david l.
“a nice home furniture store with great prices. it’s worth the drive to boswell.”- isaac d.
"5-star furniture store, excellent quality and product selection."- gerald m.
find the quality furniture you’ve been looking for.
 
no matter what room you need to furnish, you’ll find high-quality pieces and a unique selection in our store.
we started gibson furniture to provide quality home furnishings and kind, honest service to indiana and illinois communities. since 1993, we’ve helped thousands of customers choose furniture that meets their needs.
 
the search for high-quality furniture can be frustrating, and we know it can be hard to find showroom associates you can trust.
with us, you’ll find a great selection, delivery services, and repairs—as well as a friendly staff who cares about more than just making a sale.
because we’re located in boswell, indiana, we know we may be off the beaten path for some customers. but our visitors say the name-brand and locally built offerings in our showroom are worth the trip!
 
working with other furniture stores can leave you to do all of the work.
you may feel like you’ve been given incorrect information or sold low-quality furniture from a huge, daunting selection in the past.  we promise that your experience with us will be different. our knowledgeable associates will help you find the perfect piece for you without making you go over budget or feel overwhelmed.  
contact us to discuss your home furnishing needs and to learn what we have in our showroom today.
 
visit us
kitchen & dining
living room
bedrooms
kids
mattresses
home office
accessories
clearance
when you shop at gibson furniture, you'll get:
 


high-quality furniture for your home


delivery and assembly of new pieces


pickup and removal of old furniture


a family-owned business and honest service


 
ready to find exactly what you want?
 


define your needs.


visit our showroom.


find the perfect piece.


 

visit our showroom

 














 our products

+  kitchen & dining
+  living room
+  bedroom
+  mattresses
+  kids
+  home office
+  accessories & decor
+ clearance


 address
407 n old us highway 41
boswell, indiana

 phone
(765) 869-4218
 












©  gibson furniture. all rights reserved.










visit our showroom



previous
next


close







test caption
test description goes like this


















