













home - ho`āla school






home - ho`āla school




























































































 













skip to toolbar

log inhubbli supportsearch 














login




skip to content
home
about us
admissions
programs
parent resources

application forms
financial aid information
tuition and fees
supporting academic success
course objectives
school calendar
ho`ala school’s educational philosophy
ho`ala agreement system
kamehameha schools kipona scholarship program
ho`ala parents
our school videos
ho`ala school handbook 2024-2025


2024 keiki summer program
donate now
 


 






ho`āla school

 
 















home






ho`āla school
1067 a california ave., wahiawa, hi 96786








your child’s bright future begins at ho`āla school
ho`ala school offers a quality education in a stimulating, nurturing environment for children from kindergarten through grade 8. our educational programs do much more than teach your child; they instill confidence, independent thought and a lifelong love of learning. as a parent, the choices you make for your child now will have a profound effect on their future development and success. make the right choice for your child at ho`ala school.

explore our programs
book a school tour
read a review

how can we help you today? book a time to talk now!







ho`ala school’s educational philosophy
ho`āla education is a philosophy that uses a coherent system of practices to develop citizens of personal integrity who act effectively for the greater good. ho`āla education is based on the work of alfred adler as articulated by rudolf dreikurs and others. adler held that human behavior is purposive or future oriented, although unconsciously so. adler identifies two basic motivations and says that each of us is searching for two things:
— a strong sense (or experience) of significance, and
— a strong sense (or experience) of belonging

https://hoalaschool.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/583/2024/07/ps-42506-hoala-school-0142lq.mp4







experience why our children are happy to learn!

book a tour






the essentials








our mission
the mission of ho`ala school is to provide students with a safe and stimulating environment that encourages the development of mutual respect, sense of belonging and a passion for learning.






what our parents say about ho`ala school:
✅ our school has an environment where confidence and independence are instilled in every child
✅ we are a welcoming, inclusive community that values acceptance and diversity
✅ we provide a high level of individualized attention that adapts to a wide range of student abilities and produces accelerated learning opportunities
✅ we have caring, committed, highly experienced teachers
✅ our values-based education results in respectful, compassionate, critical thinkers












admissions
the process begins with your school tour to visit our school. during the tour at our school, we invite you to observe one of our classrooms to see how our teachers interact with our students. following this, you will promptly hear back from ho`ala school and you will be requested to fill out and send us an application form.
now accepting applications. space is limited!
learn more









parent testimonials





february 2024
“ho`ala is the best thing that has happened to our family! my son has been going there for for two years, 1st and 2nd grade, and his transition from public school to ho`ala has been amazing. after receving recommendations from a facebook page, i booked a tour with ho`ala and their philosophy blew every other school we had seen out of the water! the small class sizes, the belief that teachers and parents should work together, and that emotional developmentis practiced just as much as academic development set them apart. my son is so excited to go to school everyday and to stay for his after school programs, steam, robotics, and tutoriing! i know my son is learning an improtant foundation to guide the rest of his life!”


shirley y. (parent)

6/23/2023
“truly a unique little enclave of hands-on, participative education for a fairly low price. we sent our daughter there for kindergarten after she just barely missed the cutoff for kindergarten at public school. we couldn’t be happier with the results. by the time she left, she was reading at the mid-1st grade level and was a considerable amount ahead of where her sister was at the same level in public schools! very military friendly and offer considerable discounts for service members. if you’re pcsing to hawaii and looking to avoid everything you’ve heard about the public schools here (all true), please consider ho`ala as an alternative. the teachers care for the students and the students care for one another.”


paul (parent)




“we feel assured sending our children to school every day, because at hoʻāla, we know that our children are in a safe space where they are valued and also taught to value others. they are gaining an education that will open doors to their future while developing the social-emotional skills of being kind and caring individuals. it’s true that it takes a village to raise a child, and we’re grateful to have found that village at hoʻāla.”


jimmy & kelley fellers. (parents)




“hoala school is the greatest gift we could have given our daughter. as a military family, we got relocated from virginia to hawaii. on a short note, as the school opening date was coming up, the staff was walking us through the process every step that feels like getting a warm welcome hug. our child is cared for, respected, listened to, encouraged, and challenged. she experiences joy in every aspect of her education. she feels connected to the community and supported in a way to learn in meaningful and memorable ways. the incredibly warm and talented staff creates an ideal environment for academic, social, and emotional growth. she grows to be a confident learner. hoala school takes the matter of covid-19 and social distancing seriously and with precautions to ensure all children are safe at all times. for almost 2 years, i am grateful every day for the amazing experience that is hoala school. i wish every child could have the opportunity to attend this very special school.”


tanapornsakul (parents)




“the teachers and administrators are very nurturing and loving to the children, while also providing wonderful structure and guidance. the level of enthusiasm that they display, and the respect they hold for all the students and parents is phenomenal. i am happy that my child is in a safe environment, that allows her to grow, play, and learn. the small class size and individualized attention the teachers provide to the students is a sight to see, and it is wonderful to see them use differentiation in instruction based on the students’ levels. it is obvious that my child is truly thriving here at ho`ala school, as she is so excited and happy to go to school every day. we will forever be grateful for the endless love, support, and dedication that the entire staff has shown to my daughter in her first year here. i am enthusiastic and optimistic that she will continue to thrive and blossom in the coming years.”


(parent a.m.)





“thank you so much. there are so many reasons ho’ala is such a wonderful school. there is no way public school would do this for me. i was so thrilled with my daughter’s report card. she is doing so well. amazing. not only is she enjoying ho`ala, she is doing well academically also, ho`ala has been a godsend to our family. it’s amazing how your school has changed our daughter’s life around. life is 180 degree turn around for her. i can’t imagine her being that girl who used to bite herself until she was bruised..because she was so stressed at her old school.  thank you and all the others there for rescuing her. thank you so much for your support. if you ever stop and wonder if ho’ala is making an impact…. you all are.”


mahalo, pat simmons (parent)




“it is difficult to put into words what it is exactly that makes ho`ala special, but i shall try. there is a feeling, it is not something tangible, which you can touch, taste or smell, but it is there nonetheless. a feeling of love, of caring, compassion, understanding, and acceptance. it is a safe place, physically of course, but also spiritually and emotionally. it is a place where the atmosphere encourages us to be ourselves, and to be more than ourselves.”


allen b. (former student)











about us
ho`ala school offers a quality education in a stimulating, nurturing environment for children from kindergarten through grade 8.
you can learn more about us here.


quick links

home
about us
programs
admissions
our blog



contact us
if you have any questions or comments that you would like to share with us, please feel free to reach out to us directly. we’re open monday – friday, 7:30 am to 4:30 pm.

📍 1067a california avenue wahiawa, hi 96786
📞 (808) 621-1898
📧 info@hoalaschool.org





















                    copyright © 2025 ho`āla school  ·  designed by buddyboss 














 












@
not recently active







































































