




 
williamsburg players


















 



ticketing login
 
 

       box office: 757-229-0431business office: 757-229-1679
     








 


home
box office

buy tickets
box office location & hours
current season

season subscriptions

seating chart
calendar of events
gift certificates
group sales
ticket exchanges
accessibility information


visiting

directions to the theater

art in the lobby
theater services
theater policies


shows
 upcoming shows
auditions
season development
suggest a show
director submission



connect

join our mailing list
calendar of events
volunteer
auditions
suggest a show
director submission


support

donate now
levels & benefits
advertise with us
mcculley-scammon scholarship

programs to support

other ways to give



about

mission statement
diversity statement

past productions
board
staff
bylaws
policies



volunteer


front of house
back stage
on stage
auditions
suggest a show
director submission




contact
admin
 
 









explore
buy now





subscribe
explore




 
 







deathtrap

 


harvey auditions





season subscriptions











this season

 





donate to the players

 
 


latest news and events


community ticket share


our community ticket share program gives away up to 100 pairs of free tickets to each production on the schedule. the williamsburg players want to spread the love of theater! the program aims to bring new audiences to our theater and to help existing patrons introduce newcomers to the playhouse or "pay it forward" to community friends who have shown generosity. for 2024-2025, we recognize important groups from our community and invite them to our theater! 
for deathtrap, we recognize the first responders who are so important to our local communities. we invite any first responder to claim two free tickets for yourself and a companion.



 fill out this 
form
  to choose performances you can attend. you will receive a confirmation email and your tickets will be waiting at will-call on the day of the performance.








deathtrap



jan. 31 - feb. 16, 2025

ensconced in his charming connecticut home, sidney bruhl, a successful writer of stage thrillers, is struggling to overcome a dry spell that has resulted in a string of failures and a shortage of funds. a possible break in his fortunes occurs when he receives a script from a student in the seminar he has been conducting at a nearby college—a thriller that sidney immediately recognizes could be a potential broadway hit.

sidney's plan, which he devises with his wife's help, is to offer collaboration with the student, an idea that the younger man quickly accepts. thereafter suspense mounts steadily as the plot begins to twist and turn with devilish cleverness and with such an abundance of thrills and laughter that audiences will be enthralled until the final, startling twists.
cast list







harvey auditions



sunday february 2, 2025, at 7pm
monday february 3, 2025, at 7pm
callbacks (if necessary) february 4, 2025, at 7pm

harvey is the story of elwood p. dowd and his best friend, harvey – a pooka, presenting as a six-foot tall rabbit…who happens to be invisible. when elwood begins introducing harvey around town, his embarrassed sister, veta louise, and her daughter, myrtle mae, decide to commit elwood to a sanitarium. miscommunication occurs, however, and veta is committed rather than elwood! eventually, the mistake is realized, and a frantic search begins for elwood and the invisible harvey. in the end, veta realizes that she loves her brother and his pooka just as they are and doesn’t want either of them to change. 
more information and a list of roles









winner of best performing arts venue on the peninsula by coastal virginia magazine readers choice awards

we are so excited to announce that we've been named best performing arts venue on the peninsula by coastal virginia magazine!!! thanks to our entire community for their constant support of the arts! we couldn't have done it without you!


 


williamsburg area arts commission


		williamsburg players thanks the williamsburg area arts commission for its support of our season.
          



 
 















 
 

 
 


buy your tickets online or call our box office @ 757-229-0431
 


home
tickets
visit
shows
connect
support
about

contact
 

theater address
	200 hubbard lane
	williamsburg, va 23185
	
757-229-0431 (box office)
 

mailing address
        williamsburg players
        po box 91
        williamsburg, va 23187
757-229-1679 (business office)
 

        © all rights reserved.
       
 
 

