






hall telecommunications – the go-to authority for contractors, integrators, interconnects & installers











































 




































toll free 1.800.265.2667








+


a


– 



product search








home
products

telephony
structured cabling
security
a/v products
outside plant
ip technologies
assistive living devices


manufacturers
overstock
about

our company
our story


hall news
contact
pour nous rejoindre
 













 
50th year anniversarycanadians helping canadians.canadian owned, serving canada since 1974responsive support & product knowledge second to none!
we’ve got what you need.we’ve got what you need.large inventory. we carry more of what you need to get the job done.
outside plant experts.outside plant experts.cables, conduits, vaults, cabinets and everything you need for
outside plant work – all under one roof.
complete education solutionscomplete education solutionswe offer products in the following areas, wireless, ip audio paging, ip clocks, ip messaging, ip intercoms & bells, headsets, vape sensors, ups, speakers, intercom switches, ip phones, security and much more!
the right people for the job.the right people for the job.we are the authority on ip devices and network integration products
for contractors, integrators, interconnects & installers.
 









 
2025 sneak peek!

as we reflect on the past year, we’re proud of the strides we’ve made throughout 2024, setting the stage for a fantastic 2025 with our vendors. we couldn’t be more thrilled about the incredible partnerships we’ve formed with some truly innovative vendors.each partnership has brought fresh ideas, groundbreaking solutions, and unique technologies that empower us to serve our customers better than ever before.looking ahead to 2025, we’re excited to strengthen these collaborations and explore new opportunities. together, we’ll continue driving innovation, delivering value, and supporting our customers’ evolving needs. here’s to another year of growth, collaboration, and success!
the go-to authority for contractors, integrators, interconnects & installers
located in guelph, ontario, hall telecommunications supply ltd. is canada’s longest-standing, privately owned telecommunications company. hall specializes in the distribution of telecom, security, connectivity, and assistive living devices.
since our inception in 1974, hall has adhered to a winning formula by prioritizing customer needs, delivering unwavering support, and offering cutting-edge technology solutions. hall believes that placing our customers at the forefront, creates a deeper understanding of their needs and empowers their presence in the market. thanks to this approach, hall has earned a stellar reputation, attracting attention from various suppliers due to our strong customer relationships.
we provide solutions to those who connect the world. our clients range from major telecom network operators to telecom/security integrators, disability solution providers, and institutions like school boards and higher education. hall’s core products are fibre optic cable and connectivity, networking devices, security and power systems, ev infrastructure powering solutions, robotics, vape sensors, and assistive living, hearing, and vision solutions.
hall’s legacy of industry firsts and pioneering technologies, showcases its dedication to meeting the dynamic needs of the sectors we service. looking ahead, hall is gearing up for the future in areas such as supporting the ev infrastructure, expanding the telecom services in our remote and rural communities, and providing innovative solutions for people with hearing, mobility and sight loss.
whether you’re building a fibre network; providing a client with a fully integrated ip video surveillance and/or card access system; providing a leading-edge ip telephone system; solving someone’s hearing, sight, or mobility challenges; or providing the cabling infrastructure where all these technologies now reside on… 



 

current email campaigns 



 




hall is your call1-800-265-2667


our experienced staff will be happy to help.



click here to contact us










why hall?





we believe that the more effective we make our customers, the more effective we make ourselves and both of us win. 


we think differently.  


we continue to challenge the status quo by sourcing new products and technologies that are simple to install, simple to use, and provide a high degree of functionality for our customers.  this allows our customers to better position themselves in front of their customers.  


we do not claim to be perfect, but we monitor and adjust our support to our customers so that we can live up to our motto of “we deliver the right product, to the right location, at the right price, on time, every time”.


by providing these types of solutions with this objective, we provide innovation in sync with you.




hall news

 hall announcement – jamie binkle11 december 2024we are pleased to officially welcome jamie binkle as our […]employee spotlight – dele adetunji21 october 2024hall is excited to announce that dele adetunji m.sc., itil, […]employee spotlight – alicia croson21 october 2024hall is thrilled to announce that alicia croson has been […] 



testimonials


“don, best wishes!  many thanks to you, as hall has been a key vendor enabling eh!tel’s growth!” 


antonius (twan) peeterseh!tel networks inc







click here to obtain your n95 masks and other ppe





attention: we have received notification that a fraudulent company is trying to use hall telecommunications email communications to solicit fraudulent purchases. if you suspect or have received a message that is suspicious(using “halltell.com” … not “halltel.com”), please contact us immediately. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and thank you for your help stopping this activity.


for assistive living solutions, please click below:



 



 
 







hall telecommunications

5477 rr.5 hwy #6 northguelph, ontario, canadan1h 6j2



office: 1-519-822-5420 • fax : 1-519-822-5462 • toll free: 1-800-265-2667email: custserve@halltel.comwe accept interac, mastercard, visa, american express and electronic fund transfer.



© copyright 2021 hall telecommunications ltd. all rights reservedsite created and maintained by eyebeam design inc.



terms & conditions
privacy policy
holiday hours






















live support is offline

