


pinoy showbiz weblog























pinoy showbiz weblog
a source of independent information, views and opinions on the philippine entertainment scene















pauleen luna on uno magazine
tuesday, december 19, 2006

pauleen luna is the latest young star to pose for a pictorial in a men's magazine. pinoy showbuzz has the goodies.q & awhy did you enter showbusiness?because performing is something that i love to do. it’s my passion.what do you consider as the turning point in your career?when i transferred to gma 7if you weren’t in showbiz, what kind of career would you have?i think i would be a photographerwhat is your biggest frustration/regret?nothing, i believe everything happens for a reasonwhat do most people don’t know about you?i’m really makulit and i’m a god-fearing personwhat is your most unforgettable moment/experience?when i joined extra challenge!what are you most proud of?i rapelled down the gma building and that i live my life for godwhat do you value most?my family my relationship with godwhat do you want to achieve?a lot of thingswhat is your advice to aspiring artists?never give up. if you really know what you want to do, give it your all. and always remember, focus. and “sticks and stones may break your bones but words can never hurt you.”pauleen, who entered philippine showbiz in may of 2002 turned 19 this november 10th. she is fond of surfing the internet, reading and watching dvds.(source)







super inggo is blogging
wednesday, september 27, 2006

abs cbn's newest pinoy superhero is blogging at superinggo.blogspot.com. check out videos, interviews and episode guides over there.







gulong ng palad - preview of things to come
sunday, march 26, 2006

those fortunate enough to have watched the gulong ng palad episode where lead character luisa's (kristine hermosa) father, tomas (joel torre), died of a combination of a heart-attack and a train track accident would remember the preview that abs-cbn presented right after the show. in the succeeding events after the death of tomas, menang (cherie gil) loses the mayoralty elections and has now lost most of her money. she then experiences a mutilating accident, where a half of her face gets burned in a fire.then menang and her son, carding (tj trinidad) now have to face poverty. it seems the tide has turned, as luisa's family has somehow amassed some fortune, and is now living a rich, comfortable life.so now things get exciting. each day i watch gulong ng palad, i'm eagerly anticipating how things will turn out. i'm still wondering how menang will get burned, and how luisa's family will manage to become rich.







where is ang panday?
friday, march 03, 2006

it's been a couple of months since the first chapter of ang panday ended. abs-cbn promised chapter two is coming early this 2006. but it's march and we still haven't had a peek at chapter 2!at any rate, i'm enjoying watching gulong ng palad so much, that i would have hardly noticed. but i'm kind of missing the panday action scenes (and of course the heart evangelista outfits, hehe).







rustom is gay. what's new?


pinoy big brother celebrity edition housemate rustom padilla admitted he's gay.so, what's new?well, for one thing, rustom's younger brother, robin, telling national television that it's all right for his brother to be gay.robin went to the pinoy big brother house fuming mad earlier to confront rustom's fellow housemate christian vasquez, who had been wearing skimpy outfits seemingly to tease rustom.things all went well, though. the brothers were able to spend some time with each other. robin left the house in a calm mood, asking the viewing public to just respect his brother--after all, gays in the pinoy showbiz industry aren't uncommon.







is anyone watching pinoy big brother celebrity edition?
wednesday, march 01, 2006

i mean, it doesn't seem to be as popular as the original pinoy big brother. what gives?maybe people got bored of the concept. or maybe it's not as exciting to see celebs on tv than total strangers (well, cass and sam weren't exactly strangers to showbiz, actually).i, for one, no longer watch pbb celebrity edition because it didn't seem to be as exciting as the original pbb was.here's something exciting: rustom padilla admits he's gay!wait. that's not exactly new news, isn't it. he's been as gay as can be ever since he returned to the philippines from the us a couple of years ago! i wonder what his brother robin would say (i bet he'd beat the hell out of rustom).







any new scandals lately?


i've been very busy so it's been more than a month since my last article here. does anyone want to discuss anything pinoy-showbiz related? any new scandals lately? what's interesting in the philippine entertainment scene? it's all politics on tv these days, especially with the failed coup attempts.







gulong ng palad theme not original?
friday, january 27, 2006

according to the j spot, the gulong ng palad theme song is not original, and was copied from a 1975 french movie theme.here's something interesting. i read and verified that the theme for gnp has the very same melody as the 1975 soft-core french film emmanuelle 2.i have yet to acquire a copy of the gulong ng palad theme, but i got myself a copy of l'amour d'aimer, the main theme from emmanuelle 2, sung by sylvia kristel (the film's lead actress).if you're familiar with the gnp series and theme, check out l'amour d'aimer (sometimes also referred to as "emmanuelle's 7th heaven" and "love song for emmanuelle"). tell me what you think. is gulong ng palad a ripoff?    listen to the french song (mp3). it sounds surprisingly simlar to gulong ng palad (the latest version of which was sung by jerome sala).does anyone have an mp3 audio of the gnp theme?first, there was pinoy ako being copied from 1980's new wave group the care. now it's gulong ng palad--remember that the original gnp was aired in the 1970's also. it's been about 30 years!







some gulong ng palad observations
tuesday, january 17, 2006

i've been getting a peek of abs-cbn's latest gulong ng palad soap opera and i couldn't help but wonder about some oddities.for one, it seems that the country folk, particularly luisa, kristine hermosa's character, always get to wear cool looking, spanking new branded clothes. i also notice how made up the characters are. and they're supposed to be struggling and poor?also, why in the world would the writers give the name carding to the rich kid played by tj trinidad, love-interest of luisa. "carding" is, well, a traditional filipinization of "richard" or "ricardo," but i don't think it's exactly a nickname a well-meaning mother from the elite class would give his beloved son.lastly, i'm not too fond of the haunting gulong ng palad theme. too bad, since it's what i usually lss on, since i hear it on tv all the time!







gulong ng palad revived
sunday, january 15, 2006

abs-cbn, one of the philippines' larger networks, revives the 70's soap opera gulong ng palad (loosely translated to "wheels of fate"). the television comeback, while modernized and revamped with present-day allusions and storylines, still embodies the poor-girl-meets-rich-boy story.in this 21st century incarnation, matinee idols kristine hermosa and tj trinidad play the lead roles of luisa and carding.  from the abs-cbn website:the two star crossed lovers played by kristine and tj will bring back the                      good old days of gulong ng palad which was first a radio drama in 1949 then was made into a movie and a tv series in 1977. the classic story line of rich kid love poor girl will surely reach out and touch the hearts of audiences again.gulong ng palad likewise starrs young arists joross gamboa,                      roxanne guinoo, hazel ann mendoza, mhyco aquino and nash aguash. watch out for sexy actress andrea del rosario who plays the vilainess role.







chatboard!




















 
        name
 
        url or email
 
        message/s(smilies) 
        







powered by tagboard message board












google search

















web

this site















recent posts

pauleen luna on uno magazine
super inggo is blogging
gulong ng palad - preview of things to come
where is ang panday?
rustom is gay. what's new?
is anyone watching pinoy big brother celebrity edi...
any new scandals lately?
gulong ng palad theme not original?
some gulong ng palad observations
gulong ng palad revived

archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006
september 2006
december 2006

links

pinoy tech blog
pbb forum
pbb forum topsites

contact the author

email: showbizpinoy(at)gmail.com












all articles copyright their respective authors, unless expressly stated otherwise.


the views expressed here are solely of the author or the cited articles' respective sources, unless expressly stated otherwise. links to external sites do not necessarily translate to an endorsement, but are intended as supporting details, or to lead to information considered by the author to be interesting.
		powered for blogger by blogger templates - original design by michael heilemann.
	



