







sun printing | print and creative services in wausau, wi










































































































services


            about
          

            news
          

            contact
          

            templates
          



            upload a file
          





back


            print
          

            creative
          

            mailing
          

            large graphics
          

            web development
          













































































services

print
creative
mailing
large graphics
web development

aboutnewscontacttemplates











upload a file









scroll






  

our roots:from thinkin’ to inkin’.we’re creatives, craftsmen, technicians and specialists teamed up to deliver reliable, beautiful and effective solutions to printed communication.sun’s capabilities have grown to provide not just a broad range of print, but creative, large graphic, digital media, mailing and fulfillment services. from concept to completion, sun can provide a full range of communication solutions and services.  




    learn more
  

 




 







 











old fashioned values
by choosing sun, you’re choosing to do business with people who are invested in your projects and the community. we welcome a challenge, work through the complexities, and meet deadlines because that’s the way we've done business for over 65 years. at sun, our team works together for you. you expect us to do our best and get it right...that’s what we want, too.










6decades of printestablished in the early 1950s, ed kieffer acquired the business, and still operates as a family-owned business, recently acquiring a second facility and a large expansion of print capabilities. ed would be proud to see his sun press is still going strong.

 

3generationstoday we are a third-generation, family-owned business. with ed’s children running the show for the last 30 years, the third generation of kieffer’s are stepping up to the plate.

  

1print familynow a team of almost 40 employees, all bringing different backgrounds, expertise and talent to the table, sun operates as one big print family.

 
















inker’s at heart
be it offset, digital or large format print…ink, toner and uv is our blood, sweat and tears. whatever ideas your imagination sparks, there’s a very good chance we can, or have already printed it.





 






  

our latest addition:we’re more than just paper.although print remains an indispensable tool in reaching your customers, in today’s digital world, there’s even greater pressure to make sure every marketing dollar invested will deliver results. we are committed to providing you with integrated options that save you time and money while increasing the impact of your message.our talented team offers a wide spectrum of services including mailing and creative, however printing is at our core. whether you need offset, digital or large format, full color or single color printing - no project is too big or too small.




    learn more
  

 




 

our goal



the way we produce and use printing will continuously change. that's why we offer offset, digital and large format printing, paired with countless finishing options, depending on your needs. we pride ourselves on evolving with our industry and sharing those tools and skills with our customers to keep them on the forefront of their industries.

 

printsun has several offset and digital sheet fed options. based on format, size of paper, quantities and finishing we can produce both simple and complex projects with remarkable results and outstanding accuracy.creativedesign experts with in-depth print knowledge. we bring a fresh perspective to your marketing activities. we elevate brands to the next level, both offline and online through brand development, graphic design, responsive websites and of course printed collateral.large graphicsthe world is big, and so are the ways you can connect with your customers. the sun wide format team can produce any shape and size of indoor and outdoor graphic on a variety of substrates from vinyl to glass, metal to wood, and paper to canvas.finishingsun understands that the final steps – trimming, folding, die-cutting, binding and packaging – are as important to a successful job as the print quality achieved on press. we have the latest in bindery equipment to provide sharp folds, accurate die-cutting, clean cuts, and expert binding so your final product will meet all of your expectations.



mailstatic and variable information mailings can be great for business.  we offer design, list management, data processing, printing and inserting. sun has the tools and expertise to provide your organization with customized end-to-end mailing solutionsfulfillmentgetting your job to you in a timely fashion is always our priority and we take every measure necessary to do so. our central location is convenient for receiving, storing and distributing your finished goods. we maintain a clean and safe environment for worry-free storage. we are a trusted vendor offering this vital component to your supply chain management.online orderingsun works with businesses to create private b2b websites containing all of their print assets for easy online ordering. our custom storefronts are great for maintaining consistency between multiple departments or locations. they allow for variable data input to personalize your print pieces for seamless customization. 

 







 

“what they’re saying






testimonial setup





















sun always takes great care of us and our business needs. post cards, business cards, and more!






















they were great to work with and helped me tremendously. i strongly encourage anyone who needs printing of any kind to reach out.






















the service is great; i was helped right away, and they're always kind and professional…i wish i would have gone here sooner!






















staff is very helpful and friendly. they do an awesome job!






















great service and a wonderful supporter of the community.






















best printing place in town.











 






introduction



banner



old fashioned values



our impact



inker's



more than paper



our goal



testimonials












sign up to receive news and updates.





email address






sign up




 privacy policy
thank you!







sun printing
1800 grand avenue,
wausau, wi, 54403,
united states


hours
































 

printcreativemailinglarge graphicsweb development













aboutnewscontactupload a filecareers

 

©suncreatives | 1800 grand avenue • wausau, wi 54403 • 715-845-4911 | sun@sunprinting.com



privacy policy | terms & conditions









