


home - chattahoochee road runners



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter










member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel





















menu


home saturday runmembership information membership photo albums contact us event calendar contact us




















background image url
//s3.amazonaws.com/clubexpressclubfiles/144241/graphics/banner_669476927.jpg






















metro atlanta social running club welcoming runners of all ages, paces, and training interests.

crr is a social running club.
every saturday morning, we get together for our long run.  the course changes each week at a different location around the city. we also have ad-hoc weekday groups and other social events.

we focus on the saturday long run. we supply maps with distance choices ranging from 6 miles to 20 miles.
    
throughout the course, we have water stops and powerade to keep you hydrated.
    
we reward ourselves and go for coffee after the run and periodically the club buys!
    
we have runners of all abilities and ages, so whether you are training for your first 10k or your 10th boston marathon, you will have company.
    

in addition, we have several special events a year including our own 5k/10k race in sandy springs  the chattahoochee 5k/10k










 



 



 






join the club

ready to run?  by joining the club, you will receive weekly emails with notifications of the run location as well as access to discounts and invitations to social events. if you haven’t run with us before and want to check out the club, sign up for a free trial membership to find out where the upcoming run is. let's run!




calendar of events
our saturday “go-the-distance” runs are visible to members only, but non-members are welcome to see what other events we have planned.  view the calendar for club organized runs, upcoming races members are planning to run and club social events. interested in joining us for a trial run? contact us for details. 



for members only!  
looking for someone to run with during the week or to find a buddy to run a race with?  this is the club chat room to connect and send kudos to your friends. 

























home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 










