





ohio valley quilter's guild – a meeting place for those interested in the art of quilting











































 









skip to content









facebook 



 
















 


search for:








homekaren k. stonemembershipmeetingsabout ussponsorsshopcontact ushomekaren k. stonemembershipmeetingsabout ussponsorsshopcontact us



 










welcome









welcomebp_admin2023-06-15t23:45:25+00:00

the ohio valley quilters’ guild (ovqg) was founded in april, 1981, by people interested in preserving the heritage of quilting, promoting excellence in the art, and communicating old and new ideas. the ovqg has nearly 300 current members from around the cincinnati tri-state area. anyone interested in the art of quiltmaking is welcome to join the ovqg.
 

show & tell
enjoy our monthly show and tell photos.

meetings, programs  &  sewing opportunities
donate to our quilt of valor efforts!
scroll down for additional information on ongoing activities!
workshops
ovqg is offerings workshops with variety of nationally known quilt instructors to teach various quilting designs and techniques.  

meetings
our meetings are held monthly, usually on the first thursday of the month. they include a short business meeting, members’ show and tell, and a program. popular features of the business meeting are several drawings and opportunities to interact with other members. the monthly program may be a nationally known speaker, a local talent, a report from one of our outreach committees, an auction or sale, or some other quilt related activity.
workshops
many of our speakers also offer lessons on their particular style or on a skill they wish to share. workshops are usually held on the days following the program and do require registration and an additional fee.
sew-ins
periodically throughout the year we offer a guild sponsored opportunity for a small number of members to get together for a day of quilting and friendship.
ongoing sewing groups
many of our members have formed small groups that get together on a scheduled basis. these may be focused on a particular skill, project, neighborhood, or just a good time to sit and sew together.
retreats
1-2 times a year, ovqg sponsors a retreat.  this is typically held within the tri-state area, and gives the opportunity to “get away” and spend several days quilting, socializing, and meeting other guild members.  open to all ovqg guild members.
quilts of valor
guild members may choose to participate in the creation of and donations of quilts of valor, in alignment with the quilts of valor foundation.  their mission statement is: ”to cover service members and veterans touched by war with comforting and healing quilts of valor.”
kids komforts
child oriented quilts are created and donated to various charitable organizations throughout the area, to comfort a child in need.









close product quick view×



















 
 













 
 
 





		copyright 2016-2025 | all rights reserved | ohio valley quilters guild	


facebook
 
 
 
 


 
 






 



























































































go to top




