




carsley solutions








































				advancing
				critical
				business
				systems
			




contact carsley
                      |  
                    1 (586) 745-7203







 

 toggle navigation     1 (586) 745-7203




services 





software development
desktop app development
web app development
mobile app development


internet solutions
web administration
web design
managed web hosting
web marketing


plex integration
semiconductor mfg. software customization
business consulting
systems integration






products 






  learn more 




  learn more 




    learn more 




  learn more 







about 





our company
about us
experience
valued clients
careers
employment benefits



contact us
carsley and associates, llc 455 e eisenhower pkwy suite 300 pmb1031 ann arbor, mi 48108
1 (586) 745-7203
inquiries@carsley.com













 






 













optimize systems.
maximize value.
providing advanced technical solutions that deliver shareholder value for over 25 years.
learn more










your manufacturing
automation partner.
as a plex advanced partner, we know manufacturing from oem’s to steel to semiconductors and beyond.
learn more










existing 3rd party system integration with plex using carsley control hub℠
learn more










automated order entry, order validation, and order acknowledgment processing.
learn more






    previous      next  

carsley solutions
plex
control hub℠
optic ai℠



carsley integrated technology solutions,configured to optimize business processes.
























a trusted plex partner.
as a plex partner, the carsley team designs, integrates, and manages erp implementations for a wide range of industrial and manufacturing applications.
learn more




>



software solutions powered by carsley.
carsley client partners can take advantage of proven software solutions that address real-world issues.



quality management suite is a web-based solution to aid your company with iso 9000 certification.
learn more



sentinel equipment block controllers raise yield, reduce costs, and improve equipment uptime.
learn more



a powerful, ai driven tool for automated order entry, order validation, and order acknowledgement processing.
learn more



all carsley products 









people are talking aboutcarsley solutions.



“the nesting integration your team developed for us with plex is working really well for us! thanks again for taking us on on short notice and getting that solution going.”
–bmg of kansas, inc.



“the carsley team does a great job! they have been a preferred uaw ford national programs vendor for years because they work well with our team and have superb business and it skill sets. they are able to consult, design and implement the right solutions. i recommend them to any company that is looking for solid it solutions to solve their business problems.”
–uaw ford national programs center


“the purpose of this letter is to congratulate the carsley solutions team on a job well done. we are very impressed with their ability to pull a project together on virtually a moment’s notice and deliver within our short time frame.”
–tri-tec llc


“over the past 15 years, i have relied on the carsley group for more than one project and have never been disappointed. we are dependent on mike and his team for everything from special projects to web hosting. a job well done, every time.”
–the local credit union


“carsley solutions managed our project so that the product delivered to us was on time, under budget and exceeded our expectations. i would highly recommend carsley solutions to any organization in need of their services.”
–us steel manufacturer


“mike, you guys are incredible! you created a solution that has the power of business objects and also has a simpler, easier to use interface for our users, and it has allowed us to make better business decisions.”
–steel warehouse company


“mike, you and your carsley team do an outstanding job! thank you for your help over the years.”
–fiat chrysler automobiles


“the carsley team in its entirety are our most trusted and preferred it vendor!”
–tim decoste, uaw ford


















the testimonial above does not constitute a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of your technology solution.



carsley solutions. recogonized by industry leaders.
  























about carsley  |  	careers  |  	terms of use  |  	privacy statement  |  	sitemap




© 2025 carsley and associates, llc








