






associate graduate students – uci – the official graduate and professional student government at uci.


































skip to content



toggle navigationaboutstructurecouncilcommitteesexecutive officersexecutive staffdocumentsconstitution and bylawsbudgetlegislationcouncil meeting agendascouncil meeting minutesservicesconference grant programstudent project fundsparkingags newsadvocacyinternaladministrator meetingsuci’s zotmail policyexternalexternal collaborationstop zot n’ voteresourcesstudent government student media (sgsm)campus resourcesgraduate divisiongraduate resource centerdivision of career pathwaysstudent housingcounselingcampus medical care assistance fund
 





university homeags webmaster2025-01-15t16:51:12-08:00 
associated graduate studentsrepresenting and supporting over 7,000 graduate and professional students.
what is ags?upcoming ags eventsags is an unincorporated association of the state of california, and the recognized graduate student government association at the university of california, irvine. the ags is governed by a president, five vice presidents elected by the council, and a council of representatives elected by each academic unit. ags collects $9 per quarter from each graduate student who are not represented by subordinate graduate student governments.
students who are represented by the associated medical student government, the student bar association, and the merage student association elect representatives to ags and remit $4.50 per student to ags.

ags structurethe associated graduate students have four subgroups that work to support uci’s graduate student body.
ags council – an elected body of graduate representatives from each school that debate and approve organizational initiatives and long-term goals. council members are elected by each academic unit to represent the students of that academic unit.executive cabinet – elected leadership of ags who oversee its day-to-day operation
committees – internal ags groups composed of a member of the executive cabinet, council members, as well as staff working in a single domain to improve the lives of graduate and professional students

staff – students hired on a part-time basis to assist with day-to-day operations and committee functions
our servicesconference grant
ags has created a conference grant program to award graduate students small grants of up to $250 to help offset the costs accrued to attend academic conferences. for more information, visit our conference grants page.
student project funding
ags can help fund projects and events of wide interests that are organized and held by a graduate student club, group, or organization. for more information, visit our project funds page.
parking
have questions about parking? ags has compiled a set of resources that may help students navigate this often frustrating part of life at uci.
other resources
looking for additional help? try our list of on-campus and off-campus resources.
updatescovering topics from uci to politics and student organization events.
additional memoranda from associated student governments to uci administrationags vp|october 21st, 2024|read more off comments off on additional memoranda from associated student governments to uci administration|
memoranda from associated student governments to uci administrationags vp|october 21st, 2024|read more off comments off on memoranda from associated student governments to uci administration|
response to chancellor gillman’s october 10 email about israel and palestineags webmaster|january 30th, 2024|read more off comments off on response to chancellor gillman’s october 10 email about israel and palestine|
ags instagram        view this profile on instagram            uci ags (@uciags) • instagram photos and videos
ags facebook



 
 
associated graduate students
university of california, irvine
g244 student center
irvine, ca 92697-1375

vpadmin@ags.uci.edu

(949) 824-2400

monday-friday: 9:00am – 4:00pm
saturday & sunday: closed
recent posts



additional memoranda from associated student governments to uci administration


memoranda from associated student governments to uci administration


response to chancellor gillman’s october 10 email about israel and palestine


quick linksstudent project fundsconference grant programparkingsgsm resourcesapply for project fundsmenuabout

 
 
page load link

















go to top




