

wholesale sterling silver jewelry, wholesale beads, wholesale swarovski crystals, wholesale jewelry making supplies, semi-precious stones,prayer box, bali, letter beads, charm bracelet, watch face and findings.














wholesale sterling silver jewelry beads wholesale jewelry making supplies wholesale swarovski crystals















wholesale jewelry making supplies, wholesale bead supply, wholesale beads, wholesale sterling silver jewelry --
      we are a wholesale bead supplier for sterling silver jewelry findings,
      wholesale swarovski crystals, bali, alphabet letter beads, turquoise, prayer boxes, semi-precious gemstones,
      silver charms, watch faces and beading supplies.
     











new items(fresh water pearl necklace)





new items(gold filled chain)










timewellcorp.com shipping schedule




our showroom open on monday, wednesday, and friday, and will ship online orders on those days with the exception of usps holidays.   our store will be closed on usps holidays and we will not ship online orders.  please plan your order accordingly.

list of observed holidays: martin luther king jr. day, presidents day, good friday, memorial day, independence day, labor day, columbus day, veterans day, thanksgiving 24-25, christmas to new year’s day








inventory reduction sale




timewell is having an inventory reduction sale. price displayed in the website is the regular item price.  when you check out, your order will also show the regular price.  but don’t worry, we will manually apply the discount to your order when we process it.  this is a limited time offer while supplies last.  all sales are final and no returns accepted for inventory reduction items.

swarovski crystal beads  -------  30% off
semi-precious gemstone beads  -------  50% off
cat’s eye beads  -------  50% off
czech glass beads  -------  50% off
shell/abalone beads  -------  50% off
glass beads   -------  50% off
cz beads  -------  50% off
base metal findings  -------  50% off
dyed and bone beads  -------  50% off
tools and scarf  -------  50% off
tbar, velvet pad  -------  50% off
plastictray, foam ring pad  -------  50% off
manikin display, neck form  -------  50% off
suede spool, b092beads  -------  50% off





check out some of our best sellers







sterling silver snake chain

      base metal: sterling silver
      size: 16 inches
      price: $14.85 one piece







gold filled charms

      type: gold filled charms
      size: 3/8"x 5/8"
      price: $3.8









sterling silver balloon clasp

      size: 5x9mm
      price: $6.30 10 pieces
     






sterling silver lever back

      type: earring findings
      style: euro wire
      price: $22.50 (10 pairs)
      $176.35 (100 pairs) 









freshwater pearls

      color: white rice
      size: 4~5mm, 16" strand
      price: $11.25 5 strands







silver chains by the foot

      type: bulk sterling silver chains
      (hammered/shiny round)
      size: 12x19mm/small oval(8x13mm) 
      price: $14.00 per foot









sterling silver engavable tag

      size: 9.2x10.5mm
      price: $12.90 10 pieces







turquoise nugget

      type: semi-precious gemstones
      size: 10~12x13~17mm
      price: $9.35 per strand









sterling silver bali beads

      shape: daisy flower
      size: 4mm
      price: $21.30 8.25" per strand
      (approx. 159 pieces, 15.21g)
     






swarovski austrian crystals

      size: 5301 bi-cone 4mm
      color: crystal
      price: $3.95 72 pieces
      (more discount w/ bulk buy)
     








sterling silver letter blocks

      size: 4.5mm (made in usa)
      type: alphabet cubes
      price: $2.05 each
     






sterling silver lobster clasp

      size: 4mm x 10mm
      price: $6.30 10 pieces
     








shiny sterling silver beads

      size: 4mm
      type: seamless
      price: $11.90 per 100 beads
     






sterling silver toggles

      size: circle 1/2", bar 3/4"
      price: $27.35 10 sets
     








soft flex

      size: 49 strands .019
      price: $38.00 100 ft
     






ss breast cancer charm

      size: 1/2" long
      type: breast cancer ribbon charm
      price: $10.00 5 pieces
     







wholesale findings/components
sterling silver toggle clasp, lobster clasp, bail,ss & gf bead, watch face, wholesale jewelry findings.




wholesale beads
swarovski austrian crystal, alphabet cube (letter bead), bali bead, czech glass bead, cat's eye, fresh water pearls.






wholesale semiprecious stone
turquoise, citrine, cherry quartz, onyx, mop,rose quartz, jasper, coral, amethyst, peridot.




wholesale charms & chains
sterling silver charm bracelet, enamel charm,prayer box charm, sterling silver chain by the foot.






wholesale sterling silver jewelry
prayer box, locket, pendant, earring, ring,bracelet, necklace, hand beaded bracelet, anklet.




wholesale jewelry tools & supplies
softflex beading wire, beadalon memory wire,crimping tool, beading board, silver foil gift box.






here are some jewelry q's & a's




what exactly is sterling silver jewelry (or 925 sterling silver)?
       silver, even that has been fully work-hardened, gradually recrystallizes and softens at room temperature. 
       to maintain hardness, other metals are added to form alloys that are harder, stronger, and less susceptible to scratching and marring.        
       the best-known copper-silver alloy is sterling, which is 92.5 percent silver and 7.5 percent copper (hence the name 925 sterling silver).
      









what is gold filled jewelry (gf)?
       gold filled is a process of pressure bonding a thin layer of gold to a base metal core (usually brass).   
       gold filled (unlike gold plating) has an actual layer of gold, giving it more value and making it tarnish-resistant.
      









what is vermeil?
       vermeil or vermeille (pronounced either ver-meel' or ver-may') is gold-plating process developed in france in the mid-1700s. 
       early-day vermeil involved the use of mercury. 
       modern-day vermeil is produced by a safe electrolytic process. 
       the inside core is sterling silver and the outside is a coating of gold.   
       gold plate adheres ok, but not perfectly to silver.   
       where the plating has not bonded, the silver will tarnish underneath the plating. 
       on the gold-plated surface, this will appear as dark, blotchy spots. 
       the gold-plate will darken over time, and will eventually wear off. 
       on highly decorated surfaces such as bali beads, the irregular darkening adds an antique effect to the piece. 
       if you are mixing vermeil and gold-filled pieces together, remember that the vermeil will darken, but the gold-filled will not.
      









what is enamel charm?
       enamel charm is created by applying powdered glass, colored with oxides, to a base metal (sterling silver or gold) 
       under high temperatures to melt the glass and fuse it to the metal surface.   the vivid colors of enamel charms 
       make them very popular in making charm bracelets.
      









what is mother-of-pearl (mop)?
       mother-of-pearl is the lining of a shell.  it is usually the same color, 
       composition and quality as the pearls that were produced by the particular mollusk.   
       mother-of-pearl is often used in sterling silver jewelry because of its regal and sophisticated look.
      









what are bali beads?  what's the difference between bali silver and sterling silver?
	strictly speaking, bali beads are silver beads produced in bali, indonesia. 
	these beads are handmade (not cast) with unique design and intricate detail. 
	because of its popularity, more countries are now producing this type of beads. 
	therefore, the term 'bali beads' is now generally referring to 'bali-style beads'. 
	bali silver usually has less than 92.5% silver content hence cannot be designated as sterling. 
	when buying bali beads, one should always look for handmade bali beads (vs. the cheap cast ones). 
	handmade bali beads are far more superior in quality, giving more value to your jewelry.
      









what is swarovski crystal "ab"?
        swarovski crystal offers a wide range of colors and special coatings. 
        special coatings are bonded chemically to the outer surface of the swarovski crystals for a more brilliant effect. 
        the special effect and special coating of the beads are permanent. 
        aurora borealis, better known as "ab", is one of the more popular swarovski crystal coatings that gives off a rainbow-like effect.
      









what is cz (cubic zirconia)?
        cz looks very similar to diamond and usually hard to distinguish the difference with the naked eye.   
        cz has many characteristics like diamond but at a fraction of the cost. 
        cz is slightly less brilliance (liveliness and sparkle) than diamonds, while having more fire (flashes of rainbow colors). 
        cz has a scientific hardness rating of 8.5 (vs. diamond 10) on the mohs' scale, hence can scratch glass (hardness 6~7). 
        cz is about 75% heavier than diamond and comes in variety of colors. 
        high quality cz is machine cut to exacting tolerances that duplicates the diamond-cutting process. 
        main sources of cz are united states, switzerland, thailand and china.
      














login 


new items

closeouts

design ideas

findings/components

   diamond sterling silver

   clasps (toggle)

   clasps (hook)

   clasps (other)

   ss & gf beads

   bails

   stamping supplies

   earring findings

   pins & rings

   base metal

   miscellaneous

beads

   swarovski crystal

   alphabet letter blocks

   czech glass beads

   cat's eye

   bali beads

   freshwater pearls

   glass beads

   shell/abalone beads

   miscellaneous

semi-precious stones

   round

   nuggets

   chips/other shapes

   miscellaneous

charms & chains

   charm bracelets

   sterling silver charms

   gold filled charms

   charms with stones

   sterling silver chains

   ss chains (by the foot)

   gf chains (by the foot)

   gemstone chains by the foot

finished jewelry

   initial slide bracelets

   prayer boxes/lockets

   christmas items

   pendants

   earrings

   rings

   bracelets

   anklets

   necklaces

   other

tools & supplies

   tools

   supplies

accessories

   flat wallets

   belt

   bridal accessories

   scarf


about us

contact us

store policy

faq

birthstones/gemstones

guest book




we accept



















whole sale sterling silver jewelry & beads, whole sale jewelry making supply, lowest price & cheapest jewelry supplier

copyright 2004 timewell corporation.  all rights reserved.




