


the unmutual website - the prisoner patrick mcgoohan portmeirion home page






 
 

        quick links:
site 
        map 
articles 
        & essays
contacts

events
fan 
        fiction 
faq
funmutual
interviews
links
local 
        groups
news 
        archive
photos 
        & art
reviews
shop
site 
        history 
other 
        features:







the 
        prisoner

        complete book
        guide



network
        dvds/soundtracks










            the web 
            
            the unmutual website 


well 
            come to the unmutual website - dedicated to the 1960s tv series "the 
            prisoner", starring patrick mcgoohan, and the village of portmeirion 
            in north wales where the series was filmed.
stop 
            press:  29/3/2020 - 


 link to a new essay about the prisoner as decoded in the context of the tibetan book of the dead here...  25/03/2020 - new prisoner podcast for 2020 here, guide to prisoner podcasts here... the guardian piece on coronavirus lockdown references the prisoner here... 15/3/20 - rolling stone magazine places the prisoner at position 6 in 'greatest sci fi series of all time' list here... 13/3/20 - den of geek westerns article mentions 'living in harmony' here... 25/2/20 - mcgoohan in 'columbo ashes to ashes' article here... 13/2/20 - portmeirion event celebrating the beatles here, covered by s4c tv show 'heno' on 21/2/20... 'the prisoner illustrated history' book reduced in network book sale here... 10/2/20 - economist mentions the prisoner here... 

latest 
            news.....



covid-19 events update 
in response to advice from public health england and the uk government regarding social and public activities, social distancing, and the use of public transport during the covid-19 pandemic, locations tours organiser dave lally has wisely announced that the 'walkabout' events planned for april 2020 have been postponed.
a new date will be announced (in addition to the planned october tours, which as of march 2020 are still going ahead) as soon as the pandemic/crisis eases. in addition, due to regulations regarding the closure of pubs in the uk, all local group meetings are also cancelled.
 the unmutual website hopes that all readers, and their families and friends, remain safe during these worrying times. please stay at home whenever possible, keeping in contact with vulnerable people via online methods or telephone. keep social interaction to a minimum, don't panic buy items, and respect and value our invaluable nhs and nhs workers.
 #stayhomesavelives 




portmeirion closed 
 following regulation and advice from the uk government, the village of portmeirion is now closed, to both day visitors and guests, probably until at least the beginning of july, in response to the covid-19 (coronavirus) pandemic.
the jobs of all staff members are safe. click here to read portmeirion's statement in full.





pylons to finally go 
 in 2014, gwynedd county council agreed that the pylons (left) which can be seen across the dwyryd estuary from portmeirion (near to the harlech toll road) would be removed, to improve the beauty of the landscape.
tuw is delighted to confirm, via news on the bbc website here, that the go-ahead has been given for tunnelling work to begin, so that the electricity cables concerned can be placed underground, and for the pylons to be removed.
with thanks to andrew frith for this news item. image (c) google.




saul out
 'better call saul' is a netflix tv drama series, now in its fifth season. eagle-eyed viewers are noticing that episode five of this fifth season had a rather familiar feel, with the character mike waking up in a mysterious (mexican) village in an apparent nod to 'arrival' (where strange taxi cabs are present and phone calls can only be local ones).
creator peter gould has confirmed that this was indeed inspired by 'the prisoner' in an interview here.
with thanks to kevin ryerson and michael brown for this news item.




who's that? 
 'the faceless ones' is a 1960s 'doctor who' story, in which not all of the episodes survive in the bbc archive. recently, the story, with newly animated episodes using the surviving soundtrack, has been released on bluray.
the newly animated episodes contain a sneaky but deliberate 'prisoner' reference, with a plane passenger seen wearing a number six blazer! in the on-screen notes regarding such 'easter eggs', the animation team reference this as a nod to 'the prisoner'. the story features 'prisoner' actors colin gordon and wanda ventham in prominent roles. 
with thanks to jamie hartley cowan for this news item and screenshot ((c) bbc enterprises) . additional info: andrew frith. 




the joy of sechs 
 exciting news for german fans of 'the prisoner' (re-named 'nummer sechs' ('number six') in that country) is that the series is about to be re-released on dvd!
all 17 episodes (re-dubbed into german, of course) are to be included in pidax films new release, which appears to contain the same extras as the previous release by koch media, although at this time it is unclear if the booklet included in that release will again feature, or if there is also to be a bluray edition.
the dvd set will form part of pidax's 'classic series' collection.  click here for more info and to pre-order.  with thanks to michael brune for this news item. 




the man who would be king 
 readers will recall (see below) the news that the first official biography of 'the prisoner' number two actor (possibly best remembered for his role as jason king, and movies such as 'night of the eagle' and 'flash gordon') has been written, by tina wyngarde-hopkins.
tuw is delighted to confirm that pre-orders are now being taken for the book, which will be published on february 28th 2020. a 30% discount is available when ordering direct from the publishers here. 
the book is available in both hardback and kindle forms, and features a foreword by 'flash gordon' himself, sam l jones, and an afterword by actor steven berkoff (who writes that it is "a most remarkable biography"). contributors include melody anderson, annette andré , steven berkoff, brian blessed obe, carol cleveland, joel fabiani, caron gardner, hannah gordon, freddie jones, sam j. jones and many more!
for more details and reviews, click here.




new prints & badges from vice 
 tuw is excited to announce that the company vice press, who have in the past produced a number of very attractive and sought after limited edition prints of artwork based on 'the prisoner', have not one but two fantastic releases for january 2020.
at left is their latest print, by artist dan orgill. the print measures 50x70cm and has been printed in a limited edition of just 175. these offset lithograph prints have been produced on archival paper and will cost £40 each.
below is a beautiful set of enamel badges from vice, based on various imagery seen in the series. 


 measuring approximately 1 inch in diameter and made from hard enamel, these pins come with a rubber butterfly clutch and full colour backing card. available individually for £8, or as a set for £25. 
click here to visit the vice press website for more details, and to order items from january 30th 2020.  
with thanks to james henshaw of vice press.




model moke
 motobitz are a resin model production company who specialise in vehicles, and so it will be of great interest to 'prisoner' fans that they have a resin moke kit (left) now available!
the kit is based upon phil caunt's oroiginal 'prisoner' mini moke hlt 709c and is available from here. 


 
truly a limited edition,  run of 25 1:24 scale models is planned, of which at this time only 16 remain. much more complicated than a standard airfix-type kit, this kit is for experienced modellers.
with thanks to phil caunt for this news item. 




going commando
 fans of the 1960s patrick mcgoohan tv series 'danger man' may be interested in the latest issue of the popular uk war comic 'commando'.
entitled 'fog of war', the comic (issue 5297, january 2020) is centred around the maunsell sea forts (aka red sands forts), which featured in the 1966 episode 'not so jolly roger' of the series, where mcgoohan's john drake character masquerades as a pirate radio dj, based on one of the forts.
the comic is priced at only £2.25 and is available from wh smiths and other emporia. the cover artwork is by popular comic artist keith burns.
 


spring tours confirmed 
 sunday april 5th 2020 has been confirmed as the date for the next set of 'the prisoner' and 'danger man' locations walking tour days.
hosted by dave lally for over 35 years, the morning tour consists of 'danger man' locations and the afternoon tour over 20 locations from 'the prisoner' opening title sequence, and the episodes 'many happy returns', 'do not forsake', and 'fall out'.
free to attend, and always hugely popular and enjoyable, more details can be found on tuw's event page here.




iron mask coming to blu-ray 
 one of the most highly-regarded and best-loved movies to have starred patrick mcgoohan was the classic film 'the man in the iron mask'.
the movie co-starred richard chamberlain and jenny agutter and was released on dvd by network in the 2000s.
network and tuw are excited to announce that the film is coming to bluray in 2020! click here to pre-order. if you can't wait that long, or don't have a bluray player, you can get 10% off the £6.99 dvd at the village shop by quoting the code tallyho10 at checkout here. 

with thanks to geoff dodd for this news item.



village shop  sponsors b&n 
 the unmutual website is proud to announce that 'the village shop' is currently the sponsor of 'the benji and nick show', a popular cult tv podcast hosted by nicholas briggs and benji clifford.
each week they cover a popular cult tv show from the past or present, and have covered 'the prisoner' in the past, and regularly discuss other itc shows and the work of patrick mcgoohan. each episode is released on sundays, and also features listeners emails and regular chats with jamie 'son of gerry' anderson. 
click here for more info, and to listen to the podcast for exclusive discount codes on 'prisoner', 'danger man' and patrick mcgoohan merchandise at the shop, only available to podcast listeners! 




donald tosh r.i.p. 
 tuw is sad to confirm that writer donald tosh passed away on 3rd december 2019.
although best known for his work writing and scrpt-editing for 'doctor who', donald also submitted an unused storyline/script for 'the prisoner' series, and was interviewed about this for the steven ricks documentary 'the prisoner inspired' in the early 1990s.
donald was the last surviving 'script writer by profession', with only ian rakoff, tony sloman, and eric mival still alive who submitted storylines for the series (all of them being crew members on the series, with ian's submission becoming 'living in harmony'). tuw would like to extend its sincere sympathies to donald's family and friends.  with thanks to steven p for this news item. image (c) bbc. 




in the vortex
 the latest issue of vortex magazine, the free mag given out to subscribers and orderers of physical media from the company big finish's website, features a special feature on their 'the prisoner' audio series re-imagining, starring mark elstob as number six.
series three, the final series from the company, was released in november 2019 and a review of the series can be found here.
the magazine features behind the scenes details, photographs, and interviews with cast and crew, including mark elstob, lucy briggs-owen, genevieve gaunt, iain meadows, and writer, director, and executive producer nicholas briggs.
all three series of the big finish re-imagining can be purchased from the village shop here. click here for more details of the various series. 




flirty telly 
 the early part of december 2019 saw portmeirion appear on two popular programmes on british tv.
'flirty dancing', the show in which two people who have never met are trained to do a classical dance and only get to perform it together for the first time on their first date, debuted this year on channel 4. a recent episode featured a couple dancing and meeting on the piazza (left).
meanwhile, over on s4c, the welsh language channel, the popular nightly show 'heno' fetaured portmeirion's annual food and craft fair.




original moke for sale 
 several years ago, tuw reported that an original mini moke (seen on screen in several episodes in portmeirion, and also (with its regular number plate) in 'living in harmony' on the mgm backlot set, had been found in a barn in holland (see news item here).
after being bought at auction by fan phil caunt (info here), and after tens of thousands of pounds of restoration work, the vehicle now looks as good as new (left) and has been present at several events, including a celebration of itc and fall in.
sadly, owner phil caunt has decided to now put the moke up for sale, going under the hammer at auction in late 2020, unless a better offer comes to him beforehand. he told tuw: "it is with a heavy heart that, that i have now, after 5 years of ownership decided to sell 'the prisoner' mini moke hlt 709c. 
    

     i would very much prefer the car stays in the uk, and that the new owner is a prisoner fan, however this is ultimately out of my control." you can make enquiries by contacting tuw here, or by contacting phil via his facebook page here.




biggest finish 
 exciting, but yet sad, news for fans of big finish's audio re-imagning of 'the prisoner' is that the third, and final, series is now available to buy or download.
again starring mark elstob as number six, and lucy briggs-owen as kate butterworth, the set comprises of four episodes loosely based on the original series, written, directed, and produced by nicholas briggs .
click here for the unmutual website's full review of the set, which comes highly recommended, and here for further details on the set itself.




smokeless moke 
 one of the iconic images from 'the prisoner' is the mini moke taxi vehicles, ferrying inmates around the village.
now in 2020 these amazing vehicles have had a re-launched as electric vehicles for carrying tourists around hotels and resorts, as well as being a stylish road car. the electric moke has a range of 90 miles and a potential top speed of 75mph. 
with thanks to phil coomes for this news item.




eternal village update 
 for several years, the city of seattle has been a hub of 'the prisoner' activity, thanks to 'the eternal village'.
two successful events have taken place, a short documentary film produced, and no less than 25 podcasts created for the benefit of fans worldwide.
and the good news is... there's going to be more! organiser karl frunz writes; "


 the eternal village will be creating new programs that explore the role, merits and limits of individualism in modern society. for those interested in knowing about, contributing to or participating in our forthcoming programs . . . please "follow" our facebook page: here".  
these wonderful audio programmes include discussion about the episodes, and special guest interviews with actors, writers, fans, and creators and are highly recommended. click here to listen to the podcasts, and here to watch the short film about the 2017 event.




one in the village 
 each year, children in need and bbc's flagship nightly programme 'the one show' team up for a very special fundraising challenge.
the rickshaw challenge sees a team of six young people, each with inspirational stories to tell, along with 'the one show''s matt baker (pictured left and below with one young rider, josh, as they passed through meifod in mid-wales), complete a 400-mile trip around britain.
on friday 8th november 2019, the challenge passed through portmeirion ('the one show' had been live in portmeirion, but as the rickshaw was travelling behind schedule, the arrival in the village will be shown on monday 11th at 7.00pm on bbc1).
click here for more details, and for details of how to donate.
it's an intresting side note that 'the prisoner' began filming at portmeirion, and was completed at a studio complex in borehamwood, whilst the rickshaw challenge finished its first day in portmeirion, and will be completed at a studio complex at borehamwood.   images (c) tori davy and libby davy.

 


restoring the classics 
 one of the highlights of the recent 'a celebration of itc 2' event organised by tuw and quoit media at elstree was the presentation by md tim beddows, and restoration colourist jonathan wood, of the company network.
network have been responsible, of course, for not only releasing the great itc series (and much more), including 'the prisoner' and 'danger man', but also painstakingly restoring many of these series from the original film elements to enable us to enjoy them in glorious hd bluray.
at the event, jonathan presented a short step-by-step guide to the types and amounts of film used in such a process, and a fascinating look at the evolution of video, to dvd, to bluray.
as well as itc series, network have restored many other classics, and this week several folk including rick davy of tuw were invited to witness a special presentation of the superb restoration which has taken place for 'monty python's flying circus' for their new deluxe box set (pictured left). the restoration is astonishing, click here to see some comparison before-and-after shots, and more information on the set.
tuw would like to take this opportunity to publicly thank tim, jonathan, and everyone at network for the wonderful work they do restoring these classic series.
 'the prisoner' in beautifully restored hd can be purchased on dvd and bluray here, with a proportion of your spend donated to ty gobaith hospice.




village shop welcome offer 
 for many years the unmutual website has operated a village shop online, offering 'prisoner' and patrick mcgoohan books, dvds, cds, and merchandise, and tuw is delighted to annoce that the shop has had a revamp, dozens of new items, and a new home!
 https://www.theprisonershop.co.uk is the new address for the shop, which serves as the ultimate resource for 'prisoner', 'danger man', and patrick mcgoohan merchandise (see photo, left).  use the code welcome10 at checkout to get 10% off your first order! 

 
 


farewell angela 
 the unmutual website is sad to report that the eldest of the candy sisters (pictured left), angela, has passed away.
the then blackpool-based cabaret act were performing at butlin's in pwllheli in north wales in september 1966 when patrick mcgoohan asked them to be part of the 'dance of the dead' episode.
tuw extends its sincerest sympathies to angela's family and friends.
with thanks to sam denham for this news item. image (c) itv global, thanks to anthony rooney for the screengrab.




itc 2 success 
 on saturday 19th october 2019 a sell out crowd of 240 people attended 'a celebration of itc 2' at elstree studios, organised by quoit media limited and the unmutual website, and the event was a great success!
14 guests from itc series, including 'danger man' and 'the prisoner', of course, took part in on-stage q&as with event host rick davy (left, with jamie anderson, matt zimmerman, and laraine humphrys), all in aid of ty gobaith children's hospice.
 a full photo report of the event will be online soon. a number of event programmes remain from the event, on sale for only £2.99 from the village shop here!





prisoner concept album released 
 over the years, several musicians have used 'the prisoner' as inspiration for songs, albums, and music videos (both professional and amateur). the latest is ian beddow, who has released the album 'the chimes of big ben (left).
the album consists of nine  songs in total, four directly about 'the prisoner' (or an individual episode), with the others exploring the concept.
writes ian: "the chimes of big ben' has been in production for around 5 years. it started as a series of late night chats in the car with the singer from the band i was playing in at the time, lots of long distance gigs spark some great conversations. realising we had a mutual love for 'the prisoner' we originally planned to write a short album about it." click here to visit the ian beddows music website for more details on how to listen to or download the music, which tuw recommends as being highly interesting and enjoyable.




not a plain jane
 jane merrow is no stranger to fans of 'danger man' and 'the prisoner', having appeared in both series (and been a special guest at events organised by the unmutual website). a truly great actor, who patrick mcgoohan loved working with, jane was golden globe nominated for her role in the film 'the lion in winter', so it is with much interest that tuw can announce that jane has written a book!
'being an actor' is described as 'a little guidebook for those in the acting business, or who want to be in the acting business, from a professional actor with over 50 years in the business'. with a foreword by the great julian glover cbe, the book spans 70 pages and is highly recommended.
priced at only £5.68 for the paperback, with the kindle version free with kindle unlimited, click here to read more about the book on amazon, who are also the publisher of the tome.  with thanks to jane merrow and tina wyngarde-hopkins for this news item. 




three for all 
 exciting news has reached the unmutual website that big finish's long-awaited third series of 'the prisoner' audio drama re-imaginings, is now fully recorded and an enthralling trailer is now online to whet fans' appetites below)!
the new (and final?) set comprises four episodes: 'free for all', 'the girl who was death', 'the seltzman connection' and 'no one will know'.
mark elstob reprises his role as number six, and there's a welcome return for lucy briggs-owen, jim barclay, and barnaby edwards (as kate butterworth, control, and danvers respectively), as well as new characters played by genevieve gaunt, jennifer healy and lorelei king.
the new set is available from the big finish website here from only £19.99. click here for tuw's dedicated 'big finish the prisoner' page where you can find out more about this new set, the previous two series, and read exclusive interviews with cast and crew. a review of the new episodes will soon follow - watch this space! 
 


event round-up
 saturday 11th october 2019 saw not one, but two wonderful events celebrating 'the prisoner' for fans to enjoy, and it's great to be able to report that both were a success.
the first event was a well attended affair in giessen, germany, where fans of the series joined series music editor eric mival for a celebration of the 50th anniversary of the series, renamed 'nummer sechs', in germany. click here for a photo report of the event.
on the same day in london, the second of 2019's two london 'the prisoner' and 'danger man' location tour days also took place, despite the inclement weather this event was also very well attended, and a brief photo report can be found here.
keep an eye on the events page for more events coming soon!




itc event nears 
 'a celebration of itc 2 - incorporating randall and hopkirk and strange report at fifty' is a special event organised by the unmutual website and quoit media limited at elstree studios on saturday october 19th, celebrating all the great itc shows, including of course 'the prisoner' and 'danger man'.
there are still a handful of tickets available for the event, which will see guest q&as on stage, screenings, signings, and attractions. guests include annette andre, jennie linden, anneke wills, aimi macdonald, derek fowlds, matt zimmerman, valerie leon, carol cleveland, paul weston (left), caron gardner, laraine humphrys, and jamie anderson. 
click here to order tickets and for more information.

 


german voice dies 
 sad news for fans of 'the prisoner' in germany has been announced, that bernd rumpf, one of two men who provided the voice of patrick mcgoohan for 'nummer sechs' (the dubbed german 'prisoner' series) has passed away at a hospice in berlin.
the timing is particularly poignant, as his passing comes only a few days before the german 50th anniversary celebrations in giessen (more details here), in which german fans of the series will come together with series music editor eric mival (and, it was hoped, bernd) to celebrate this important landmark, the organisers having been in touch with bernd for many years.
on its initial run, only 13 episodes of the series were dubbed into german, with the last four not dubbed until 2010. it is these four episodes on which bernd worked and provided the voice of the lead actor.  the unmutual would like to offer its sincerest condolences to bernd's family and friends. he was, by all accounts, a much-loved man and a very talented actor.




leslie's two on two
 listeners to oj borg's popular radio 2 show during september would have been in for a pleasant surprise, when none other than leslie glen (author of 'the prisoner interrogations' and 'the prisoner interrogations 2' (left) quiz books) called in for a chat with the host.
leslie posed oj some prisoner-related questions, and chatted about the books and his love of the series. leslie also took part in a book launch event at irvine library during the month, click here for a news article and photo from the irvine herald.
click here to purchase either of the books, and here to watch the segment on the oj borg show.
 


classic stills available 
  classic stills is a los angeles based company specialising in fine art prints of classic photographic images from tv shows and movies, and tuw is excited to announce that a new official set of fine art prints of classic 'the prisoner' behind-the-scenes photographs is now available.
the prints are from several episodes and will be available in 4 sizes, with 100 limited numbered prints of each image available (one such example from 'checkmate' is pictured left). the prints are fully authorised by copyright holders itv. 
ceo of classic stills, rene freling, writes; "the prisoner is one of the most unique and memorable shows of the 60s, so far ahead of its time that its influence can still be seen in movies and tv to this day. it was also totally unique visually, with both patrick mcgoohan's character and the unique setting for the village providing some fantastic images that remain instantly recognizable and extremely stylish."

 
click here (or here if you're in the us) for more details on the images and to purchase, with prices starting at £125 per image. the website features a competition to win a print, and by subscribing you'll be sent a 30% off voucher! 




date change for walkabout 
  important announcement!
                due to unforseen family circumstances, organiser dave lally has changed the date of the forthcoming 'the prisoner' and 'danger man' location tours from sunday 13th october to saturday 12th october. 
                the popular event, free to attend, sees visits to several locations from both series, culminating in number six's london home (left). 

            for more details on the event, click here. 




giessen awaits 
  the 50th anniversary event for german viewers of 'the prisoner', which first aired in 1969 as 'nummer sechs' fast approaches with the news that eric mival (left), music editor on the series, is confirmed as the main special guest.
the event is taking place in giessen, north of frankfurt, on saturday 12th october 2019 and will see a generous mix of guests, discussions, screenings and activities.
translators will be on hand for both english and german speakers, and the cost of attendance is purely voluntary via donations and raffle entries.
for more details, please email arno at 
                village-post@nummer6-theprisoner.de 
                to let the organisers know that you plan to attend, and to get answers to any queries you have regarding the event. some video trailers for the event can be found here. 




more guests for elstree 
  'a celebration of itc 2 - incorporating randall and hopkirk at 50' is an exciting event being organised by the unmutual website and quoit media limited, celebrating all the great itc shows of the 60s and 70s, being held at elstree studios on saturday october 19th.
several guests (with more to follow) have been announced, all with connections to itc series, including some related to 'the prisoner' and 'danger man' of course, and more guests have been announced in the past few days.
joining the already announced annette andre, jennie linden, and derek fowlds are the wonderful matt zimmerman (left, voice of alan tracy in 'thunderbirds'), and actors aimi macdonald (below), carol cleveland, and valerie leon.
tickets are still available for the event, which will see on-stage q&a panels with guests and signing sessions, and more guests will be announced soon. click here to visit the qml website for more details and to purchase tickets.  




rover is out 
  over the years there have been several music songs/videos inspired by 'the prisoner', and readers will be excited by the latest track and video by electro-rock singer jenn vixx (left).
'rover' was directly inspired by the series. writes jenn: "number 6's struggle completely reminds me of my struggle of being an outsider who does not blindly accept mediocrity and mind control."
the video is full of 'prisoner' imagery and is highly recommended. click here for the full press release, which includes a link to watch the video in full.
with thanks to jenn vixx for this news item.




control room model on sale 
  for several years the unmutual website has been proud to stock replica model kits of props and sets from 'the prisoner, produced by si's soldiers and pigeon guard games. previous sets have included the telephone kiosk, portmeirion's gloriette, the control area of the dome, and the infomat.
readers will no doubt be excited by their latest model kit (left), the interior of the green dome, aka number two's 'living space'! complete with walls , floor, working door, and viewing screen, the kit is priced at only £34.99.  click here to buy the new model, either as a standalone or in a bundle (below) with the control room equipment and infomat models! 





constructing colony three 
  fans of the patrick mcgoohan series 'danger man' (the hour episodes of which were shown under the title 'secret agent man' in north america) will be familiar with the episode 'colony three', which is arguably the most prisoneresque episode of the series, in which drake and other secret agents are imprisoned .
the locations for this village, called 'new hampden' in the episode, are located at south hatfield (and, click here, soon to be demolished) in hertfordshire, and thanks to reader geoff dodd, a video has come to light of the locations (including the large church building, left as it is today) being built in the early 1960s.
click here to watch the video on youtube.
with thanks to geoff dodd for this news item.




first guests for itc 2 
  'a celebration of itc 2' is a special event taking place at the iconic elstree studios on saturday 19th october 2019.
co-organised by the unmutual and quoit media limited, the event will see on-stage q&as, signing sessions, and other attractions, and tickets are still available by clicking .
tuw is delighted to announce that the first four guests have been confirmed: annette andre ('the prisoner', 'the saint', 'randall and hopkirk'), jennie linden in a very rare signing appearance ('the persuaders', 'doctor who and the daleks'), valerie leon ('the persuaders', bond, 'carry ons'), and derek fowlds ('gideon's way', 'yes minister', 'heartbeat') will all be attending, in addition to many more guests who are yet to be announced.  




he that is without syn amongst you 
  fans of the classic patrick mcgoohan walt disney film / mini-series 'dr syn - alias the scarecrow' (aka 'the scarecrow of romney marsh') will be excited to learn that a new soundtrack cd has become available.
'the film music of gerard schurman' is a cd compilation where the first 8 tracks are from the 'dr syn' soundtrack, the first time on cd that this music has become available.
uk buyers may find ebay to be the best source for this new release, with us buyers advised to click here for the disc, priced at $16.99.
with thanks to sp for this news item.




'toby tree' cut down 
  news has reached the unmutual website from reader ray warren that sadly, the tree which famously stood in the car park of the toby carvery in borehamwood, which stands on the former site of mgm studios, has been cut down and removed.
the tree is thought to have been the last one still standing from the harmony set from the 'prisoner' episode 'living in harmony', which could be seen standing behind the blacksmith's in the episode (click here for more 'harmony tree' details).
with thanks to ray warren for this news item and photo.




a day at the beachy 
  more event news for 2019, is the confirmation of the london and south east prisoner group's annual picnic, which this year takes place on saturday august 3rd.
this year, the location from 'the prisoner' chosen to be visited is beachy head lighthouse, which of course features in two episodes: 'many happy returns' and 'the girl who was death'.
the day will start at victoria in london with a visit to number six's house, before attendees will depart by train (and then bus from eastbourne) to the location.
the event, organised and guided by dave lally, is free to attend (other than your train and bus fare, and picnic lunch). click here for more details.
with thanks to dave lally for this news item.




itc celebration 2 
  the unmutual website is again teaming up with quoit media limited to bring fans of itc shows, including 'the prisoner' and 'danger man', a special star studded event at the iconic elstree studios.
'a celebration of itc 2 - incorporating randall and hopkirk at 50' will take place during the evening of saturday 19th october 2019.
as with the 'a celebration of itc' event held in 2018, the event will see an array of special guest q&as, attractions, and signings (guests to be announced between now and october). 2018 event special guest madeline smith described the event, which also included interviews with the likes of jenny hanley and ian ogilvy (left), as '100% perfection' and this year's offering promises to live up to that billing.
click here to buy tickets, which are strictly limited in number (the 2018 event sold out, so book now to avoid delay), and here to read a photo review of last year's event.




moke on show 
  the prisoner mini moke hlt 709c (pictured left) will be attending the u.k's premier mini show 'mini in the park ' at mallory park in leicestershire on the 18th of august 2019. it will be attending, by arrangement with 'miniworld' magazine.
owner phil caunt writes: "you are all welcome to come along and see the car, take photos and have a chat. i will have some of the original roof displays on sale on the day. this will be the first time on public display in 2019 after the organisational debacle at the london excel in february, and i look forward to meeting you, should you be attending the show."
in addition, the moke will also be on show at the 60th anniversary of the mini celebration, taking place at the british motor museum at gaydon, warwickshire, on the 4th august. 
with thanks to phil caunt for this news item. 




pat gorman r.i.p. 
 sad news has reached tuw that several months ago the actor pat gorman (left), who appeared in an uncredited role as a hospital orderly in 'the prisoner' episode 'hammer into anvil', passed away on 9th october 2018. 


 
pat was a british actor who, despite never appearing in a starring role, appeared in minor roles in a large number of films and television productions, including 'the elephant man', 'z-cars', 'fawlty towers' , 'i, claudius' and 'blake's 7'. he also played the killer in the television series 'the nightmare man'. he appeared in minor roles in 83 episodes of the science fiction series 'doctor who' between 1964 and 1985: only six other actors appeared in more in the show's original run. 
tuw would like to extend its sympathies to pat's family and friends.
with thanks to david stimpson for this news item.




fenella's farewell 
 on 28th may 2019 the memorial service for actress fenella fielding, who of course readers will know provided the 'village voice' in 'the prisoner', and also appeared alongside patrick mcgoohan in an episode 'danger man', took place.
the service, organised by her best friend simon mckay, took place at the actor's church in covent garden, and was attended by dozens of famous names from stage and screen (including william gaunt, myriam margoyles, liza goddard, valerie leon, and many others) with 'prisoner' crew member tony sloman and rick davy of the unmutual representing the world of 'the prisoner'.
readings were performed by barry cryer, giles brandreth, mark kermode and others, and there were musical and variety performances from the likes of anita harris, dame cleo laine, andy bell, wang chung, and david mcalmont and others.
all of these joyous and respectful tributes were interspersed by performances from the students of lamda and the sylvia young theatre school, and exerpts from fenella's unmistakable voiceover work, including many of her 'the prisoner' announcements. a plaque at the church was also unveiled in fenella's honour.
fenella was a wonderful actress and a remarkable woman, and the memorial was a fitting tribute to her. may she rest in peace. 
 photo, left, (c) bruce frumerman.   


german 50th approaches 
 50 years ago this autumn, germany saw 'the prisoner' (or 'nummer sechs' as it was re-named) for the first time, and a group of fans in giessen are holding a very special event to celebrate this milestone.
12th october 2019 is the date for the event, which will be held at a small municipal


 building, nordstadtzentrum, in giessen, near to frankfurt in germany.

 
special guests include bernd rumpf, who voiced patrick mcgoohan for four episdoes of the german dvd box set, and the event will also see discussions and screenings. it is planned that no entrance fee will be charged, but it is hoped that attendees will donate towards the event costs, and there will be competition and raffle prize fundraising opportunities on the day itself. 
click here for more details and here to watch a video trailer for the event. 




wondrous walk 
 sunday 14th april 2019 saw the first of this years' two london location tours for 'the prisoner' and 'danger man'. organised by dave lally, who has been conducting these tours for over 30 years free of charge for fans, several dozen fans from around the world, including the usa, visited over 20 locations from the series.
click here for a photo report of the event. the next tours are taking place in october, click here for more details.




'the 
                village' airdate nears

as 
                announced at the unmutual website recently (see below), a new 
                tv series about a year in the life of portmeirion is soon to air 
                on itv wales.
monday 
                15th april will see the first episode of 'the village', at 8.00pm. 
                viewers not in wales who have sky can also see the series, with 
                a national itv showing expected later in 2019.
the 
                series has been produced by slam media, who have been responsible 
                for some excellent programming on itv wales previously. online 
                services for itv wales programmes can be found here, where the episodes screened can be be viewed online.
also 
                airing currently, on the welsh language channel s4c, is the 2001 
                'fly on the wall' series 'portmeirion', viewable on the s4c hub 
                website if you're outside wales or don't have sky.





ed 
                fordham r.i.p.

the 
                unmutual website is sad to confirm that much-loved 'prisoner' 
                fan and book editor ed fordham has passed away.
ed 
                was a popular figure on social media and it was through these 
                connections that he gathered together a number of article writers 
                and contributors to create two books about 'the prisoner': 'it 
                means what it says' and 'one likes to know everything'.
writing 
                a number of insightful pieces himself for the volumes, he nevertheless 
                insisted that all profits from both books, which are available 
                on amazon and blurb.com, be donated to charity. the unmutual website 
                is proud to have been associated with ed and these projects, and 
                in return ed was a big supporter of tuw.
rick 
                davy of tuw writes: "one of the last things ed did before 
                he passed away was to set up a messaging group to help people 
                suffering from depression and mental illness. this says much about 
                his generous nature and the thoughts he always had for others. 
                we only met in person on one occasion sadly, but he was a very 
                nice man who kindly invited me to be a part of his book projects 
                and i enjoyed communicating with him over the years. i hope he 
                is now at peace". 

                geoff lake was also a contributor: "he was a sweet guy who 
                i took to immediately. i was working on a piece for volume three 
                of his books. a very sad loss."
tuw's 
                thoughts are with his partner, family, and friends at this very 
                sad time.




home 
                from home

have 
                you ever wanted to have a piece of portmeirion, and a piece of 
                'the prisoner', in your own back yard? well, 'prisoner' fan bill 
                lonnen has done just that, and created a replica of portmeirion's 
                roundhouse, which was number six's house in the village in the 
                series - not only the exterior, but the interior too!
in 
                an astonishing design and build project, bill has even found fixtures 
                and fittings to match and his replication 
                of both the interior and exterior is superb, and the unmutual 
                website is delighted that bill has shared the story of its creation, 
                with a plethora of photographs. click here 
                to read the full story and see the cottage in all its splendour.





be 
                seeing you in april?

sunday 
                april 14th is a date for your diaries, as the date marks the latest 
                of dave lally's 'the prisoner' and 'danger man' location tours 
                days.
the 
                morning tour sees a visit to several 'danger man' locations (including 
                john drake's home and london office), and the afternoon tour visits 
                over 20 london locations seen in the opening sequence of 'the 
                prisoner' as well as episodes 'many happy returns', 'do not forsake 
                me', and 'fall out', including number six's house, the underground 
                car parks, and the resignation tunnel.
the 
                tours are free to attend (oyster card or bus fare required for 
                the morning tour), and all are welcome. click here 
                for more details.




moris 
                farhi r.i.p.

tuw 
                is sad to bring more upsetting news to readers, with the announcement 
                from his publisher that moris farhi, the writer who penned the 
                unmade 'the prisoner' story 'the outsider', passed away at the 
                age of 84 on march 5th 2019.
originally 
                from turkey, farhi moved to europe and made a living from acting 
                (including uncredited roles in two james bond films), before becoming 
                a writer. it was in 1966 that he was approached by 'prisoner' 
                script editor george markstein, and commissioned to write an episode 
                for the series. 'the outsider', which would later be printed as 
                part of 'the prisoner: the original scripts' hardback books, like 
                two stories he had written for 'doctor who' three years earlier 
                (later made by big finish), was rejected.
when 
                interviewed by steven ricks for 'the prisoner investigated' documentary 
                in the early 1990s, farhi revealed that mcgoohan had rejected 
                the script because of a birdwatching scene, and a torture scene, 
                because 'heroes don't sweat' and 'heroes don't birdwatch'.
he 
                later became a successful novelist, and was a tireless campaigner 
                for several good causes. the unmutual website would like to extend 
                its sincere sympaties to mr farhi's family and friends.
with 
                thanks to alan hayes for this news item.




peter 
                the great

fans 
                of the unique talent and man that was peter wyngarde, who fans 
                of 'the prisoner' will recognise as number two in the episode 
                'checkmate' but is probably best remembered for his role as jason 
                king on tv, will be delighted to know that 'a life amongst strangers', 
                a biography of his life by tina wyngarde-hopkins, is soon to hit 
                the shelves.
the 
                book, which has been meticulously researched by the author, who 
                knew wyngarde for several decades and was present almost daily 
                through the last few years of his life, covers his career in detail 
                through the first half of the book, and covers the time shared 
                between the author and subject, in memoir form, during the second 
                half of the book.
click 
                here for a review of the book, 
                which comes highly recommended by the unmutual website.
details 
                on how to order the book will be announced here shortly.




danger 
                man repackaged

fans 
                of 'danger man', the series which pre-ceded 'the prisoner' and 
                starring patrick mcgoohan as john drake, the secret agent with 
                no guns and no girls, will be pleased to hear that network are 
                repackaging the three series (the half hour episodes, the hour 
                episodes, and the two-part colour season) into one handy dvd box 
                set!
due 
                for release in april 2019, network are able to take pre-orders 
                now for the set, which marks the first time ever that all episodes 
                have been included in one set.
special 
                features include pdf documents, extensive image galleries, and 
                the 'koroshi' movie with extra scene.
click 
                here 
                to pre-order!
with 
                thanks to geoff lake for this news item.




farewell, 
                doris 

tuw 
                is sad to announce that actress sheena marshe, who played the 
                part of doris, the barmaid at number six's local pub in the episode 
                'the girl who was death' has passed away, at the kent care home 
                where she had lived for several years.
although 
                she always shunned invitations to chat about her career, she has 
                a long list of credits to her name in a career which started in 
                the 1950s, sheena was equally at home in comedy series, appearing 
                alongside the likes of sid james, dick emery, and benny hill, 
                as she was drama, with appearances in series such as 'no hiding 
                place' and 'armchair theatre' she also appeared in the william 
                hartnell 'doctor who' story 'the gunfighters', as kate.
but 
                for 'prisoner' fans, it will be as doris, in one of the entire 
                series' most memorable scenes, that she will be most fondly remembered.
the 
                unmutual website would like to extend its sincerest sympathies 
                to all who knew her.
with 
                thanks to al samujh for this news item.




eternally 
                podcasting

in 
                recent years, as readers of tuw will know, there has been an increase 
                in the number of podcasts available in which 'the prisoner' series 
                is discussed. podcasts such as 'back to the village', 'the prisoner 
                introcast', and 'the village people podcast' have come and gone, 
                but two which are still going strong are 'the tally ho podcast' 
                (see news items, below) and 'the eternal village podcast'.
the 
                latter comes from the folk behind the recent us conventions in 
                seattle, and the latest two episodes are now online. special guest 
                for both is writer and 'prisoner' fan david stimpson (left). in 
                episode 8 he discusses his new book 'the prisoner dusted down' 
                (available here), a new 496-page 
                analysis of the series, and in episodee 9 the 2009 'prisoner' 
                remake tv series, about which both david and host karl frunz wax 
                lyrical.
click 
                here 
                to visit the eternal village website and listen or download.
click 
                here to read a new guide to all the 
                available podcasts relating to 'the prisoner' including a new 
                one for 2019: the village fashion centre. 




be 
                itv-ing you

it 
                has been announced that a new six-part tv series on a year in 
                the life of portmeirion will be screened by itv wales this spring. 
                filmed throughout 2018, the show will include coverage of a number 
                of different events, including festival number six. 
the 
                show, produced by company slam media, who were responsible for 
                a well-received series about the menai straits, the series will 
                air from 15th april 2019 on itv wales, with national itv screening 
                the series later in the year.
other 
                sightings of portmeirion are forthcoming on welsh language channel 
                s4c, and recent sightings included the 1990s sitcom '2 point 4 
                children', on 12/2/19 on uk station gold where the 1996 episode 
                'seven dials' featured portmeirion in a 'prisoner' spoof was shown.




big 
                finish series 3 delayed

'the 
                prisoner' in recent years has been excellently re-imagined by 
                big finish as an audio drama, starring mark elstob as number six, 
                with two series completed so far (reviews here).
in 
                an update via the big finish facebook page, writer and producer 
                nicholas briggs has announced that series three has been delayed 
                until later in 2019; "i’m very sorry to say that pressures 
                of work on other projects at big finish have meant that my work 
                on the prisoner volume 3 has been delayed. the good news is that 
                i’ve returned to writing it and with this extra time in 
                the schedule, i’m looking forward to getting into studio 
                with something that sounds spookily like a finale? or is it?"
click 
                here for tuw's big finish page, for 
                all the news, details, reviews, and photos regarduing big finish's 
                'the prisoner' series.




completely 
                shattered 

in 
                the late 1980s, dc comics produced a four-part graphic novel by 
                dean motter and mark asquith set after 'the prisoner' episode 
                'fall out', set 20 years on. these were then compiled into a single 
                tome entitiled 'shattered visage' and, as per previous announcements, 
                titan have confirmed that they are publishing a new edition in 
                march 2019.
writes 
                titan, who also produced their own original four part 'prisoner' 
                comic in 2018 (see news items below, and reviews here), 
                "set twenty years after the final episode of the television 
                series, shattered visage follows former secret agent alice drake 
                as she is shipwrecked on the shores of the village and encounters 
                an aged number six, who is still locked into a decades-old conflict 
                with his old nemesis number two for the future of the deserted 
                spy village."
titan's 
                new version can be pre-ordered through amazon 
                and also from forbidden planet here. 
                click here to see a couple of 
                interior artwork pages, and here to 
                read a review of the original publication from 1989 (a review 
                of this re-published version will appear soon).
with 
                thanks to titan comics for this news item.




teamness 
                in seattle 

for 
                the past two years, the beautiful city of seattle, wa has played 
                host to the first ever official north american 'prisoner' conventions 
                (reviews here).
a 
                community of fans of 'the prisoner' is growing in the area, and 
                across the whole of north america, but it's important that this 
                community grows and flourishes, so that further wonderful events 
                akin to 'prisoner con 2017' and 'the eternal village 2018' can 
                be put together for the benefit of fans.
as 
                such, seattle and the unmutual website wants to hear from you!
do 
                you live in canada or the usa? if so, the organisers of the seattle 
                events would love to hear your thoughts on what would make you 
                attend the events, and if you wish to help organise such things. 
                click here to read/answer a few 
                short questions.




where 
                there's a wheel

followers 
                of the unmutual website will have noticed that bicycle racks with 
                a penny farthing theme seem to be popular in the uk, and it seems 
                that glasgow is no exception.
the 
                secret scotland website has been running something of an investigation 
                into how they came to be at glasgow green, after something of 
                a mystery came to light.
click 
                here 
                to visit the website (which is also a great resource for anything 
                related to soe establishments which part-inspired 'the prisoner').
with 
                thanks to apollo on sesco for the news item.




mcgoohan 
                sister dies

it 
                is with much sadness that the unmutual website can confirm that 
                catherine jones, sister of patrick mcgoohan, has passed away at 
                the age of 87, surrounded by her loved ones in maryland, usa. 
                born in county leitrim, ireland, and raised in sheffield, where 
                she gained a history degree in 1952, she met her husband-to-be 
                in the city, with whom she later moved to baltimore in the 1950s.
she 
                was a highly-regarded special education teacher and after retiring 
                a volunteer with the kent hospice foundation, maryland, and was 
                a member of its ethics committee.
the 
                unmutual website would like to extend its sincerest sympathies 
                to the jones and mcgoohan families at this sad time. contributions 
                may be made in the memory of catherine m. jones to compass regional 
                hospice, 160 coursevall drive, centreville, md 21617 , usa.
with 
                thanks to ed sawyer for this news item and photo.
 


village 
                capers 

in 
                1982, one david hegarty entered a numerical prisoner-related competition 
                in the fanzine 'the tally ho' to win an original villager cape, 
                as worn during 'prisoner' filming, after pamela barnes had secured 
                the cape to use as a prize.
now, 
                over 50 years later, the cape (left) is back at portmeirion, now 
                on a permanent basis, after dave decided he would like to donate 
                the item to portmeirion to display.
from 
                november 2018 onwards the cape can now be seen in the hercules 
                hall by the spiral staircase, at the end of the terrace restaurant 
                (below), thanks to dave's generosity. 

with 
                thanks to david hegarty for the photos.




french 
                foursome 

readers 
                in france will be excited to learn that no less than three prisoner-related 
                publications, all in the french language, have been published 
                in late 2018.
'je 
                ne suis pas un numero' (left) by patrick ducher is a paperback 
                collection of patrick mcgoohan quotes/citations, one per page, 
                and comes highly recommended - facebook page fpr the book at:
                @jenesuispasunnumero6, as does jean-michel philibert's extensive 
                examination of the series 'le prisonnier - une mythologie moderne' 
                (below) - facebook page for the book at 
                @leprisonnierunemythologiemoderne.
also 
                available is a new patrick mcgoohan biography by michael senna, 
                reviewed here, 
                and a 100-page essay by academic bernard godeaux entitled 'le 
                prisonnier. regards cinématographiques sur une série 
                culte'.

more 
                details on all three publications can be found here.
a 
                full list of every book ever published about the series can be 
                found here.
with 
                thanks to pat ducher and jean-michel philibert for this news item.




radio 
                village 

radio 
                4 extra in the uk are currently (december 2018) running, on sunday 
                evenings, the first series of big finish's audio drama re-imagibning 
                of 'the prisoner' series.
written, 
                directed, and produced by nicholas briggs, the series stars mark 
                elstob as number six, and stars such as john standing and celia 
                imrie as number two, and comes highly recommended by the unmutual 
                website.
click 
                here for all the details on big finish's 
                'the prisoner' series including news, reviews, and more.




tally 
                ho ho ho

the 
                unmutual website has teamed up once again with quoit media limited 
                to bring readers some very special christmas offers on prisoner-related 
                merchandise!
no 
                less than three special 'bundle deals' of books and dvds have 
                been announced. firstly, 'the essential prisoner' deal features 
                'the prisoner - the essential guide' and 'the prisoner essential 
                interviews vol 1' for £8.99 (rrp £10.98), the 'celebrating 
                itc' deal (below) features 'playboys spies and private eyes' and 
                annette andre's 'where have i been all my life?' for £22.99 
                (rrp £29.98), and lastly the 'marvellous mival' deal sees 
                eric mival's memoirs and 'red reflections' dvd for £9.99 
                (rrp £25.98).
click 
                here 
                to take advantage of these offers, which will stop on 24/12/18.





new 
                articles book out

the 
                latest volume of the trilogy of books compiled by ed fordham is 
                now available to buy.
'one 
                likes to know everything', the sequel to 'it means what it says', 
                is a compilation of new and archive articles written about 'the 
                prisoner' over the years, interspersed with photos, reviews, and 
                artwork. with forewords by rick davy and david barrie, the book 
                is in aid of bbc children in need and mind: the mental health 
                charity.
the 
                book is available as a full cover softcover for £24.99 (plus 
                p&p) here, 
                or as a b&w softcover for £14.99 (plus p&p) here, 
                with a pdf option also available via the links. the third volume 
                is currently being compiled and is due out in 2019. if you have 
                any articles, photos, or artwork to submit to the volume, contact 
                tuw and your contact will be passed to mr fordham.




immortal 
                combat 

in 
                the late 1980s and early 1990s the much-loved 'transformers' comic 
                included a regular strip called 'combat colin', drawn by professional 
                comic artist lew stringer (still full time in the industry 30 
                years on in publications such as the beano, dandy, and doctor 
                who magazine), who of course later devised and founded the unmutual 
                website.
in 
                recent times, lew (via his excellent comic blog 'blimey!') has 
                been producing compilations of the strips, and volume 3 will be 
                of particular interest to fans of 'the prisoner' as it features 
                the six-part strip 'the prisoners of the place of no return' which 
                sees colin, his accomplice semi-automatic steve, and the giggly 
                sisters imprisoned in a familar village for comic characters who 
                can't be left around!
'combat 
                colin volume 3' can be ordered from lew's website here 
                for only £3.50, for more details regarding all of lew's 
                work, and to keep up-to-date with the world of comics, visit lew's 
                blog page here.





monster 
                mash 

the 
                recent october weekend of events related to the prisoner was a 
                huge success, with leslie glen's mind mash, and david lally's 
                location tours, well attended and enjoyed.
'prisoner' 
                crew members ian rakoff and eric mival (left) were amongst the 
                guests at the mind mash event in kensington and were interviewed 
                in stage, as was leslie glen regarding his new book 'the prisoner 
                interrogations 2' (see news item, below). the event raised over 
                £200 for ty gobaith children's hospice.
the 
                sunday 'danger man' and 'the prisoner' tours, which take place 
                twice each year, are always fun and interesting events (as well 
                as being free), and this year was no exception.
a 
                full report of the weekend's events can be found here.





sweet 
                seventeen 

over 
                many months (see news item, below) becks and eeson of 'time for 
                cakes and ale' have been keeping 'prisoner' fans, newbies and 
                long-standing fans alike, enthralled and entertained with their 
                'tally ho' podcast.
november 
                2018 has seen the culmination of months of discussion, analysis, 
                and special guest interviews with not one, but two, editions regarding 
                the series finale 'fall out'.
the 
                first is an extended regular edition of the show, the second sees 
                a number of retruning special guests giving their thoughts on 
                the final episode and what it means to them.
click 
                here 
                to download or listen. it is hoped that the tally ho podcast will 
                continue on, in one form or another.




saintly 
                saturday 

the 
                unmutual website and quoit media limited are delighted to announce 
                the final guests for the 'a celebration of itc' event, taking 
                place at elstree studios on 17th november 2018.
ian 
                ogilvy, best remembered for his role as simon templar in 'return 
                of the saint', will be attending the event and taking part in 
                an on stage q&a.
also 
                confirmed, is legendary stunt performer paul weston, who appeared 
                in countless itc series (including 'the prisoner' and 'danger 
                man'). 
other 
                confirmed guests include actors madeline smith, jenny hanley, 
                annette andre, shane rimmer, prentis hancock, and georgina moon, 
                jamie anderson, director john hough, and crew members derek wells 
                and tony sloman.
tickets 
                for the event are now sold out. a dvd of the event will be available 
                at a later date.




dusting 
                down the prisoner

the 
                prisoner dusted down is a new book, by well-regarded prisoner 
                aficionado david stimpson (author of the 2003 book 'the prisoner 
                variations'), out in time for christmas 2018.
the 
                book runs to 496 pages and is david's own personal examination 
                of the 17 episodes, unearthing some fascinating new details regarding 
                the story behind what we see on screen. during the series. the 
                book also includes several previously unpublished photographs, 
                an analysis of the ordering of the episodes, revelations regarding 
                patrick mcgoohan's childhood, and much more.
the 
                book is now available to pre-order from quoit media limited at 
                a price of £14.99 (plus p&p if outside of the uk), a 
                £3 discount on the cover price, with books shipped at the 
                start of december. click here 
                to pre-order.




peter 
                brace r.i.p.

the 
                unmutual website is sad to say that stuntman peter brace, who 
                appeared in several episodes of the prisoner, passed away on 29th 
                october 2018 at the age of 94.
peter 
                was one of the world's most respected stunt performers, having 
                appeared in countless films and tv series, including 'doctor who' 
                and the james bond film franchaise, and may be best recognised 
                by 'prisoner' fans as one of the heavies in the episode 'free 
                for all', who appears in the speedboat sequence, and at the end 
                of the episode, and as zeke in 'living in harmony'.
'tardis 
                wiki' had previously reported that peter had passed away in 2008, 
                but both the james bond and stuntman online forums have now reported 
                the sad news, along with the daily telegraph here.
peter 
                was one of the last surviving stunt workers on the series, and 
                tuw sends its sincerest sympathies to peter's family and friends.




vive 
                la france

2018 
                marks another 50th anniversary milestone for 'the prisoner', as 
                it's now fifty years since the series was first shown in france, 
                where there remains today a strong fanbase for the series.
to 
                celebrate, a weekend of events are being held at saint-symphorien 
                / coise, near lyon (16th-18th november) including talks by renowned 
                french 'prisoner' authors jean-michel philibert, patrick ducher, 
                and michel senna, along with participation from other guests, 
                such as mcgoohan sculpurist tiziano.
raffles/compeitions 
                will also take place at the event, along with interactive discussions, 
                and other events.
for 
                more details, visit the facebook page for the event here. 
                below is a timetable for the events.

with 
                thanks to patrick ducher for this news item.




moke's 
                coming home

as 
                well as the human guests (see below) booked for the 'a celebration 
                of itc' event, tuw are also delighted to announce that there will 
                be several original itc vehicles present at the studios for the 
                event.
the 
                first of these is hlt 709c, the recently restored original 
                mini moke from the prisoner, which owner phil caunt is delighted 
                is 'coming home to elstree' after over 50 years since the moke 
                completed filming at the studios.
also 
                exciting is the news that sections of the unusable original vinyl 
                roof of the moke will be on sale at the event, with a percentage 
                of monies raised donated to the event charity fund, in the form 
                of a beautiful display (see below).

the 
                displays cost £39.95 plus p&p (£4 uk, £12 
                worldwide) and to order, contact philscollectables@yahoo.co.uk 
                to order or to find out more. 10% of orders pre and at the itc 
                event will be donated to the event's charity fund. tickets, and 
                more details, for the event on november 17th are still available 
                here.
 


jenny 
                for itc

more 
                guests have been announced for the forthcoming 'a celebration 
                of itc' event, taking place at elstree studios on november 17th.
tuw 
                and qml are delighted to announce that actress jenny hanley (left, 
                who appeared in several itc shows, including 'return of the saint', 
                'the adventurer', and 'shirley's world') is the latest star to 
                be confirmed for the event. as well as the on-screen stars booked 
                for event (including william gaunt, annette andre, madeline smith, 
                shane rimmer, and others, see below), the event will also welcome 
                behind the scenes crew from itc series, including tony sloman 
                (the prisoner, strange report), and derek wells (mgm art department).
tickets, 
                and more details, are still available here.




portmeirion 
                to open new store

great 
                news for the town of porthmadog, near portmeirion, and the local 
                economy, is that it has been announced that portmeirion have purchased 
                the recently closed kerfoots department store building in the 
                town.
in 
                a move which will create dozens of new jobs, portmeirion wil re-open 
                the store as a shop plus first floor cafe, whilst in the process 
                also stating that their existing shop and cafe in the town will 
                also stay open.
click 
                here 
                for a more detailed article from the daily post.
with 
                thanks to nicola jones for this news item.




anniversary 
                event comes to dvd

in 
                january 2018, tuw and quoit media limited held 'fifty years of 
                the prisoner - a special celebration' at elstree studios, to celebrate 
                the 50th anniversary of the series (photo report here).
the 
                event was filmed by a professional three-camera film crew, and 
                the dvd of the event is now available to order.
highlights 
                from all the q&a sessions with the special guests (series 
                crew members ian rakoff, john s smith, tony sloman, directors 
                alex cox, john hough, chris rodley, big finish's nick briggs, 
                studio savious paul welsh, actor brian gorman, and others) are 
                included on the dvd, which runs to 120 minutes.
click 
                here to buy from the unmutual website.




wiffling 
                again 

bob 
                fischer is a renowned writer and broadcaster (who hosts a popular 
                tees-based bbc radio show), who will be familiar to fans of 'the 
                prisoner' and tuw for his 2007 book 'wiffle lever to full'.
the 
                book was the story of one man's (bob's) intention to write about 
                his experiences of several film and tv fan conventions, and the 
                result is 'wiffle lever to full'.
good 
                news for fans who may have missed this magnificent book the first 
                time around is that publisher hodder and stoughton have re-published 
                the book for 2018, with an all new introduction by bob.
tuw's 
                pm2006 charity 'the prisoner' and 'danger 
                man' event in portmeirion is one of the included conventions, 
                as are various for 'dr who', 'red dwarf', and many other shows 
                and films.




uncertainty 
                collection 

regular 
                tuw readers will be aware that recently, a four-part official 
                'the prisoner' comic called 'the uncertainty machine' (see news 
                items below, and reviews here) was produced 
                by titan comics, based on the original series but featuring all 
                new characters. following these releases, titan are now launching 
                a collection of all four parts in one volume.
to 
                celebrate the collection, forbidden planet are holding a special 
                signing session at their london superstore, near to tottenham 
                court road, on 14th november 2018, from 6pm until 7pm.
writer 
                peter milligan, editor david leach, and cover artist for the exclusive 
                fp special edition rian hughes will be on hand to personally sign 
                copies of the collection. click here 
                to visit the fp website for more details.
with 
                thanks to tim hardman for this news item.




october 
                mags

october 
                2018 sees a couple of magazines on the shelves of your local stockists 
                of interest to 'prisoner' fans.
firstly 
                issue 13 of the always-enjoyable retro film and tv magazine 'infinity' 
                (left) includes an interview with 'it's your funeral' actress 
                annette andre about her time on various series and films, including 
                'the prisoner', and also discusses her new book (see below).
also 
                on sale is issue 3 of 'absolute lotus', which includes an article 
                on cars in film and tv (below), during which, of course, 'the 
                prisoner' is mentioned.

with 
                thanks to paul white for the lotus item and images.




just 
                my e-type

over 
                the years, portmeiron has often played host to car clubs (especially 
                lotus and mini moke clubs), and 2018 has been no exception, with 
                september seeing several 'events' taking place.
pictured 
                left, by marian linford, is 'the round britain coastal drive', 
                who visited in september. 
                an event for jaguar e-type sports cars. a circumferential coastal 
                route of mainland britain. approximately 180-mile stages and driven 
                sequentially by groups of e-types, akin to a relay. the event 
                has been raising money for prostate cancer uk since it began in 
                2016.
also 
                in september, a wales rally gb promotion at portmeirion featured 
                a toyota gt86 wrapped in the winning design from a competition 
                for school children.
with 
                thanks to marian linford and al jones for this news item. photo 
                (c) marian linford.




mind 
                mash event confirmed

for 
                many years, 'prisoner' fan leslie glen has been arranging mind 
                mash events in london, and october 13th 2018 will see the latest.
the 
                events, a mixture of special guest interviews, screenings, and 
                discussions about 'the prisoner', and always incredibly enjoyable 
                (reviews here), and the latest will 
                take place from 12.00mid-day on saturday october 13th at the hoop 
                and toy pub (private room) in south kensignton.
guests 
                include 'living in harmony' writer ian rakoff, and (subject to 
                commitments) music editor eric mival, and the event will also 
                include the launch of 'the prisoner interrogations 2', a new 'prisoner' 
                quiz book.
tickets 
                are £10 on the door (contact tuw for advanced payment options 
                if you prefer).
the 
                following day will see the second of this year's 'the prisoner' 
                and 'danger man' location tours in london, free to attend. for 
                details on all these exciting events, click here.




tales 
                from annette

'where 
                have i been all my life? - a memoir' is the new autobiography 
                from actress annette andre and is now available on general sale.
annette 
                of course appeared as the watchmaker's daughter in 'the prisoner' 
                episode 'it's your funeral' but also in countless other tv shows, 
                films, and on the stage, including a starring role in 'randall 
                and hopkirk (deceased)', 'the saint', 'the persuaders!', 'the 
                avengers', and many more.
annette 
                talks at length about her time on those shows and the rest of 
                her career, as well as her fascinating and turbulent private life, 
                in the book, which comes highly recommended by the unmutual website.
the 
                book also includes a foreword by sir roger moore, and an appreciation 
                by kenneth cope.
copies 
                can be purchased here, or direct 
                from the publishers here, 
                and from all good book stores.




tv 
                pm 

portmeirion 
                have recently had another good run of appearing on several tv 
                programmes during late summer 2018.
bbc1's 
                antique-hunting daytime show 'bargain hunt' shown on 17th september 
                came from anglesey but also featured portmeirion. although it 
                was primarily focused on portmeirion pottery, there were also 
                'prisoner' references, including a homage to the show with a rover 
                chasing presenter anita manning around the village. the show can 
                be seen on iplayer for a limited time here.

also, 
                'britain by bike' on channel 5 showed actor larry lamb being given 
                a tour of the village, and engaging with some fans playing human 
                chess on the new permanent chessboard at the village (left).
coming 
                soon is even a bollywood film (below), which was filming in portmeirion 
                during august, as reported by eagle-eyed tuw reader david austin.

with 
                thanks to david austin, david stimpson, and eeson and becks of 
                the tally ho podcast for this news item. images (c) rick davy 
                and david austin.




more 
                guests for itc event

many 
                more guests have been confirmed for 'a celebtarion of itc', a 
                special event from tuw and quoit media limited, taking place at 
                elstree studios on saturday 17th november 2018.
in 
                addition to the previously announced annette andre, georgina moon, 
                john hough, and shane rimmer, the event will now also include 
                live on-stage q&a sessions, and signing opportunities, with 
                william gaunt (star of 'the champions'), angela douglas (who appeared 
                in six shows for itc), madeline smith, and prentis hancock!
tickets 
                are still available for this one-off event here, 
                with all profits donated to ty gobaith children's hospice.




farewell 
                fenella 

it 
                is with great sadness that tuw can confirm that fenella fielding, 
                who so memorably gave the village its voice in 'the prisoner' 
                has passed away, following a stroke she suffered a couple of weeks 
                ago.
with 
                an unmistakable voice and incredible acting talent, fenella had 
                a long career in a variety of roles, but will probably be remembered 
                for her 'carry on' roles including the classic 'carry on screaming'.
she 
                worked twice with patrick mcgoohan, firstly on 'danger man' and 
                then, of course, 'the prisoner' and played a large part at the 
                50th anniversary celebrations 
                in portmeirion in 2018, and also contributed exclusive audio announcements 
                for both the seattle and elstree 
                events of recent years.
tuw's 
                thoughts go to fenella's family and friends, especially her best 
                friend simon mckay. click here 
                for a full obituary from the bbc.
with 
                thanks to andrew frith, david stimpson, and simon mckay for this 
                news item.




first 
                guests for itc event

november 
                17th 2018 is the date for 'a celebration of itc', a special event 
                from tuw and quoit media limited taking place at the iconic elstree 
                studios in borehamwood.
guests 
                so far confirmed include annette andre (randall and hopkirk, the 
                saint, the prisoner, the persuaders), shane rimmer (the saint, 
                thunderbirds), georgina moon (left, ufo), and director john hough 
                (the saint, the baron), with many more guests to be announced 
                very soon.
tickets 
                for the event are £30, with profits donated to ty gobaith 
                children's hospice. click here 
                for more info and for tickets.




tech 
                of the tally ho

the 
                unmutual website's good friends at jeppstones have another treat 
                for fans of 'the prisoner', with a fascinating new technical article 
                online, written by peter horgan.
the 
                latest article is a look at how the wonderful tally ho podcast, 
                which tuw readers will be familiar with, is put together, following 
                an interview conducted by peter with the lovely eeson and becks 
                of the podcast.
click 
                here 
                to read the article, and here 
                to visit the podcast's main website, where the current, and all 
                previous podcasts, can be found.




titan 
                conclusion 

the 
                four-issue run of titan comics' 'the prisoner' comic, entitled 
                'the prisoner - the uncertainty machine', as come to a close, 
                as the fourth and final issue (left, cover variant b) is now available.
the 
                series got off with a bumpy start (reviews here), 
                but the final two issues have been well constructed and enigmatic, 
                and tuw would like to congratulate david leach and peter milligan 
                on managing to find a new way of telling the 'prisoner' story, 
                in an interesting and dramatic way. praise for artist colin lorimer 
                is particularly well deserved.
next 
                up for titan is a re-release of 'shattered visage', the dean motter 
                and mark asquith comic from the late 1980s (review here), 
                and tuw will of course bring you all the news of the release when 
                details become available.




moking 
                zone 

fans 
                of 'the prisoner', especially fans of the mini moke taxis seen 
                in the series, will want to check out the latest issue of 'mini 
                world' magazine.
the 
                magazine (september 2018 issue) includes a superb eight page feature 
                on the newly restored original moke, hlt 709c, used in the series, 
                which is owned by phil caunt.
the 
                feature includes some lovely new shots of the vehicle in portmeirion, 
                as well as archive photos of the vehicle, in several guises, in 
                the 1960s.
the 
                piece includes a fascinating interview with phil about the finding 
                and restoration of the moke, as well as some interesting technical 
                details.
with 
                thanks to phil caunt for this news item.




vapors 
                village return

 
                on november 10th 2018, the much-loved rock band the vapors will 
                return to portmeirion's hercules hall for a special gig, following 
                on from a very successful similar concert last year.

                the band will once again be playing 2 sets, with support from 
                dj jacqui carroll, who will be playing tunes until late, with 
                an aftershow party where the band will be joining everyone for 
                drinks and every ticket holder is invited.
two 
                thirds of tickets have already sold so don't delay. grab 
                your tickets now from here. 
                accommodation packages are also available from portmeirion directly 
                for this one-off for 2018 event.
with 
                thanks to shaun modern for this news item.

 


new 
                vice press print


readers 
                of the unmutual will no doubt recall the excellent (see news below, 
                or here) 50th anniversary 'the 
                prisoner' print they produced, by artist chris weston, in 2017, 
                and therefore will be most excited by vice press's latest print.
featuring 
                patrick mcgoohan, leo mckern, angelo muscat, and annette andre, 
                the beautifully drawn print is this time by accomplished artist 
                paul mann.
the 
                print is sized 50cm x 70cm, is available in a hand numbered edition 
                of 150 and will cost £40, roughly $50. this print is a fine 
                art print produced using the classic offset lithograph print method 
                and printed on 324gsm mohawk eggshell superfine ultra white paper.
click 
                here to 
                order from the vice press website.
with 
                thanks to james henshaw of vice press for this news item.



titan 
                triumph 


as 
                well as their four-part comic book series (more details here), 
                titan comics can boast another release for 2018.
'the 
                prisoner - the original art edition' is a massive and beautiful 
                hard back book, which features the original and unfinished 'the 
                prisoner' comic strip art from jack kirby, and gil kane, from 
                the late 1970s.
also 
                included are biographies of both men, as well as a piece by steve 
                engelhart (who wrote for the gil kane comic), an article on the 
                series' production by rick davy, and a facsimile of the original 
                promotional itc booklet.
the 
                book is priced at £71.99, however amazon users can purchase 
                at 40% off of that rrp.
click 
                here for a review 
                of the book by sci-fi bulletin's nick joy.




farewell 
                festival 


for 
                the past seven years, portmeirion has played host to a large music 
                and arts festival, festival number 6, which takes place each september.
2018's 
                event (details here), it has been announced, 
                will be the last for some time, as the organisers have decided 
                to take a break, citing that the event has got too large for the 
                location.
to 
                see the festival's official message on the subject, click here.
with 
                thanks to mici plwm, al jones, and peter preston.




new 
                stock for village shop


for 
                some years, tuw has operated an online shop, to help raise funds 
                for the website's event fund for the nominated charity of ty gobaith 
                hospice, which does tremendous work for the terminaly-ill children 
                of north wales.
the 
                shop has recently been updated with all manner of books, dvds, 
                cds, models, and other items.
new 
                items added include a selection of special autograph and promo 
                cards from unstoppable cards (such as the exclusive 'not a number' 
                event card, pictured left), prisoner models from pigeon guard 
                games, and a range of books from quoit media limited.
click 
                here to visit the village shop, 
                which will very soon be given a makeover!




'not 
                a number' report online


as 
                outlined below, the recent 'not a number - a patrick mcgoohan 
                retrospective' event was a huge success.
guests 
                including alvin rakoff, jane merrow, vera day, john hough, alex 
                cox, tony sloman, and ian l rakoff were accompanied by specially 
                recorded content from catherine mcgoohan, susan hampshire, and 
                fenella fielding.
attendees 
                were also treated to a range of special screenings, and a display 
                of original props, costumes, and memorabilia, and a full photo 
                report from the event is now online here.
a 
                number of event programmes (left) and specially created 'not a 
                number event' mini moke trading cards from unstoppable cards, 
                are left over from the event, and are on sale here.




roy's 
                blues marks fifty


readers of tuw may be interested to read 
                that roy harper is touring during 2019 to celebrate the fiftieth 
                anniversary of his music, including the classic song 'mcgoohan's 
                blues'. 
writes 
                roy; "partly because many of the things i wrote about in 
                mcgoohan’s blues are still very relevant 50 years later, 
                and partly because my third record was a watershed moment in my 
                recording life, it’s been long in my mind that i should 
                dust it off and bring it on tour again."
for 
                more details, visit roy's website here.
addendum 
                april 2019: roy harper’s 1969 album “folkjokeopus” 
                which contains the seventeen minute song “mcgoohan’s 
                blues” inspired by “the prisoner”, to be re-released 
                19th april 2019. see:
                http://www.royharper.co.uk/folkjokeopus-285.html

with thanks to roger goodman and tim hardman for 
                this news item.




buffalo 
                hosts 50th event


2018 
                marks the 50th anniversary of the usa's first televised screenings 
                of 'the prisoner' series, so it's with great pleasure that tuw 
                has learned of a very special 'double bill' screening being held 
                in buffalo, to celebrate this landmark.
the 
                beautiful north park theatre in the city is the venue for an officially 
                sanctioned double-bill of the episodes 'arrival' and 'the chimes 
                of big ben', being held over the weekend of july 7th/8th (same 
                programme on both days).
click 
                here 
                for more details and to book tickets.
with 
                thanks to chris dearing for this news item and photo.




titan 
                comic issue three out


following 
                on from earlier news items below, titan comics' 'the prisoner 
                - the uncertainty machine' is pushing forward with its issues, 
                with the 3rd edition.
the 
                story, based on a storyline by david leach, is written by peter 
                milligan, with artwork by colin lorimer, and follows the fortunes 
                of breen (number six), who finds himself, of course, trapped in 
                a mysterious village.
after 
                an interesting start with issue one (reviews here), 
                issue two was met with some criticism online, so it is with much 
                relief that issue 3 has been met with a lot of positivity, as 
                the village 'workings' scenes are quite brilliantly executed by 
                both writer and artist.
click 
                here to read tuw's review 
                of issue 3. the comics are on sale in all good comic shops, and 
                also available online through some stockists (the unmutual recommends 
                the service provided by forbidden planet).




big 
                finish callan released


one 
                series which has rightly been compared 'the prisoner', for several 
                reasons, is the 60s thriller series 'callan', which starred edward 
                woodward and russell hunter.
the 
                series featured woodward as david callan, a government hitman, 
                but also a loner, fighting against bureaucracy and 'the system'. 
                the series had input from george markstein, and is now available 
                on dvd.
another 
                similarity, is that both series have now been adapted for audio, 
                with 'callan' now available to pre-order, starring ben miles, 
                frank skinner, and nicholas briggs.
click 
                here to read tuw's review 
                of the excellent set, and for ordering details.




itc 
                celebration announced


the 
                unmutual website and quoit media limited are delighted to announce 
                'a celebration of itc', an event dedicated to all the shows from 
                lew grade's production company, which is taking place at the iconic 
                elstree studios (left) on saturday november 17th 2018 (at 6.30pm).
recent 
                events held by tuw and quoit (such as 'fifty 
                years of the prisoner' and 'not a number - a patrick mcgoohan 
                retrospective') have been tremendously successful and popular, 
                and so the format of special guests, on-stage q&as, screenings, 
                and attractions, is once again revived - this time for itc shows.
elstree 
                studios was of course the venue for the making of many of these 
                shows, such as 'department s', 'the champions', 'the saint', and 
                'randall and hopkirk (deceased)', and these will be celebrated 
                alongside, of course, 'the prisoner' and 'danger man'.
tickets 
                cost £30 each, with all profits donated to ty gobaith children's 
                hospice. order tickets before july 14th and get an early 
                bird price of £26. click here 
                to visit the quoit media ltd website to purchase tickets.




mcgoohan 
                event a success


the 
                unmutual website and quoit media limited would like to say a massive 
                thank you to everyone who attended or supported the 'not a number' 
                event at elstree studios, celebrating the life and career of patrick 
                mcgoohan, which took place on saturday 23rd june 2018.

                the guests (jane merrow (pictured left, interviewed on stage by 
                event host rick davy), vera day, john hough, alvin rakoff, tony 
                sloman, ian rakoff, alex cox) were fascinating, the contribution 
                from catherine mcgoohan heartfelt, and the screenings, displays, 
                and other attractions very well received from all who attended.

                a photo report of the event, which was held in aid of ty gobaith 
                (hope house) hospice, will be online very soon and a dvd of the 
                event will be available in the future.

                more events are planned for the future - keep an eye on the websites 
                and future e-updates for more details very soon!
photo 
                (c) steven paul davies




seattle 
                tickets on sale


exciting 
                news for fans of 'the prisoner' contemplating attending the wonderful 
                'the eternal village' event, taking place in seattle, usa, on 
                9th september 2018.
early 
                bird ticket pricing has been arranged for event, meaning that 
                if you buy your tickets sooner, rather than later, it will cost 
                you less money.
special 
                guests at the event will be actress annette andre (left), prof. 
                valarie ziegler, and rick davy of the unmutual website, and the 
                event will be taking place in the most beautiful surroundings.
click 
                here 
                for more details on the event, and to register to attend. prices 
                are outlined below.
to 
                support the event, the organisers have also been recording a series 
                of podcasts with guests and other prisoner-related people, with 
                the amazing sophia and michael from 'do not forsake me oh my darling' 
                the special guests for the latest episode. click here 
                to listen or download.





'the 
                end' for big finish?


as 
                previously announced (below), big finish are producing a third 
                series of their 'the prisoner' audio re-imagining, and june 2018 
                brings some tantalising news, with the annoucnement that the final 
                episode of series 3 is titled 'the end'.
writer, 
                director, and executive producer nick briggs says: "it's 
                called the end. our plan is for this to be the final box set so 
                if you haven't yet followed the story so far, now's your chance. 
                will the prisoner ever return to big finish after that? that would 
                be telling…!” 
click 
                here for more details on the big finish 
                'the prisoner' series. the third series is available to pre-order 
                from the big finish website here.
with 
                thanks to geoff lake and anthony rooney.




screenings 
                for 'not a number'


the 
                unmutual website and quoit media limited are delighted to announce 
                a series of screenings which have now been confirmed for 'not 
                a number - a patrick mcgoohan retrospective', taking place at 
                elstree studios, borehamwood, on saturday june 23rd 2018 at 6.30pm.
first 
                up, and officially sanctioned by the copyright holders, is a very 
                rare chance to see 'a gift of heaven', a 1955 episode of 'the 
                vise' tv series, unreleased on video or dvd, and only screened 
                twice since 1955. the episode co-stars patrick mcgoohan (left) 
                in one of his earliest roles.
also 
                confirmed are three very special screenings of recorded interviews, 
                two of which have been specially recorded for the event. susan 
                hampshire, who appeared alongside mcgoohan in two episodes of 
                'danger man', as well as the disney film 'the three lives of thomasina', 
                has conducted an exclusive video interview, fenella fielding has 
                recorded her remembrances of working with him, again exclusively, 
                for the event, and parts of an archive interview with peter sallis, 
                who appeared alongside mcgoohan in 'brand' will also be shown.
add 
                to this the growing list of special guests (see below), a display 
                of original props, costumes, and memorabilia, books signings, 
                merchandise, and other attractions, this is an event not to be 
                missed!
any 
                profits from the event are donated to ty gobaith children's hospice, 
                and tickets are just £20 each. click here 
                to buy your tickets from the quoit media website.




tackling 
                the tech
the 
                unmutual website is indebted to peter horgan of jeppstones for 
                a fantastic article which has appeared online, written by peter.
the 
                article, which looks at how the series, and patrick mcgoohan, 
                predicted much of today's technology (proving again that the series 
                was well ahead of its time) makes for utterly fascinating reading, 
                especially where a 'prisoner' poster being photographed has some 
                unexpected consequences (left).
click 
                here 
                to read the article.
tuw 
                readers will recall peter created an excellent tribute theme 
                for 'the prisoner's' 50th anniversary in 2017 (click here), 
                and also contributed greatly to tuw's ty gobaith charity fund, 
                by buying at auction the limited edition vice press pri50ner poster 
                (click here).




more 
                guests for mcgoohan event


more 
                guests have been announced for the forthcoming patrick mcgoohan 
                tribute evening, taking place at elstree studios on june 23rd 
                2018 (see below).
joining 
                actress jane merrow and director john hough are two more movie 
                directors. emmy award winner alvin rakoff (left) directed mcgoohan 
                for the tv movie 'the best of friends', as well as classic films 
                such as 'crossplot', and wil take part in a special on-stage q&a 
                at the event. alex cox is author of 'i am not a number' and is 
                himself an award winning director.
vera 
                day is one of britain's best loved actresses of the 1950s and 
                1960s, who appeared in the mcgoohan movie 'hell drivers', and 
                last but not least, as more guests are set to be announced, tony 
                sloman, who worked with mcgoohan for over a year as film librarian 
                on 'the prisoner' series.
any 
                profits from the event are donated to ty gobaith children's hospice, 
                and tickets are just £20 each. click here 
                to buy your tickets from the quoit media website.
 


seattle 
                event update


sunday 
                9th september 2018 will see a fantastic convention dedicated to 
                'the prisoner' series in seattle, usa entitled 'the eternal village', 
                following on from their successful 50th anniversary event in september 
                2017.
guests 
                are now confirmed as actress annette andre, academic valarie ziegler, 
                and rick davy of the unmutual website.
to 
                coincide with the event, a series of fascinatibg podcasts are 
                being recorded by the organisers of the event, and the second 
                (update: third, as of 12/6/18) of these is now 
                online, click here 
                to listen, and for more details about what promises to be a very 
                special event.





foy 
                interview to be released

in 
                1990, patrick mcgoohan met with journalist howard foy at birmingham's 
                nec to record an interview for issue one of 'the box' magazine. 
                it would turn out to be mcgoohan's last in-depth interview regarding 
                'the prisoner'.
in 
                june 2018, quoit media limited are releasing a cd of the interview, 
                which is now available for pre-order at a bargain discounted price 
                of £6.99.
the 
                interview, which has been restored by legendary 'doctor who' sound 
                man mark ayres, lasts for 45 minutes and includes many revelations 
                and insights.
click 
                here 
                to order (with some proceeds donated to ty gobaith hospice).




unstoppable 
                offer 

following 
                on from their launch of the new official 'the prisoner' trading 
                card set (see news item below), tuw is delighted to announce an 
                exclusive special offer for site readers!
purchase 
                any 'prisoner' product from the unstoppable cards website and 
                use the checkout code unmutual18 and you'll get 
                a massive 15% off of your spend!
in 
                addition, all purchasers using that code will receive an exclusive 
                and highly limited edition 'unmutual website' promo card (front 
                left, rear below), not available by any other means than using 
                the unmutual18 offer code.
click 
                here 
                to visit the unstoppable website and order. the sets are beautifully 
                produced, see below for more details.





getting 
                your cards

released 
                officially today (thursday 3rd may) from unstoppable cards is 
                the prisoner official trading card set. 
consisting 
                of a 36 card basic set, a selection of various autograph cards 
                and randomly inserted sketch cards. the new set comes in factory 
                boxes which contain a basic set and 3 additional 'hit' chase cards, 
                either three autographs or two autographs and a sketch. there 
                are 24 pre-signed cards with 5 of these, including three designs 
                for peter wyngarde, being extra limited exclusives. in addition 
                a number of cut signature cards have been randomly inserted including 
                ones from patrick mcgoohan, leo mckern, eric portman, mary morris 
                amongst others. 
a 
                more detailed review will follow after release, the cards can 
                be ordered from here.

with 
                thanks to stephen pasqua for this news item.




coronet 
                blue in depth

regular 
                visitors to tuw will be aware of the fantastic research work undertaken 
                by tom mayer regarding the life and career of patrick mcgoohan, 
                so will be pleased to know that tom's latest work is now online, 
                and his latest piece, which is in 'the projection room' section 
                of the website, also has 'prisoner' connections.
coronet 
                blue is a rarely-seen tv show with lots of 'prisoner' parallels, 
                and tom has conducted research into the making of the show, and 
                also provides a review and episode guide to the series.
also 
                added to the projection room this week is the latest comparison 
                piece by andrew k shenton, author of 'unique but similar - the 
                prisoner compared', who is looking at the tv series 'an englishman's 
                castle'. click here to read the articles.




first 
                guests for 'not a number'

'not 
                a number - a patrick mcgoohan retrospective' is the latest event 
                from the unmutual and quoit media limited, taking place on the 
                evening of saturday 23rd june 2018 at the iconic elstree studios 
                in borehamwood.
similar 
                in style to the 'fifty years of the prisoner' event (review here), 
                the evening will see a mix of special guests, on-stage q&as, 
                screenings, attractions, and much more.
both 
                parties are delighted to announce that the first two guests, of 
                many, are confirmed as actress jane merrow (left), 
                who appeared in 3 episodes of 'danger man' with mcgoohan before 
                appearing as alison in 'the schizoid man' episode of 'the prisoner'.
the 
                second confirmed guest is director john hough, 
                who directed patrick in the 1978 film 'brass target' and has a 
                string of successful blockbusters to his name. other guests will 
                be announced shortly, including an emmy award winning movie director, 
                and an actress who appeared in one of patrick's best-loved films.
click 
                here 
                for tickets, which are only £20 each and in aid of ty gobaith 
                children's hospice.




third 
                series titles for big finish

as 
                announced at january's 'fifty years of the prisoner' event at 
                elstree (review here), big 
                finish are embarking on a third series on their audio re-imagining 
                of 'the prisoner' series.
writer 
                and director nicholas briggs has now announced the episode titles 
                that will make up three quarters of the series!
nicholas 
                will be tackling re-imagined versions of the tv episodes 'free 
                for all', 'the girl who was death', and 'do not forsake me', as 
                well as an unyet untitled fourth episode, which will not be based 
                on an original series episode.
click 
                here to 
                pre-order the set, which will be released in may 2019, those who 
                pre-order quickly will receive a special cover variant edition 
                of the new 'the prisoner - the uncertainty machine' comic from 
                titan, left (see news item below), with big finish's number six 
                mark elstob on the cover!
with 
                thanks to anthony rooney for this news item.




titan 
                comic reviewed

as 
                reported below in several news items, titan comics have embarked 
                on a much-anticipated re-imagining of 'the prisoner', in comic 
                book form, with a new four-part comic.
'the 
                prisoner - the uncertainty machine' is a monthly comic written 
                by peter milligan (from a plot by titan's main editor david leach), 
                illustrated by colin lorimer (colours: joana lafluente), and is 
                now on sale from all good stockists (from april 25th), with several 
                cover variants available by different artists.
click 
                here to read two reviews 
                of issue 1 of the comic at tuw (one from rick davy, and the other 
                from anthony rooney), and here 
                to read a review by all-round comics guru lew stringer.
coming 
                later in 2018 is a large titan book, featuring jack kirby's original 
                unfinished 'the prisoner' comic.

with 
                thanks to titan comics, lew stringer, and anthony rooney.




mcgoohan 
                tribute event confirmed

'not 
                a number - a patrick mcgoohan retrospective' is an exciting event 
                for 2018, taking place on the evening of saturday 23rd june.
following 
                on from the success of the 'fifty years of the prisoner' event 
                in january (review here), 
                the unmutual website has again teamed up with quoit media limited 
                to present an exciting event with special guests, screenings, 
                and other attractions.
the 
                event will be a tribute to patrick mcgoohan (left) and his work, 
                and again take place at the studio suite at elstree studios, in 
                aid of ty gobaith hospice, approved by the mcgoohan family.
special 
                guests will be announced in the coming weeks, ranging from people 
                who appeared on screen with patrick and knew him personally, to 
                people who worked behind the scenes on his films and series, and 
                people who have been inspired by him and his work.
tickets 
                are priced at only £20 per person (with a free book for 
                buying 3 or more tickets) and available from the quoit media limited 
                website here.


photo (left) (c) roger goodman.




more 
                models from pigeon guard

exciting 
                news has arrived at tuw that pigeon guard games, who are responsible 
                for the fantastic small scale models of portmeirion buildings 
                and iconic items from the world of 'the prisoner' in recent years, 
                that two new models have been added to their range.
the 
                control room area (left) and the telephone kiosk (below) are blessed 
                with fantastic craftmanship and detail, and both are 1:28 scale. 
                all pgg's models are now available 
                from tuw's shop area here, with 
                20% donated to the website's event fund for ty gobaith hospice.





vice 
                press variants

to 
                coincide with the release of titan's 'the prisoner' comic diamond 
                edition (see news item below), vice press, who originally released 
                the cover as a limited edition poster (details here), 
                have dug through their archives and have the final few copies 
                of chris weston’s variant print up for grabs, including 
                numbers 6 and 2 in the series. click here 
                for more details from the vp website.
they 
                are also soon to announce the second print of the series - watch 
                this space for more details!
with 
                thanks to james henshaw of vice press for this news item.




third 
                series for big finish

at 
                the recent 'fifty years of the prisoner' event (review here), 
                one of the special guests interviewed on stage was nicholas briggs 
                of big finish, writer and producer of 'the prisoner' audio re-imagining 
                (click here for more details and reviews).
during 
                nick's on-stage interview he exclusively announced that series 
                three of his well-received audio series would be going ahead (although 
                no date has been fixed).
the 
                unmutual website will of course be first to bring you the news 
                of what might be contained in the third series as soon as it is 
                announced.




be 
                streaming you

'in 
                my mind' is a 2017 documentary from network and chris rodley (see 
                below), detailing the events of 1983 when rodley interviewed patrick 
                mcgoohan for the channel 4 documentary 'six into one: the prisoner 
                file'.
utilising 
                archive interviews, and also new content (including a new interview 
                with catherine mcgoohan, previously unseen 8mm footage of the 
                filming of 'arrival', and drone footage of portmeirion), the film 
                was released on blu-ray and dvd in 2017.
readers 
                in europe and the usa will be pleased that it was announced in 
                the spring of 2018 that the film can now be viewed in certain 
                territories online! click here 
                for the network website, or here 
                for the link to amazon's streaming service.
with 
                thanks to al jones for this news item.




more 
                titan comic news

further 
                to announcements regarding titan's new 'the prisoner' comic, subscriptions 
                to the comic are now available, as well as pre-ordering the various 
                cover variants for the issues via forbidden planet here. 
                to subscribe to the entire series, click here.
also 
                recently posted online by titan was a video trailer for the new 
                comics (click here), 
                which utilises the big finish audio series 'the prisoner' theme.
also 
                announced is a 'diamond edition' cover, utilising the artwork 
                from the 50th anniversary poster produced by vice press (details 
                here) produced in 2017.

see 
                below for further news items regarding the new comic series.
with 
                thanks to titan and andrew frith for this news item.




jack 
                lowin r.i.p.

the 
                unmutual website is sad to announce that jack lowin, camera operator 
                on many episodes of 'the prisoner' and responsible for much of 
                the visual look of the series, passed away on february 25th 2018 
                at the age of 93.
jack 
                began his career working in feature films as a focus puller, before 
                itv gave him opportunities on the small screen.
he 
                worked on many of the early itc dramas, including 'william tell' 
                and 'the invisible man', before he was given a camera operating 
                role on patrick mcgoohan's 'danger man' series, where he struck 
                up a great working relationship, and also a long-standing friendship, 
                with the lead actor.
as 
                well as working on 'the prisoner', he also worked in the late 
                60s on other itc series such as 'man in a suitcase', 'department 
                s', 'randall and hopkirk', and 'ufo' before returning to the film 
                industry to work on greats such as 'watcher in the woods', 'return 
                of the jedi' and several james bond films.
tuw 
                would like to express its sincerest sympathies to the family and 
                friends of a uniquely talented man, whose contribution to 'the 
                prisoner' should never be underestimated.
click 
                here for a more detailed biography 
                and obituary.
with 
                thanks to nick lowin for this news item. image (c) david healey.




book 
                contributions needed

'it 
                means what it says' is a three-volume collection of 'the prisoner' 
                analysis and opinion, edited by ed fordham, printed in aid of 
                ty gobaith hospice.
ed 
                is now seeking contributions to volume 2 (sub-titled 'it's insoluble, 
                for man or machine', from number six's line in the episode 'the 
                general'). writes ed; 'i am looking for... photos, artwork, articles 
                and essays about ‘the prisoner’ and patrick mcgoohan. 
                i am particularly looking for tributes to peter wyngarde, favourite 
                episode orders (preferably with some discussion of why the order 
                has been chosen), favourite episodes and actors.'
if 
                you would like to contribute to the new book, email ed at itmeans50@outlook.com. 
                volume one (pictured left) is still available through amazon 
                publishing.




fiftieth 
                event report online

once 
                again, the unmutual website would like to say a massive thank 
                you to everyone who attended and supported the recent 'fifty years 
                of the prisoner' event at elstree studios, which saw a heady mix 
                of special guests (pictured left), screenings, prop and costume 
                displays, book signings, and much more, all in aid of ty gobaith 
                hospice.
a 
                full photo report of the event is now online here. 
                a dvd of the event will be available later in 2018. excess event 
                programme booklets are on sale for only £2.99 (free uk p&p) 
                here.




tally 
                ho podcast returns

tuw 
                readers may recall the excellent 'tally ho podcast', an offshoot 
                of the popular 'time for cakes and ale' podcast, running during 
                2017, so we are delighted to announce that the podcast has returned 
                in 2018!
eeson 
                and becks are your hosts, joined regularly by special guests from 
                'the prisoner', and its legacy (check out the forthcoming spcial 
                with 'in my mind' director chris rodley), for a 17-part fortnightly 
                podcast, with each segment covering each episode of 'the prisoner'.
'arrival' 
                is now online for you to listen to or download, and due to the 
                hosts' easy-going yet informative style, it's a fascinating and 
                enjoyable 100 minutes.
click 
                here 
                for the podcast website and to listen.




more 
                mags

two 
                more magazines of interest to readers have been published, on 
                sale as of early-mid february 2018 in most stockists.
firstly, 
                the latest issue (issue 8) of 'infinity' magazine includes a feature 
                on 'danger man', written by robert fairclough. secondly, 'classic 
                and sportscar' magazine,. march 2018 issue, sees a four-oage feature 
                on the recently restored mini moke from 'the prisoner', which 
                includes interviews with co-owner and restorer phil caunt, and 
                number two actors peter wyngarde and derren nesbitt.

with 
                thanks to phil caunt, phil coomes, and robert fairclough.




september 
                2018 for seattle

tuw 
                is excited to announce that seattle will again host, as it did 
                in 2017, an event dedicated to 'the prisoner' in 2018, with special 
                guests and exclusive content.
'the 
                eternal village' is organised by the same team that brought the 
                very successful 'prisonercon2017' to fans (review here) 
                and will take place at the broadway performance hall in seattle, 
                wa, on sunday 9th september 2018.
the 
                event will include special guest interviews and meet-and-greets, 
                screenings, signing sessions, and much more! guests include 'the 
                prisoner' and 'danger man' actress jane merrow (pictured), 
                academic valarie ziegler, and rick davy of the unmutual website, 
                who will have with him some rare archive materials to show attendees.
click 
                here 
                to visit 'the eternal village' website for more details regarding 
                this fantastic event, to register your interest in attending, 
                and put 9.9.18 in your diary!




april 
                location tours confirmed

sunday 
                april 15th 2018 will see the first of the years location tour 
                days for 'the prisoner' and 'danger man', organised as ever by 
                dave lally.
the 
                morning tour takes in locations from 'danger man', the afternoon 
                tour starts at 2.00pm at marble arch and sees over 20 locations 
                from 'the prisoner' visited, including those from the opening 
                sequence, and the episodes 'many happy returns', 'do not forsake 
                me', and 'fall out'.
tours 
                are free to attend (other than your own travel and food/drink 
                costs), and more details can be read on the events page here.




exceptional 
                elstree 

'fifty 
                years of the prisoner', held at elstree studios on sunday 21st 
                january 2018, was a magnificent success.
the 
                largest 'the prisoner' event to be held since 1998 saw guests 
                from the making of the series, and those influenced by their work, 
                and over 160 attendees, enjoy on-stage guest panels, screenings, 
                displays, and more, in aid of ty gobaith children's hospice.
a 
                full photo report will appear here shortly.




titan 
                comics update

tuw 
                is excited to have been presented with further details, and images 
                (left, and below) regarding the various 'the prisoner' comics 
                which are being released by titan comics in 2018.
first 
                up, an oversized artist edition of a lost comic book classic by 
                comic book legends jack kirby and gil kane, and secondly a brand-new 
                comic series set in the world of 'the prisoner' by celebrated 
                writer peter milligan (x-statix, the mummy) and artist colin lorimer 
                (the hunt, harvest).
in 
                july, titan comics will publish an art-sized, hardcover collection 
                of jack kirby, gil kane and steve englehart’s long-lost, 
                previously unpublished the prisoner comic strips based on the 
                cult classic.
this 
                special oversized collectors edition will contain the entire 17 
                page jack kirby strip, the first six pages of which were inked 
                and lettered by mike royer, as well as 18 pages of pencils drawn 
                by legendary comic artist gil kane. 
the 
                new 'the prisoner' series issue 1 will be released with different 
                cover variants, later in 2018. more news will of course be posted 
                on the unmutual website nearer the time of release. 

with 
                thanks to titan comics, nick joy, and tom mayer for this news 
                item.




peter 
                wyngarde r.i.p.

tuw 
                is sad to announce that legendary actor peter wyngarde, who played 
                number two in the episode 'checkmate' has passed away at chelsea 
                and westminster hospital in london, following a short illness.
probably 
                best remembered for his portrayal of jason king in the itc series 
                'department s' (and the spin off 'jason king' series), peter had 
                a long and varied career, making his mark in tv, film, theatre, 
                and radio. 
appearances 
                in shows such as 'the avengers', 'the champions', and of course 
                'the prisoner' are fondly remembered, as are movie roles such 
                as an unforgettable and menacing appearance in 'flash gordon', 
                and peter was a regular at memorabilia conventions, where he was 
                always a likeable and pleasant contributor. most recently, in 
                september 2017, he appeared at the 'fall in' 50th anniversary 
                event, hosted by network in portmeiron.
his 
                agent thomas bowington, and best friend tina hopkins, were with 
                him throughout his hospital stay, and he passed peacefully in 
                his sleep. tuw's thoughts and sympathies are with all peter's 
                family, friends, and many fans at this sad time.
an 
                appreciative obituary (contrary to the distasteful one originally 
                printed by the guardian) in the guardian by toby hadoke can be 
                read here.
with 
                thanks to paul white, andrew frith, simon mackay for this news 
                item. 




guests 
                announced for jan event

arrangements 
                for the 'fifty years of the prisoner' anniversary event, taking 
                place at elstree studios on sunday january 21st at 7pm, are gathering 
                pace, with the announcement (as of 12th january) that 7 guests, 
                plus many more to come, are confirmed as attending the event.
original 
                'the prisoner' crew members tony sloman, david shillingford, and 
                ian rakoff, directors john hough (who directed mcgoohan in 'brass 
                target') and alex cox, nick briggs (left) of big finish, 'in my 
                mind' and 'six into one' director chris rodley, and actor brian 
                gorman will take part in exclusive q&as at the event.

                along with screenings, other special guests, and other attractions, 
                the event promises to be a very special celebration of our favourite 
                tv series, at an iconic tv and film location.
tickets 
                for the event are £20 each and can be purchased from here.




50th 
                anniversary event for january

sunday 
                21st january 2018 will see the latest exciting event to celebrate 
                'the prisoner' 50th anniversary.
the 
                iconic elstree studios, across the road from the former site of 
                mgm where the series was filmed, will play host to an event organised 
                by the unmutual website and quoit media limited.
the 
                event will include several special guests, on-stage q&a sessions, 
                screenings, attractions, and is only £20 per person to attend.
the 
                event starts at 7.00pm and profits will be donated to ty gobaith 
                children's hospice in north wales.
with 
                not long to go until the event, and with tickets in very limited 
                number, it is advisable to purchase your tickets as soon as possible, 
                direct from the quoit media website here. 
                guests will be announced shortly.
earlier 
                that afternoon, dave lally will conduct a walking tour of film, 
                tv, and 'the prisoner' locations in the area, starting at 2.00pm 
                at elstree and borehamwood station (details here).




be 
                itc-ing you

'playboys, 
                spies and private eyes - inspired by itc' is a new anthology book 
                edited by alan hayes, and rick davy, celebrating the action-adventure 
                shows produced by itc and how they have touched the lives of so 
                many.
'the 
                prisoner' and 'danger man' are of course both included, with no 
                less than four chapters dedicated to each show.
with 
                35 different chapters by nearly 30 different writers (including 
                writers such as robert fairclough, mike kenwood, and jaz wiseman), 
                a foreword by actress annette andre, afterword by elaine spooner 
                (daughter of dennis), the book is now available for pre-order 
                at a discount (cover price is £12.99 plus p&p, pre-order 
                price £11.99 with free uk p&p), with the scheduled release 
                date 12th december 2017.
click 
                here 
                to read more about this book, and to order your copy.




to 
                infinity and beyond

'infinity' 
                is a science fiction, film, television, and retro magazine, always 
                packed with features and reviews concerning films, books, and 
                television of interest, available from many branches of wh smith's 
                in the uk, and online at the infinity website here.
issue 
                6, out on november 23rd 2017, is a 'the prisoner' special! featuring 
                an in-depth article by brian j robb, a series production history 
                by rick davy, and a review of the recent 'fall in' 50th anniversary 
                event by robert fairclough, plus artwork and a poster by mark 
                maddox, the issue has plenty for fans of 'the prisoner', so you're 
                advised to order your copy as soon as possible.
also 
                included in this issue are features on 'the time tunnel', and 
                'robocop'. future issues will be focussing on series such as 'ufo' 
                and 'randall and hopkirk (deceased)'.




fenella's 
                memoirs published

the 
                village voice for the village in 'the prisoner' was famously provided 
                by actress fenella fielding (who had previously also appeared 
                in the series 'danger man' (alongside patrick mcgoohan), so it 
                is with exciment that it has been announced that fenella's memoirs, 
                written by her and simon mckay, are now published and available 
                in book form.
a 
                printed (and expanded with new content and photographs) version 
                of her earlier audio memoirs, 
                'do you mind if i smoke?' (the title comes from fenella's iconic 
                line from the film 'carry on screaming') is a fascinating read, 
                covering her long life and career (fenella will turn 90 in november 
                2017), including her time on the series. coverage of her 90th 
                can be found here.
a 
                series of reading events and signings have occurred, and are planned 
                for the future. click here 
                for all the details on the book, events, and to order your signed 
                copies!
in 
                researching for the book, fenella and simon came accross fenella's 
                diary entry for her 'the prisoner' recordings, and tuw is very 
                grateful for them sharing this with readers (below). it appears 
                that her voiceover session took place on 21st december 1966.

with 
                thanks to simon mckay for this news item.




jane's 
                journal

ask 
                any fan of 'the prisoner' for a list of their favourite guest 
                stars from the series, and jane merrow, who played alison in 'the 
                schizoid man' and also appeared with patrick mcgoohan in several 
                episodes of 'danger man', will be on it.
an 
                enthralling guest at the recent 50th 
                anniversary event, and 11 years previously at pm2006, 
                jane has in recent years been writing a very entertaining and 
                interesting online blog on her website, which comes highly recommended.
a 
                golden globe nominated actress for 'a lion in winter', and one 
                of the few british actresses to have also had a successful career 
                in hollywood, jane's career is a great story and her blog is a 
                great read. from stories of her many appearances on tv, film, 
                and theatre, to her views on current affairs, her views and experiences 
                make for fascinating reading.
click 
                here to 
                visit jane's website and read her blog.




box 
                of delights

to 
                celebrate 'the prisoner' 50th anniversary, network have created 
                a fantastic series of new and exciting products, in various packages.
firstly, 
                there is a new dvd/blu-ray limited edition set, which includes 
                all 17 episodes in stunning high definition, now with optional 
                text commentaries for every episode detailing the scene by scene 
                production story of the series.
the 
                set also includes a wealth of new special features including the 
                new documentary 'in my mind', new 8mm behind the scenes production 
                footage, out-takes/trims, previously unseen stills, rare patrick 
                mcgoohan interview material, two 'danger man' episodes, and much 
                more.
also 
                available is a new soundtrack set. comprising 6 cds of both the 
                incidental and theme music composed for the series and also the 
                chappell library music used in the series, making it the most 
                complete soundtrack collection released to date.
last 
                but not least, a colour hardback book by andrew pixley 'the prisoner 
                - an illustrated history', containing a wealth of previously unpublished 
                photographs.
if 
                all of those individual elements take your fancy, you can have 
                them all in a highly limited edition collection, with village 
                packaging, in one package (below).
click 
                here for the full specification 
                details of all the new 50th anniversary items from network, and 
                ordering details.





original 
                moke restored

one 
                of the highlights of the recent 'fall in - the prisoner at fifty' 
                50th anniversary event was the unveiling of the newly restored 
                original moke from the series.
discovered 
                in a barn in 2011, the moke was purchased by fans phil caunt and 
                jeremy guy for over £13000 at auction in 2015, and phil 
                has since undertaken a complete restoration of the vehicle, which 
                was on show at the portmeirion event and now looks as good as 
                new!
the 
                moke featured in several sequences in 'arrival', and perhaps most 
                famously bearing its original numberplate in 'living in harmony'. 
                many of the original elements, including the engine, were retained 
                by phil, with even the original penny farthing bonnet decal still 
                intact.
click 
                here 
                to read a fascintating telegraph article about the restoration, 
                and here 
                at a mini blog. click here for more 
                information regarding mokes from tuw.

with 
                thanks to phil caunt for this news item. photos (c) mandy brookes.
 


documentary 
                on pre-order

'in 
                my mind' is a new feature length documentary from network, by 
                chris rodley, which premiered at the recent 50th anniversary event 
                (review here).
telling 
                the story of rodley's 1983 documentary 'six into one', and presenting 
                'the prisoner' from the mcgoohan point of view, the documentary 
                includes previously unseen mcgoohan interview footage, archive 
                footage such as the warner troyer interview, previously unreleased 
                8mm behind the scenes footage of 'arrival', plus new footage including 
                an exclusive catherine mcgoohan interview conducted in 2017, and 
                some wonderful new drone footage of portmeirion.
click 
                here to read the unmutual's 
                review of the film, described as 'an astonishing piece of work'.
the 
                bfi are screening the film as part of a 'spy day' on saturday 
                november 25th, details here. click here 
                to pre-order the film from network.




robbed!

the 
                unmutual website has been enthralled recently by the work of writer 
                brian j robb, who will be familiar to readers of sci-fi, film, 
                and other genre magazines.
the 
                latest issue of fortean times (left) includes an article by robb 
                regarding the 'occult world of patrick mcgoohan', which looks 
                at the series and its gnostic themes.
robb 
                has also been active online, and is currently presenting a weekly 
                blog to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the series, looking 
                at each episode in turn, presenting a synopsis, but also a look 
                at the hidden meanings, and some fun trivia too!
brian's 
                work and blog comes highly recommended by the unmutual website, 
                and the blog can be found here.




more 
                comics from titan

following 
                on from the news (below, and here) 
                that titan comics are printing the jack kirby 1970s 'the prisoner' 
                comic in book form in 2018, exciting news has reached tuw that 
                titan are announcing further prisoner-related products next year.
firstly, 
                there will be an all-new comic book series written by peter milligan, 
                drawn by colin lorimer, which appears to be a series sequel. peter 
                says: "what an honour it is now, thanks to titan comics, 
                to be writing number 6’s successor into that enigmatic and 
                beguiling world."
 
                more information on this series is available at down the tubes 
                here.
secondly, 
                the dean motter / mark asquith comic 'shattered 
                visage' is also getting the titan treatment and will be reprinted 
                in 2018.
with 
                thanks to lew stringer, tom mayer, nick joy, and paul for this 
                news item.




fantastic 
                fiftieth! 

'the 
                prisoner' 50th anniversary of the first uk screening of 'arrival' 
                took place on 29th september 2017, and to celebrate, courtesy 
                of the company network, an unforgettable celebratory event took 
                place in portmeirion.
for 
                all who purchased tickets, the cost of which included a limited 
                edition bluray set (rrp £70) and goodie bag, it was an unrivalled 
                event in terms of content and quality, and will live long in the 
                memory of all those who attended.
guest 
                stars from the series (including peter wyngarde, derren nesbitt, 
                norma west (left), jane merrow, fenella fielding, and annette 
                andre), series crew (seamus byrne), and patrick mcgoohan's daughter 
                catherine (below) were interviewed on stage, interspersed with 
                35mm film screenings of episodes, a live episode performance in 
                the dome from big finish, the premiere of chris rodley's new documentary, 
                vehicle displays, and much much more.
the 
                unmutual website is proud to have been involved in such a landmark 
                and unforgettable event, and sends its heartiest congratulations 
                to network, portmeirion, and everyone involved.
click 
                here to read an in-depth photo 
                report on the event.





tally 
                ho! 

exciting 
                news has reached tuw that 'time for cakes and ale', a fantastic 
                online podcast in which eeson and becks chat all things geek, 
                now has a spin-off podcast called 'the tally ho', dedicated to 
                'the prisoner'.
running 
                daily throughout the 50th anniversary period, each episode has 
                a special guest, including nicholas briggs of 'big finish', writers 
                fiona moore and robert fairclough, and rick davy of the unmutual 
                website. all the episodes make fascinating listening, and come 
                highly recommended by the unmutual website.
click 
                here 
                for the list of episodes and to listen/download.
in 
                early 2018, the podcast will produce new episodes, one for each 
                episode of 'the prisoner', with again special guests for each 
                episode.




alex 
                cox interviewed

several 
                weeks ago, the unmutual website announced the exciting news that 
                film director and 'the prisoner' aficionado alex cox (left) had 
                written a new book about the series: 'i am (not) a number - decoding 
                the prisoner', so it is with more excitement that alex agreed 
                to conduct an interview with tuw regarding the book.
click 
                here to read the interview, 
                in which alex talks about his love of the series, and discusses 
                the book in detail.
the 
                book is available from amazon here 
                and all good bookshops in paperback and kindle versions.

update: 
                a review of the book can be read at pop matters here.
with 
                thanks to alex cox and steven paul davies.




chappell 
                set reduced

in 
                2010 producer derek lawton announced and produced a limited edition 
                run of 1000 of the chappell library music from the prisoner (all 
                the music not specially composed for the series), to great acclaim 
                from experts and fans.
as 
                stocks are nearly out, the unmutual website has been provided 
                with a few sets for sale in aid of tuw's event fund for ty gobaith 
                hospice, which are reduced from £30 to £10 (plus shipping).
click 
                here to order your set while stocks 
                last.
the 
                unmutual also, thanks to dan kreeger, now hosts an extensive look 
                at all the soundtrack album releases including a full tracklisting 
                for each. click here for this invaluable 
                piece of research.
 


working 
                with patrick

insights 
                into working with patrick mcgoohan away from 'the prisoner' are 
                few and far between, so it is with much excitement that a new 
                book, which details such an experience, is now available.
'surviving 
                hollywood north - crew confessions from an insider' is available 
                in both paperback and kindle forms, and tells the story of ellie 
                presner's ten years as a script coordinator/reviser in the tv 
                and film industry.
her 
                account includes several chapters detailing the several months 
                she spent working with mcgoohan on a script, and is also illustrated 
                with several photos of patrick and family in his home (taken with 
                permission, of course).
click 
                here 
                to buy from amazon, with a percentage of your spend donated to 
                ty gobaith hospice at no extra cost to yourself or the author.
with 
                thanks to ellie presner for this news item.




miss 
                freedom re-printed

in 
                the early 200s, powys media obtained the rights to produce a series 
                of novels based on 'the prisoner'.
the 
                first, 'the prisoner's dilemma' by jon blum and rupert booth, 
                was well received and sold, but the second book in the series, 
                'miss freedom' by andrew cartmel, was only produced in very limited 
                quantities (with a 100-copy print run with a cover variant for 
                the pm2008 event in portmeirion) and is therefore much sought 
                after by collectors.
the 
                good news is that september 2017 is seeing a special reprint of 
                the book. available from lulu , the reprinted version is priced 
                at £19 here.
the 
                book is a 'cracking spy story' according to the review here.
with 
                thanks to mateo latosa for this news item.




mag 
                frenzy 

the 
                50th anniversary of 'the prisoner' is, as one would expect, attracting 
                a fair amount of media attention during september 2017.
the 
                latest is a spate of magazine articles about the series. firstly, 
                'starburst' issue 441 includes a nicely written 4-page piece by 
                brian 'everyman' gorman about the series' longevity, and is out 
                now at all good retailers.
also 
                available is issue 358 of 'fortean times', which includes a piece 
                by brian j robb regarding the 'occult of patrick mcgoohan', which 
                looks at the series and its gnostic themes.





let 
                there be music

as 
                you will have read on the unmutual, the 50th anniversary of 'the 
                prisoner' has inspired events, releases, articles, and much fan 
                activitiy.
none 
                are more interesting than a project from peter horgan, in which 
                he has created an alternative theme music for the series!
inspired 
                by the now-defunct possible 'the prisoner' computer game, peter 
                constructed an alternative theme in 2014. dormant until now, peter 
                now plans to release it on youtube on 29th september.
click 
                here to read more from peter, 
                and to watch an online advert video for the experience.
with 
                thanks to peter horgan for this news item.





anniversary 
                poster on sale

to 
                celebrate this month's 50th anniversary celebrations for 'the 
                prisoner', vice press have announced a very limited edition poster, 
                by renowned artist chris weston.
available 
                as a numbered colour print (limited to 125 copies) at £40, 
                or black and white (60 copies) at £50, the item has been 
                officially licensed by itv and depicts patrick mcgoohan, portmeirion, 
                and some other familiar faces.
click 
                here to read the full press release 
                for the poster from vice press, including a lovely piece by the 
                artist.
the 
                posters will be on sale at thought bubble in leeds who can be 
                found at tables 49 to 51 in the leeds town hall marquee. from 
                28/9 remaining copies will be on sale online. click here 
                then to visit their website order your numbered poster.
fancy 
                owning poster #6?
in 
                a tremendous gesture from the guys at vice press, the unmutual 
                website is excited to announce that poster #6 will be auctioned 
                via the unmutual, with profits from the sale donated to ty gobaith 
                (hope house) children's hospice. please send an email here 
                with your bid, the highest bidder will win the auction!

with 
                thanks to lew stringer, nick joy, and vice press for this news 
                item.




high 
                time for high tide

exciting 
                news for fans of the film work of patrick mcgoohan has arrived 
                at unmutual towers this month, with the announcement that the 
                1957 movie, 'high tide at noon', one of mcgoohan's earliest screen 
                appearances, is to be released on dvd for the first time.
the 
                romantic thriller, nominated for a cannes film festival award 
                that year, also starred betta st john, william sylvester, and 
                michael craig, and was one of the movies which mcgoohan made during 
                the period in the late 1950s when he was contracted to the rank 
                organisation.
the 
                dvd is available for pre-order from amazon, click here 
                to enter amazon and tuw's ty gobaith hospice fund will receive 
                a proportion of your spend at no cost to you.
with 
                thanks to tom mayer for this news item.




danger 
                man doc

“the 
                danger men” is the title of a new dvd documentary made over 
                15 years ago, for inclusion on an american dvd release of “danger 
                man”.
the 
                participants, peter price, philip broadley and frank maher are 
                no longer with us, so this documentary stands as a tribute to 
                their work, and is an insight into their involvement in the production.
included 
                on the disc is extra content, with the guests talking about other 
                projects they were involved with , including several anecdotes 
                and references to 'the prisoner'.
a 
                trailer for the film is online here.
pre-orders 
                are now being taken on ebay here, 
                at a price of just £15 (if you intend to buy, please enter 
                ebay via here and ty gobaith hospice 
                will receive a proportion of your spend at no cost to you).
with 
                thanks to jeff smart for this news item.




spend 
                a penny farthing

it's 
                always nice to see mention of penny farthing bicycles, always 
                a chance that someone will point to 'the prisoner' when seeing 
                it, so the unmutual makes no apologies for bring readers' attention 
                'the league of ordinary riders'.

                the group is a loose collective of riders from across the globe 
                who ride and race penny farthings. more info on the group can 
                be found on the facebook page here.
 group 
                member matthew trott also runs a small family business with his 
                father building and selling modern penny farthings and undertaking 
                restoration and repair of antique machines. their work is of the 
                very highest quality and comes highly recommended by tuw. click 
                here 
                to visit the website.
with 
                thanks to matthew trott for this news item.




sixty 
                for seven

the 
                lotus 7, which was of course the car which number six 'built with 
                his own hands' in 'the prisoner', has, like 'the prisoner', reached 
                a milstone, and portmeirion recently played host to the 60th anniversary 
                celebrations.
countless 
                lotus and caterham 7s were on hand at the village for the event, 
                with parades of the cars, photo calls, and other events throughout 
                the day.

with 
                thanks to paul white for this news item and images.




last 
                chance for colony three

sad 
                news has reached tuw that the planned redevelopment and demolition 
                of the main hatfield locations for the prisoneresque 'danger man' 
                episode 'colony three' is set to go ahead later in 2017.
first 
                announced in 2011, it was hoped that the 'on-hold' project of 
                redevelopment of the hill and shopping area seen in the episode 
                would be further delayed, but sadly it appears that this is no 
                longer the case.
on 
                september 15th 2017 dave lally will be hosting a location visit 
                to the locations from the episode as part of a weekend of 'prisoner' 
                and 'danger man' locations tours, details here.
with 
                thanks to kieran mcaleer for this news item.




article 
                book on sale

'it 
                means what it says - trying to understand the prisoner' is a new 
                book edited by ed fordham, which compiles a number of articles 
                and research relating to 'the prisoner' series.
the 
                large format book includes a new comic strip by steve matt, a 
                foreword by rick davy of the unmutual website, and countless articles 
                by fans and researchers of 'the prisoner' from all over the world.
available 
                in paperback, full colour paperback, and kindle versions, the 
                book is in aid of ty gobaith hospice and comes highly recommended 
                by the unmutual website. click here 
                to visit amazon and to order your copy, which is published by 
                amazon kindle publishing.




brian 
                does bond

brian 
                gorman will be well known to readers of the unmutual website, 
                following his successful one-man stage show 'everyman', which 
                was later turned into a graphic novel and a cd audio drama, which 
                tells the story of the life of patrick mcgoohan up until the creation 
                of 'the prisoner' (on sale here).
brian's 
                latest project is 'one man bond', in which gorman portrays james 
                bond in all of the bond films to date in a one-hour one-man show.
click 
                here for more details and to buy 
                tickets for one of the perfomances, happening all over the uk, 
                and for a review here 
                from starburst magazine.




100 
                not out

the 
                unmutual website would like to wish earl cameron 'many happy returns' 
                on reaching the wonderful milestone of 100 years.
earl 
                (pictured left with dave jones at pm2007) 
                was a trailblazer for black actors in the 1950s and 1960s, and 
                will be best remembered to tuw readers for his role as the haitian 
                supervisor in the episode 'the schzoid man', as well as several 
                appearances in 'danger man'.
still 
                un-retired, earl was seen more recently in blockbusters such as 
                'the queen'. happy birthday earl!
an 
                interview in the guardian with earl can be read here.
with 
                thanks to andrew frith for the link.




kirby 
                art for 2018
 
                exciting news is that scheduled for march 2018 is 'the prisoner 
                original art edition' from titan books. a hardback collection 
                of the pages produced for marvel's aborted 1970s comics based 
                on the prisoner tv series of the sixties. 
jack 
                kirby produced one issue based on the script for arrival, the 
                first episode. his rendition of patrick mcgoohan was excellent, 
                and with titan behind the publication it promises to be an excellent 
                edition.
a 
                new version was embarked upon by gil kane (written by steve englehart) 
                but that too was never completed. the book will gather together 
                all the pages and publish them officially for the first time.
more 
                details will be announced on the unmutual website nearer to the 
                publication date.
with 
                thanks to lew stringer, francis robinson, and david stimpson.





harmony 
                actor dies
 
                it is with much sadness that tuw has today learned that actor 
                gordon sterne, who played the part of 'bystander' (who tries to 
                convince six that harmony is "a good town") in the episode 
                'living in harmony', passed away in april 2017 at the age of 94.
born 
                in 1923, sterne had a long and distinguished career which spanned 
                six decades, including appearances in early series such as 'i 
                spy' and 'the saint', movie classics such as 'from russia with 
                love' and 'highlander', and more recently as bishop tunstall in 
                the series 'the tudors', which ran from 2007-2009.
the 
                unmutual website would like to offer its condolences to the family 
                and friends of a fine actor, whose role in 'the prisoner', whilst 
                small, was pivotal and memorable.
with 
                thanks to david stimpson for this news item.




alex 
                cox book announced
 
                fans of 'the prisoner' will be delighted to hear the news that 
                movie director ('repo man') and cult tv and film aficionado alex 
                cox has written a new book about the series.
'i 
                am not a number - decoding the prisoner' is a new book which attempts 
                to discover the underlying message and background of the series 
                and its characters by analysing what we see and hear on screen, 
                and is a fascinating read.
kamera 
                books are publishing the book, with december as print release 
                with an ebook version available from 29 september 2017 (the ser5ies' 
                50th anniversary). click 
                here to watch a great little video of alex talking about the 
                book.
more 
                details regarding this book will be announced nearer the time.
update 
                21/10/17: book 
                now on sale at the publisher's website, 2 weeks before general 
                sale! each hard copy comes with a free e-book! order here.
with 
                thanks to alex cos and steven paul davies.




the 
                new number two
 
                the cover art for the long-awaited second series of big finish's 
                re-imaging of 'the prisoner' as an audio drama series has been 
                released.
four 
                episodes make up the second series, each written by producer and 
                director nicholas briggs, and as with the previous series they 
                come highly recommended by the unmutual website.
episode 
                1 of series 2 is entitled 'i met a man today' and is a re-imagining 
                of 'many happy returns', and beautifully written and performed.
episodes 
                two and three are loosely based on 'a. b. and c.' and 'hammer 
                into anvil' and feature some great, and returning, characters 
                and delve deep into the darkest areas of number six's mind (as 
                well as exploring further the themes of paranoia and so forth 
                which briggs looked at in the first series).
as 
                for episode 4, 'living in harmony', it's out of this world!
a 
                full review of series 2 is onloine here. 
                click here to read more about both 
                series, including a special report from studio recordings, interviews 
                with nick briggs and the cast, and much more. 
with 
                thanks to nick briggs / big finish for the cover image and news.




the 
                essential guide
 
                'the prisoner - the essential guide' is the title of a new book, 
                written by 'prisoner' historian and researcher rick davy.
published 
                by quoit media limited in june 2017, the 36-page a5-sized guidebook 
                is packed with information about the genesis, making, and legacy 
                of the series and acts as a handy guide to all the elements which 
                made the series so beloved.
the 
                book, full colour throughout, also includes a full episode guide 
                and many officially licensed and previously unpublished photographs.
priced 
                at only £2.99, the book is available from all good bookshops, 
                online and offline, and from the unmutual website here 
                and the publisher's website here.

 


about 
                'the unmutual'
the 
                unmutual website serves as the world's largest online source of 
                information about the iconic 60’s t.v. series ‘the 
                prisoner’ and ‘danger man’ providing information 
                about both series, patrick mcgoohan, the cast and crews, the village 
                of portmeirion in which filming took place, and all official and 
                independent ‘prisoner’ related activities, books, 
                events, and news. it supports ty gobaith, a children's hospice 
                in north wales, by donating profits raised by the unmutual website's 
                online sales or events to them. http://www.hopehouse.org.uk/care/
                the unmutual website is not a fan club, society, or group. it 
                is a free online resource for all prisoner fans.




more news:


the 
          unmutual. an online non-profit cyber-magazine, intended to serve as 
          a free news service for fans of the prisoner tv series, its star patrick 
          mcgoohan, and portmeirion in aid of ty gobaith hospice. promotion of 
          prisoner merchandise provided entirely free of charge for the benefit 
          of prisoner fans. neither this website nor events run under its banner 
          are connected with any society, group, or fan club whatsoever, or any 
          other website using the name "unmutual". no responsibility 
          can be taken for individuals unconnected with this website claiming 
          to act on its behalf.
compiled, 
          written, and hosted by rick davy. words and images may not be reproducedwithout 
          prior permission, and are © rick davy and the unmutual website 
          unless otherwise stated. "the unmutual" logo design, "unmutual 
          news archive" logo design, and the character "alistair sadgitt" 
          are all copyright © lew stringer 2004. not to be used without written 
          or emailed permission.
thanks 
          to the various sources for supplying the news items and everyone for 
          their continued help and support (you know who you are) and to lew stringer, 
          who devised and originally ran the unmutual website. 

          the prisoner is copyright © itv studios.
site 
          last updated: 25/2/2020. site history: click here.
keep 
          checking back for more unmutual updates, or subscribe 
          to our email updates!!
----------------------------------------------------------------------
          site sponsors:
visit dissertation team if you're looking for the best thesis services
            e custom writing service is the company thousands of  college students trust all over the world
            paper writing pros are your essay writing bros!
buy cheap, relaible and multi-colors bridesmaid dresses uk here, more styles waiting for you.  
cheapwritinghelp and its cheap essays written from scratch can be a great solution for students. affordable paper writing services from 9.50$/page!  
 


all 
        profits from the unmutual website and its events are donated to:
 
total 
        raised so far:
£5110.49










join 
          us on:



help us 
          fundraise:

click 
          below if
          you use ebay!












________________________
dc 
        tours



 

