




























vital theatre company | welcome



































vital theatre company


menu





buy tickets


productions

pinkalicious the musicalvital's the wizard of oz 



touring


about us



contact














sign up & save!



 















 








 

 



















actors temple theatre



ages
				+
                       		





pinkalicious the musical

based on the book "pinkalicious" by victoria kann and elizabeth kann
book by elizabeth kann & victoria kannmusic by john gregorlyrics by john gregor, elizabeth kann and victoria kann





 sign up and save



  
								
								feb 23, 2025 through may 18, 2025								
selected sundays

11:00 am



 
                           actors temple theatre
339 w 47th st
new york, ny 10036
just west of 8th avenue


















actors temple theatre



ages
				2-8+
                       		





vital's the wizard of oz

based on 1900 children's novel the wonderful wizard of oz written by author l. frank baum and illustrated by w. w. denslow and the 1939 film the wizard of oz with music and lyrics by harold arlen and e. y. harburg background music by herbert stothart dance and vocal arrangements by peter howard orchestration by larry wilcox
adapted and directed for vital theatre company by michael schloegl





 sign up and save



  
								
								feb 22, 2025 through may 17, 2025								
selected saturdays

11:00 am



 
                           actors temple theatre
339 w 47th st
new york, ny 10036
just west of 8th avenue


								also coming to a city near you! check dates


















about vital theatre company


vital theatre company is a community of artists who believe that a shared theatrical experience profoundly affects people’s lives. we create stories that challenge our audience to ask questions, make discoveries and engage in dialogue.
if one adult is inspired, 
                                        if one child’s imagination is awakened, 
                                        if one student is empowered,
                                        our theatre is important and vital.
a brief history of vital theatre:
vital was founded in march of 1999 with the goal of creating a safe home to nurture emerging theatre artists — and that vision has blossomed .
vital theatre company is proud to have been recognized with the following honors: 2012 offbroadway
alliance awards best family show: stinkykids the musical; american theatre wing award for continued commitment to excellence in theatre (2006, 2007); off-off broadway review (oobr) awards for excellence: the king of mackie street, funny, shakin' the mess outta misery (also nominated for outstanding production of a play by new york it awards & audelco award for best ensemble), idiot's delight, the ballad of irving the frog; theatre company of the year by nytheatre.com for vital children's theatre company season; and all stars project inc.'s community recognition award to vital children's theatre.
                                        










vital theatre company
stephen sunderlin, founding producing artistic director
										michael schloegl, founder
board of directors

deborah adelman, president
natalie riccio, vice president
louis salamone, secretary/treasurer
stephen sunderlin, board member
                                         
if you are interested in becoming a board member or parent ambassador
contact us via e-mail: office@vitaltheatre.org or call stephen sunderlin at 212.799.3753
                                        















contribute




click here
 to donate to vital theatre company today!
                                        












contact




by phone
 (212) 799-3753




vital theatre company
		
                                        new york, ny
                                                
check ticket confirmation for venue location

privacy policy





by email
info@vitaltheatre.org









social

















vital theatre company - new york, ny













