










custom cabinet doors & drawer fronts | valley door wisconsin






















custom cabinet doors & drawer fronts | valley door wisconsin



































































what’s new
subscribe to newsletter
download a catalog
customer portal
place an order
 

sign up for our newsletter.



newsletter signup


name*company*email address*

state*captcha
 





















experience
products

door and drawer fronts

cope and stick
mitered
french mitered
veneered/laminate/slab
applied moulding
glass and wood grill doors
hdf & hdf mullions


drawer boxes
refacing products
mouldings
materials and finishes

wood species
finish options


accessories


testimonials
contact us

  








custom you can count on
custom cabinet doors, drawer fronts, and components







valley custom door® is a true partner



just as there’s no substitute for quality craftsmanship, nothing can replace a trusted business relationship. when you partner with valley custom door® you’ll soon discover a business connection unlike any you have known. we work closely with you so everything is easy: easy selection, easy process, easy communication.
“custom you can count on” describes the quality of every cabinet door, drawer front, and accessory. yet, it also speaks to our integrity, standing behind every product so you can continue to build trust with your customers. our service extends to your personal mvp, your valley custom door® customer service representative, who provides you with an unusual amount of technical expertise, product details, and unique insight.
if you’re a homeowner, we encourage you to contact your local contractor, builder, or home improvement center and request valley custom door® products.















craftsmanship that impresses







you’ve worked hard to build your business’s reputation. we won’t let you down. our superior craftsmanship — from custom doors to drawer fronts to accessories — complements a commitment to innovation, efficiency, and flexibility. simply put, our artisans make it easy for you to look good.
how we’re different
discover the valley custom door® experience










hundreds of choices







“custom” really means custom at valley custom door®. we create to match your needs and offer a vast collection of door styles, wood species and finishes to choose from. we’re inspired by your cabinetry and refacing needs, small to large volume projects, from custom one-offs to large-scale production runs.
see the variety
door and drawer fronts
drawer boxesmouldings
materials and finishes
refacing products
accessories










wow your customers







when you partner with valley custom door®, the focus is always clear: exceeding your customers’ expectations. you have direct access to a single, dedicated customer service representative who gets to know you and your customers, shares technical cabinet door knowledge, and provides exceptional service.
all requests for price quotes are returned within 24 hours (monday-friday). and, if you ever can’t find the product you need on our website, just contact your representative.
“valley continues to provide a quality product and superior customer service, which is vital to our business.”
jeff canter, euro craft cabinets, florida
read more real reviews
testimonials

















845 prosper street de pere, wi 54115
toll free: 888.815.9648
fax: 920.336.5956






©2025 valley custom door®





























