



us catholic scouting history web site - the history of catholic scouting in the united states: 1910 - 2008














































 the history site for catholic scoutingin the united states







commentary on the nccs' "75th anniversary"







   welcome! this site is the result of both past and ongoing research in the history of boy scouting in the united states catholic church. the objective of 
                                             the research has been to publish a book on this subject. 
   in advance of the publication of the book, it was decided to provide some 
                                             of the results of the research via the internet. please note that all materials published on this site are copyrighted and all rights have been reserved by 
                                             the author and owner of this web site. for more information regarding the use of the material contained in this site, please visit the copyright & fair use 
                                             page. 
   at the top of this page, you will find several buttons that will take you to 
                                             various parts of the site. below is a brief description of each:

catholic scouting & youth - the heart of the site, this section includes: brief overviews on the history 
                                                  of catholic scouting in the us, the catholic religious emblems program, the catholic youth movement in the us, a listing of key nccs personnel and conferences, and various statistics 
                                                  regarding catholic scouting. 
catholic scouting bibliography - a short bibliography of publications 
                                                  relating to scouting and catholic scouting is provided to interested visitors. 
historical pictures and patches - pictures that have been discovered 
                                                  through the research phase, as well as patches from the author's personal collection, have been offered for display. if you have any pictures relating to catholic scouting, please contact me. 
international catholic scouting - a brief overview of catholic scouting in the world, documents 
                                                  relating to the spiritual dimension of scouting, and english texts of addresses from various pontiffs on the scouting movement. 
miscellanea - a section of the web site for other material: contact 
                                                  information, links of interest, a brief biography of the author, a progress report on the book, updates of the site, acknowledgments, and the copyright information page.

   if you have any questions or comments regarding the information contained in this site, please contact me. please enjoy! 










 
                                             





all contents of this web site are copyright ©1999-2011 david l. peavy.all rights reserved.
                                                  this web site is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed bythe national catholic committee on scouting, the catholic church,or the boy scouts of america.





[home] [scouting & youth] [bibliography] [pictures & patches] [inter cath scouting] [miscellanea]





this page was last modified on tuesday, may 10, 2011.










