






polly's quilts



polly's quilts

authentic native american made star quilts


"poinsettia" - 
full size holiday star quilt
 

 questions? see
our   faqs (frequently asked questions) page.

welcome! | star quilt gallery |
quilts
by gina! | faqs | a "star" is born | star quilt tradition

welcome!
welcome to polly's quilts. polly
invites you to browse her site and see the beautiful star quilts contained within. each
quilt is colorfully unique and of outstanding quality, materials, and workmanship - all
sewn with native american pride by members of the hidatsa, arikara, and mandan people of
the northern plains.


polly's quilts is
located in new town, north dakota - a small town located on the shores of lake sakakawea
on the ft. berthold indian reservation. polly is of hidatsa and arikara descent and she is
a member of the three affiliated tribes (the mandan, hidatsa, and arikara peoples). when
polly is not busy quilting and needs to give her hands a rest, she enjoys socializing with
family and friends, fishing with her husband, or watching old "dallas" re-runs;
her favorite character is "bobby".
 



polly finished her first star
quilt in 1971; her mother, a beautiful strong-willed hidatsa woman, taught polly how to
quilt. no quilt was complete until her mother had inspected it. it was not unusual in the
beginning for her mother to say "no good. do it again."; polly would then take
the quilt apart and start over. to this day when it comes to quilts, polly is a
perfectionist. if she detects a seam that is not quite right, then out comes the
seam-ripper and the offending seam.
polly has for years provided star quilts to her people; to be used for
donations, gifts, and to keep warm on cold north dakota nights. polly thought that it
would be nice to use the resources of the internet to give the world's peoples a chance to
become acquainted with the beauty of star quilts and to possibly call one their own.
polly thanks you for visiting. if you have any questions, you can contact polly's quilts at 
polly@starquilts.com
thanks again, and may the creator be with you!



polly's quilts is a proud member of the american
quilter's society
check out the following interesting
quilting links!

 for a great guide to quilting 
traditions of diverse ethnic groups see 
www.quiltethnic.com 

at susan druding's quilting guide at the mining co. 
there is an excellent article on star
quilts.

there have been 
 visits to this site since march 24, 1998.


