











 


home - national adoption day
























 


















about
register an event
resources






 















saturday, november 22, 2025

 

 



national adoption day is a collective, grassroots effort to raise awareness of the more than 108,000 children waiting to be adopted from foster care in the united states. a coalition of national partners — the dave thomas foundation for adoption, congressional coalition on adoption institute, alliance for children’s rights and children’s action network — launched national adoption day in 1999.
during this annual event, courts and organizations in more than 400 communities across the country have opened their doors on or around the saturday before thanksgiving to finalize and celebrate adoptions from foster care.
national adoption day has recognized more than 85,000 children moving from foster care to a permanent family.

 

 



planning a celebration in your area? register your event so we can recognize your organization’s commitment and our life-changing impact together.


 



thank you to all the communities that hosted events in recognition of national adoption day in 2024.

 

 





				events
			


					search by:
				

    
 
 

 

			no events found
		


 
 


 

 







access social media images and other resources to help plan and promote your event. don’t forget to use the hashtag #nationaladoptionday to help raise awareness and encourage others to participate in this special day.




 

 







special interview with andrew bridge
















as ceo of the alliance for children’s rights, andrew bridge played a key role in helping to create national adoption day in 1999. in recognition of the 25th anniversary in 2024, we interviewed andrew to hear more about the evolution and impact of this special event and why legal permanency is so important for every child. read more.




 

 






























 






access adoption journey resources at davethomasfoundation.org



 







	contact us
 events cynthia billey
213-368-6010 x107
c.billey@kids-alliance.org

 media 1-800-ask-dtfa
news@davethomasfoundation.org

 















