









ravenloft: fraternity of shadows: home of ravenloft on the net

















 
 


 

	 "strahd von zarovich never sparkles." - tracy hickman










follow @fratofshadows


join the fos discord









 
 forum -
 wiki -
 faq -
 netbooks -
 reviews -
 art -
 maps -
 journals -
 editorials -
 dm resources -
 miscellany -
 links -
 research -
 catalogue -
 archive -
 contact 
 










 






 




greetings from the fraternity!
welcome to la maison soulombre, ravenloft's home on the net! here you will find a thriving community  drawn together by our love  of ravenloft. fans  can check out our netbooks in the library, or meet up with the community at our forum.
 


le cafe de nuit: visit our message board and join the ravenloft community.
 
the study: new to ravenloft? the study  answers  all of your questions.
 
the library: get the latest issues of our fine fan netbooks!


mistipedia: our ravenloft wiki, a communal collection of all info on the setting.
portrait hall: after hours, rod serling gives tours of our collection of art. 
the veranda: read the campaign journals of our  role-playing community.


the parlor: read the  notes from the  developers as well as articles and essays.
the vault: here is where we keep secret information for dungeon masters.
drawing room: peruse our reviews of books,  movies,  role-playing  and more.


balcony: looking for inspiration? why not peruse our  research links?
the boat house: check out our collection of links to all manner of sites.
mausoleum: look through our odds and ends and find something interesting.


the cellar: secret home of the ravenloft catalogue, a comprehensive index of all things ravenloft, rescued from the ruins of the kargatane's bookshop.  
the cemetery: archives of our favorite discontinued ravenloft websites.
the map alcove: all the maps from our portrait
hall collected in one place.
green house: slip a message under the door  to one of the fraternity.




 



oct 31st

they tell you not to be afraid of the darkness...  but they don't know what's lurking in there...  it's quoth the raven! quoth the raven: issue 30, darkness, available now in the library.  also, we've 
updated last year's issue with some new art! please enjoy, and update your archives.  then turn out the lights, grab your bowl of halloween candy, and discuss all the new goodies here in the review thread on our forum!



oct 31st nov 8

the halloween season isn't over until quoth the raven is here.  and here it is: quoth the raven: issue 29, secrets, available now in the library.  shh, it's a secret, tell everyone you know!  and then talk about it (secretly, of course) here in the review thread on our forum!.  the secret is out!



apr 4th

the dark rites have been performed, the sacrifices have been collected... the new members of the fraternity have been inducted!  please welcome mark "rock" bartels, benjamin "wolfglide" bauml, and michail "mephisto" adamis, the latest unfortunate souls to accept our dark bargain.  we look forward to their contributions to many upcoming projects.  we also announce, with honor and due respect for their past contributions, the retirement of scs, rotipher, nathan okerlund, and deepshadow from active service to the fraternity.  no doubt we will see some of them poke their heads out of the retirement crypt as emiritus members from time to time.  a heartfelt thank you to our retirees and to our new members for answering the call to keep ravenloft alive!  the 
green house has been updated accordingly.



oct 31st

what could be a better halloween treat than our biggest issue of quoth the raven - ever? it's quoth the raven: issue 28, what might have been, available now in the library.  forget about fun size, we've got the full-size candy bars at our house.  over 500 pages of ravenloft goodies from our
amazing contributors; enjoy, and don't get a stomach-ache! ps - don't forget to share your thoughts in the review thread on our forum!



sep 12th

you won't find the core in the newest official ravenloft book, but it's still out there for many of us.   ever wonder how it came to be? we proudly present another treat from 
matt "strahdsbuddy" doyle...  the latest and greatest version of his core genesis project, now in the 
mausoleum, takes an in depth look at the birth and evolution of the world formed by the domains of dread.



sep 7th

hey, magic: the gathering fans!  looking in envy at the recent adventures in the forgotten realms set, and looking forward to the upcoming innistrad double-feature, but 
still wishing it was ravenloft that got adapted to your favorite card game?  well, matt "strahdsbuddy" doyle has the fan-made magic expansion set for you!
ravenloft: prisoners of the mists is now interred in our mausoleum, to scratch that exact itch.  enjoy!



jan 10th

	hey savage worlds fans, stephen "stormwell" hughes has shared with us his 
		adaptation of the classic ravenloft adventure, howls in the night for use with the ravenloft reincarnated savage worlds rules.  come see in our library!



 

last updated: oct 31






