

home | grant career center - future student





















































































skip to contentgrant career center - future student - excellence through a student-centered focusprogramssitestranslatesearch sitecollapse menuapply now!incoming studentsprogram guidesenior only optionsvision & missionskip gallery your browser does not support videos. open housefeb. 20th 5-8pmend of galleryask questionsccp informationdirect open enrollmentfind your pathwayyour future your way6th grade eventsvaluesstudent firstour plans, choices and actions are driven by what's best for our students.future-focusedwe look forward, focusing on what is essential for success in the future.trust & opennesswe are worthy of others' trust, and ensure an environment where others are actively engaged and informed.communitywe play an essential role in our community and commit to engage with others to create shared success.greatnesswe are not satisfied with just being good, but instead, constantly pursue greatness in all that we do. student spotlight"grant prepares students for the real world, and at the end of the day, they are truly trying to get you to where you want to go. ""i appreciate the sense of freedom here and the mutual respect that teachers have for their students.""the hands-on approach of the allied health program is especially valuable, as it equips me with essential skills for my future career."here at grant we are not just learning from books, we learn valuable life skills and are making memories that will last a lifetime.grant has help me realize that there are so many great careers to choose from and it is a place to give you a chance to make your dreams come true.grant offers so many great opportunities, and attending was the best decision i've made.grant career center has transformed the way i view education and has made it something truly amazing. attending grant was the best decision i've ever made!kaylyn dinclercriminal justice, class of 2025 shane hullconstruction technology, class of 2025blake aylward,allied health, class of 2025makenzie gillenprogram: criminal justice,  class of 2025 jordan wolfeveterinary science program, class of 2025clayton hencyconstruction technology, class of 2026coen lillyconstruction technology student, class of 2026 alumni spotlight"i can’t say enough great things about grant. i never enjoyed school, but i looked forward to being there every day. i made lifelong friends, got on track toward my goals, and achieved many of them. the staff is the most amazing group of people!"connor murray, class of 2024"i recommend grant career center to any young high schooler looking to start their career in a field they are interested in. i accomplished a lot by attending this school, and i am now thriving as a licensed cosmetologist!"greta petry, class of 2024going to gcc’s allied health program was the best decision i ever made. i looked forward to each day at grant and the teachers are passionate about what they do! it is because of grant that i am in a field i am flourishing in, and can remain calm & confident while helping people on their worst days.makena jones, class of 2019, allied health"i’m so thankful for my time at grant where the autonomy was given right away and never taken for granted."cortney gaffney, class of 2008, allied health"grant molds you into a better version of yourself that you never thought possible."louisa mitchell, class of 2023 , cosmetology "grant is a great career center that launched me on my path to a successful career!"kohle herron, class of 2018, welding program"i started my nursing career soon after highschool graduation!  i started nursing school at christ and also began working there as a patient care assistant. i was a critical care nurse for 11 years and i am now a charge nurse in anderson mercy's cath lab. my whole journey began at grant!"jesi herren, class of 2008"grant opened many doors for me in the veterinary field and is the reason i’m where i am today. i learned valuable skills that i use on an everyday basis. the teachers and staff were incredible. what grant means to me is a world of opportunity, you just have to be willing to open the door."jordan schell, class of 2020, vet science"grant career center helped me believe in myself and see the best in me. all the teachers were so supportive and helped me along the way to get where i am today! i couldn’t have done it without them. choosing to attend grant was a decision i’ll forever be grateful for!"chyanne wilson, class of 2020, early childhood education"i couldn't be more thankful for the time that i spent at gcc. my training at grant allowed me to save money and time compared to a post-graduate cosmetology program. i received wonderful hands on experiences. i have been in the business for over a decade. grant allowed me to be a step ahead!"taylor malott, class of 2010, cosmetology"attending grant career center was the first step in achieving my dream of becoming an rn.  i wouldn’t be the nurse i am today without the foundation i built at gcc.  for me, choosing gcc meant paving the way for my brightest future!"allie graybill, class of 2016, allied health“taking auto collision at grant helped me out a lot in learning the proper steps to take in doing auto body and paint. after graduating, i worked in a body shop for over eight years and it was the best time of my life.take pride in your work, and treat the car you’re working on like your own."marshall sherman, class of 2012"there is nothing better than being put into a shop (co-op) to solve real-world problems."michael snider, class of 2018, automotive technology“it was definitely surprising at first, kind of awkward since i came from homeschooling with five siblings. to describe it in two words, it was life changing. it allowed me to grow as a person and compete, to see what i could do when i had the right people behind me! it was all pretty inspiring."blessing sturm, class of 2018, culinary arts"as a former student, what i loved and continue to love about grant, are the tools/skills and experiences you obtain from the school. not only does the staff help set you up for future success, they also treat you like a friend, or even family." addison lily, class of 2020, information technology"my two years in the criminal justice program at grant helped me prepare for my career in the united states marine corps in a lot of ways. from physical training to being accountable for myself and others. i would recommend going to grant for anyone who wants to progress faster than their peers."zack mark, class of 2017, criminal justicechoosing grant career center culinary arts has been the best decision of my life. it really brought be out of my shell, gave me great friends, and gave me leadership skills. competing in nationals, i earned a scholarship for tuition at sullivan university.ethan phillips, class of 2017, culinary arts"grant career center is a great place to meet new people, make new friends and learn new things you can use in the real world. all the teachers are wonderful and the whole school in all is a great environment to be in." tyree couch, class of 2020, auto collision"grant helped me feel confident in my restraint holds, and that has helped me so much at work."naomi castletine, class of 2018, veterinary science business partner spotlight"grant students enrolled in the onsite milacron advanced manufacturing academy receive hands-on plastics processing experience with the intention of full-time employment with our local sites upon graduation."lindsay niedzwiedski, hom  lean enterprise leader" grant students are great to work with. polite, professional, and focused."justin harmon, lykins energy solutions"thanks so much! all three ladies have been a pleasure to work with and are honestly some of the best work study students we have had recently! i look forward to watching them continue to improve over the year."sarah messner, practice manager lifetime pet center- new richmond"we love training grant students. they always are a notch above our typical trainee."cort wayman, jatc coordinator sheetmetal workers local 24" i know that the quality program curriculum has been taught in the classroom and lab, and the students have grown in knowledge and skill.  over the years valley interior systems has hired many of these students. i have every confidence in the ability of grant career center ."justin taulbee, valley interior systems"we value the opportunity to partner with staff and students of the programs of grant and congratulate them on continued improvement that serves our community. i know that the quality program/curriculum has been taught in the classroom and lab, and the students have grown in knowledge and skill."  craig lauman, messer construction craftforce coordinator "the christ college has loved connecting with grant’s allied health program now for many years.  the instructors do a fantastic job and are incredibly engaged in helping their students prepare for next steps in the healthcare field after high school graduation."kendal schwab director; admissions & recruitmentfind usgrant career center718 w plane stbethel, ohio 45106phone: 513-734-6222fax:513-734-4758resourcesthe career path less takenfinding your pathway: career explorationcareer interest surveysuccess in the new economytell us your grant story!your grant storystay connectedcopyright © 2025 grant career center. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more






