








limited time offer on microneedling treatments - uptownderm
















































 skip to main contentuptowndermfarhad niroomand m.d.about

our team


services

cosmetic dermatology
medical dermatology


products

shop online


patient resources

faqs
patient library
make a payment
gift certificates
patient satisfaction survey


contact
coronavirus information
teledermatology
request appointment
main contentprofessional skin care
announcement
“we are extending our best wishes for the holiday season to you and your loved one. we hope 2025 brings good health and happiness to all. 
 
as 2024 comes to an end, we would like to inform you with several updates from uptown dermatology. we still have some appointments available for the month of december. this is a good time to make your appointments especially those with hsa/hra funds in your flexible spending account.  
 
we have expanded our participation in several new insurance networks including cigna healthcare network, healthsmart network, three rivers provider network, tricare, multiplan, molina-exchange network, and several scott and white health plans. please call our office to verify if we are in network with your insurance company.
 
our holiday schedule is as follows: 
january 31st hours: 8:30am - 12 pm


medical dermatology
dr. farhad niroomand and his medical staff bring you quality skin care with exceptional customer service. we believe in developing relationships with our patients. it is our goal to provide you with the care and services that you can trust and depend upon as your needs evolve. dr. niroomand believes dermatologists are best suited to take care of your skin issues.

learn more


aesthetic & cosmetic services
enhance your appearance to reveal a younger, healthier look with cosmetic procedures that will help you achieve your goals. whether you are considering microdermabrasion, laser hair reduction, laser skin rejuvenation and resurfacing, botox® and dysport®, or other treatment options, dr. niroomand and our skin specialists are here to guide you.

learn more

 we offer a complete range of dermatology and cosmetic services that help reveal your beautiful skin.


 

request appointment
dr. niroomand and his professional staff will work with you individually to achieve the results you expect.request a consultation.



 

patient faqs
get answers to all your questions about who we are, what we treat, our aesthetic procedures, and billing & insurance.find out more.



 

make a payment
our online payment portal is a safe, convenient, environmentally friendly, and an inexpensive way for you to make payments.



214-303-1102 • 4144 n. central expressway, suite 855, dallas, tx 75204 • facebook • instagramthe information on this website is for educational purposes only. it is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. farhad nirromand, m.d., p. a. and uptown dermatology © 2025 uptownderm






















