progressive theology - exegete the world!







... a christian
alternative to the religious right
edited by tod o. l. mundo

pensées


our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.

martin luther king, jr.







what's the point of having a blog if you don't promote your own book?



introducing christianity (routledge world religions series)
or buy christianity: the
ebook (same text, more illustrations).

is america over? it's a kind of paranoia, but it's the paranoia of the 
superrich and the superpowerful. if you don't have everything, it's a disaster.

noam chomsky


principles:

1. global justice over nationalism

2. respect for people of other faiths and backgrounds

3. support for the u.n. universal declaration of human rights
4. religious liberty

5. recognition of structural sin

6. preferential option for the poor

7. rejection of capital punishment

8. compatibility of theology and science more















current and recent essays and other features

14 march 2013, habemus papam: thoughts on the new pope
2 march 2013, who mourns for the "others"? - update for 2013
19 november 2011, breaking news: james o'keefe a secret mole of the left!
19 may 2011, court watch: supreme court guts fourth amendment
17 november 2010, flying the really friendly skies, and other thoughts on keeping america safe: an interview with tsa director john pistole
28 march 2010, which jesus do you want? a sermon for holy week
19 january 2010, guns for jesus
15 august 2009, water in the desert - *** 3 september 2010 update ***
28 april 2009, supreme court term limits: a proposal
28 april 2009, sixty in the senate
24 april 2009, torture is a crime that must be prosecuted
16 april 2009, pt interview with george will
4 january 2009, murder, plain and simple
5 november 2008, what does barack obama's victory mean?
20 march 2008, militias or private arsenals--what does the second amendment mean?
19 march 2008, god damn america? reflections on jeremiah wright's critique of america, and the response of politicians and the media
previous essays
poetry
the tiger, alas
butterfly epiphany
poetics of peace (lon a. rycraft)

violence
church member
live through me, love through me
a neanderthal grossly misinterprets the meaning of mars' proximity to earth over 50,000 years ago
war economy
i've seen the grand canyon
god's haiku on iraq





the saturday night
theologian

exegesis of word and world, based on readings from the
revised common lectionary

the saturday night theologian is on hiatus until october.







progressive theology is a blog that offers comments and musings
on theology, politics, and more.  it includes serious articles, satire, humor, poetry, interviews with famous people
(living or dead), etc.

notification of new articles: subscribe to the rss feed to receive notification on new articles and
other new material on pt.

new!!! submissions: people
may submit material to be considered for publication in progressive
theology. for submissions to be considered, they must meet the
following three criteria.  (1) the content must be consistent with the
overall thrust of progressive theology. in particular, submissions
should take into account the principles laid out on the home page.  (2)
the literary style should be of a high quality, comparable to that of
higher-quality newspapers or scholarly journals.  (3) all submissions
should be in text-only format.  material that should be displayed in
italics should be entered <i>like this</i>, and material that
should be displayed in boldface should be entered <b>like
this</b>.  for those who know html, use character entities, but no
tags other than those just mentioned.  send all questions or submissions
to tmundo@progressivetheology.org.

links:


u.n. universal declaration 
of human rights
network of spiritual progressives
the
revised common lectionary
quotes from previous issues of progressive 
theology
faithful & foolish reflections
served weekly (larry patten)



© copyright , progressive theology
contact us

tod o. l. mundo is the nom de plume of james r. adair, director
of the religion and technology
center.



