





careers | atr




















skip to content










site


about us


candidates


employers


contact us


search jobs





visit our linkedin page





visit our instagram page













this site uses cookies to improve the user experience! would you like to allow cookies?



                        accept                    

                        cookie settings                    










                        cookie settings                    





                            necessary cookies                        

                            these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.                        




                            performance & analytics cookies                        

                            these cookies help us understand and improve the use and performance of our services including what links visitors clicked on the most, and how they interact with the various areas and features on our website and apps.                        




                        accept all cookies                    

                        save changes                    










arena technical resources
stress no more, we are here to help you.
                
i’m looking for a job
                
i need to fill positions
                






we apply our homemade method to connect people with companies. it’s been tested, demonstrated, and proven successful. time and time again.








we are arena technical resources
arena technical resources (atr) is an information technology consulting, staffing, and placement organization. in other words, we specialize in people and creating successful work connections.
our strength lies in our folks and their commitment to finding the best for you, whether “the best” means more than a standard 9-5 or the perfect candidate for your team.
read our story








our delivery models


talent acquisition services

direct or permanent hire
temp to perm or contract to hire
defined period of performance
long term contract staffing
payroll services
vendor management services (vms)
recruitment process outsourcing (rpo)



solutions services

time and materials (t&m)
firm fixed price (ffp)
prime & sub contracting












looking for a job?
tell us who you are, what you aspire to become, and what makes you tick. we’ll take care of everything else.
your journey with us




looking for talent?
when you run a business, smart recruiting is the key to success. let us take care of it for you.
employee staffing services













atr’s secret weapons
ralph, nancy, charles, michael, brett, matt, aileen,  telka, brian, conner, meredith, devon, kelly, matt, mike, taylor, michael, austin, ian, jack, max, and bart, our it guy.
meet our team








agencies we support
over the past 20+ years atr has had the privilege of supporting a vast number of federal, state, and local government agencies. here are some of the agencies we support.








federal agencies
            








state and local government agencies
            








associations and organizations
            








education & universities
            















veterans commitment
it has always been part of our mission to participate in the professional transition and development of men and women who have served in the military.we’re here to help you start the next chapter in your life.





















arena technical resources, llc © 2025 all rights reserved 

                                104 south washington street
                                rockville, md 20850
301-654-0003 - office
                                301-654-0066 - fax
                            
employee corner









visit our linkedin page





visit our instagram page













 arena technical resources, llc, (atr) is an equal opportunity employer (eoe) who will provide equal employment opportunity to employees and applicants for employment without regard to  race, ethnicity, religion, color, sex, pregnancy, national origin, age, veteran status, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, family structure, genetic information, or mental or physical disability. 
















