


















 



senior home care services - in home senior care | senior helpers
















 
skip main navigation







open a franchise







type size
a
a+




search




submit site search






(800) 760-6389


contact us


apply now






























why senior helpers?



why senior helpers?
mission & valuesthe leader in chronic carenon-profit partnersawards & recognitions 

experience the senior helpers difference
by choosing senior helpers for a loved one, you’re not just getting exceptional care for any of their needs, but you’re gaining a genuine, in-home connection designed to give them the absolute best quality of life.




life profile



life profile
spotlight stories 

better assessment. better care plan. better outcome.
senior helpers life profile ensures that as we work with our clients, families and their full health care team, we are keeping them informed and engaged in their own health care journey while addressing their most pressing needs to help them remain safe and independent in the comfort of their homes.




services



services
alzheimer's & dementia careparkinson's carecompanion carepersonal carereturn home transitional care 

chronic disease careva benefit assistancerespite caresurgery assistanceend-of-life support care 

specialized care from the comfort of home
no matter the type of care your loved one requires, senior helpers provides the perfect services for any of their needs, all done from home. we’re giving better peace of mind for them. and you.




resources



resources
is home care right for me?benefits of home careoptions to payresource linkssenior care, only better blognews and mediamilitary veteran resourcespodcastmasonic homes 

you don’t have to stress the process
when it comes to finding in-home and respite care, we know that it can be stressful and confusing. we’re here to help. let senior helpers guide you in the search for the best type of care for your loved one.




careers



careers
apply now 

begin a career that makes a real difference
it’s easy to go to work when you’re making someone’s day. every day. working as a caregiver at senior helpers provides the unique opportunity for a truly rewarding career in a field you can be proud about.




locations
 



 
search



 search








past main navigation


contact us
    






they don't need to leave home to live better

schedule a life profile assessment
find a job











find in-home care
search by city, state or zipcode to find in-home care for you or a family member.







find in home care search





















i can leave home, without worry, knowing that senior helpers can handle any emergency- and they know dementia. our caregiver entertains al, takes him for walks, hair cuts, etc. she gives me ideas about his care and helps around the house. when i say "rebekah is coming", he smiles.
a.h.









donna has been incredible. she intuitively understands what our family needs in terms of help. she is kind, listens, and is there to make things easier for us during a transitional period in our lives - something that inherently carries a lot of stress. i am grateful for her help.
j.k.









we are so impressed by the reliability & can-do attitude of this company. the sense of competency & reliability starts at the top and extends through the caring individuals in the home. every concern is immediately and satisfactorily addressed. we are so very grateful!
m.d

 

1/3










senior helpers® is the nation's premier provider of in-home senior care, with locations all across the country. our services range from specialized care for those with chronic diseases to companion services for seniors looking for assistance with daily activities.


top services
we offer a wide array of care options to help seniors age in the comfort of their own homes. choose a location to see the services offered near you.
services overview 

alzheimer's & dementia careparkinson's carecompanion carepersonal carereturn home transitional carechronic disease careva benefit assistancerespite caresurgery assistanceend-of-life support care 

















what is in-home care?







personal hygiene assistance
there for them. our caregivers will help your loved ones with those personal hygiene necessities that have become too difficult to perform alone.







appointment transportation
ready to roll. your loved one will never have to miss an appointment with our caregivers providing transportation.







light housekeeping
keeping it clean. with a caregiver looking out for general housekeeping duties like laundry, dishes, and caring for pets, your loved one will always have a little help around the house.







hobbies
we keep it fun. we’re game for your loved one’s favorite hobbies, whether they’re an ace card player or enjoy a little bit of gardening, we’re happy to join in.

 

1/4




            is home care right for you?        

benefits of home care


take the interactive quiz















my mom is very pleased with the service she receives. i am pleased as her daughter and caregiver because she is pleased. i can see she is being well cared for and my experience communicating with her caregiver is that she is pleasant, caring, respectful and does a great job. i am also very impressed with the knowledge and recommendations from the visiting nurse to help us better care for mom at home. anditria d. | towson, md












helping seniors age successfully safe at home
healthcare professionals nationwide are working with senior helpers locations to help their senior patients enjoy more healthy days, maintaining their safety and independence in the comfort of their own homes.
learn how our life profile technology is changing lives. 













meet teepa snow



meet teepa snow
senior helpers is pleased to be the first in-home care provider to develop and implement a comprehensive training program to instruct our caregivers on how best to help clients and families living with alzheimer’s and dementia.
we are proud to have been the first in the industry to partner with renowned occupational therapist and alzheimer’s expert teepa snow and her positive approach™ to care on the development of our senior gems™ program.
learn more about senior gems








we treat your loved one like the only one































 







×













sign up for our enewsletter









email address

email address is required


zip code

zip code is required


submit





connect with us


facebook


twitter


linkedin


youtube


instagram


tiktok










call our office
(800) 760-6389




find a location














open a franchise








copyright 2025 © sh franchising, llc.



our offices
senior helpers.au
senior helpers.ca
site map
privacy policy












 
