










home - nassau county chamber of commerce

























































  


















skip to content










join today













facebook icon





twitter icon










youtube icon





linkedin icon








































menu 
about us our story chamber faq chamber staff board of directors chamber ambassadors leadership nassau signature events 2024 annual report privacy policy contact usmembers member login/info hub chamber events calendar membership benefits chamber champions marketing/advertising opportunities discover nassau life & leisure guide discovery map of amelia island business resource innovation center (bric) member application business directory member to member discountsevents & news chamber events calendar community events calendar chamber blog newsletter sign-upbusiness directories business directory geographical directories amelia island/fernandina beach business directory yulee business directory callahan business directory hilliard business directory bryceville business directory visitor/tourism directory restaurants/food/beverages directory building/contractor/real estate directory healthcare business directory chamber champions special services directoriesresources business resources employment resource hub economic profile business development assistance start up directory: nassau county start up directory: city of fernandina beach home based business/remote worker resources nassau county sales tax community resources discover nassau life & leisure guide interactive resident/visitor map communities amelia island fernandina beach yulee callahan, hilliard & bryceville resident/new mover resources nassau county relocation packet licenses & permits sizeupnassau sizeupnassau faq member login/info hub job opportunities in nassau county employment resource hub hurricane and disaster preparednessadvocacy & strategic initiatives sizeupnassau sizeupnassau faq advocacy in action government officials six pillars framework nassau county economic indicators


























 






















nassau county chamber of commerce











advocacy, collaboration, growth






















nassau county job postings











business directory











member login/info hub











chamber events calendar




























































































785
chamber members



 











42
chamber ambassadors



 











20
board members



 











92
events in 2023



 



























advocacy in action






whether reviewing local ordinances and development codes, weighing in on legislative proposals, or working with our congressional delegation to drive funding, the chamber has an active and effective advocacy program.







learn more










leadership nassau






leadership nassau assists in the development of community leaders by providing participants from diverse backgrounds with an understanding of the problems, opportunities and issues facing nassau county. click below to learn more.







learn more










membership benefits






becoming a member of the nassau county chamber isn't just about a decal on the door or a ribbon cutting; membership in the chamber shows your support for and investment in a vibrant nassau county business community.







learn more














 
member testimonial"the nassau county chamber of commerce has played a huge role in the growth of my business. the chamber staff members are all great to work with and have connected me with other business owners in the community who i've formed lasting partnerships with. they also keep us informed on economic development, growth within the county, and many other invaluable resources...thank you to the chamber for always being there for me and the whole team at remi realty!"
dunia taylor, remi realty
 


 
member testimonial"the second you walk into the chamber, you are greeted with smiling faces and instantly feel that you are a member of something more important than yourself. as if that wasn't enough, the chamber staff consistently goes above and beyond to make sure they are doing everything they can to support our local businesses. if you own a small business in nassau county and you aren't a member of our local chamber of commerce, you are doing a disservice to yourself and your business."
stephanie triola, new york life
 


 
member testimonial"there are so many words we want to use to express how important the nassau county chamber of commerce is to coast one tours, a small minority-owned business; awesome, amazing, superb, marvelous, phenomenal, and wow are the first ones that come to mind, but the list goes on. the chamber team is truly a cut above. you are doing your business an injustice if you're not a member - take advantage of the chamber's programs and resources and your business will succeed!"
ron and avis miller, coast one tours
 


 
member testimonial"the 'ladies of the chamber' (as i call them) have been my therapists, cheerleaders, and shoulders to cry on more times than i can acknowledge. the networking i have done, the partnerships i have been able to establish, and the opportunities i have had to grow my business have all been a direct result of this amazing organization...i would 100% recommend joining to any business, small or large."
jen mayo, hot dog house fl
 
































six pillars framework






the six pillars framework is a cornerstone of our commitment to nassau county's growth and prosperity. as the voice of businesses in nassau county, the chamber of commerce prides itself on not just representing, but also shaping the future of our community. the six pillars framework underpins our strategy, guiding our initiatives and defining our approach to ensuring a flourishing economic landscape. these pillars are the embodiment of our aspirations for nassau county - a reflection of what we believe are the essential components to build a resilient, prosperous, and inclusive community.







learn more


















get our latest news















florida announces the highest tourism numbers in state history in 2024



					february 13, 2025				


tallahassee, fla.-governor ron desantis announced that florida continues to be the top destination for travelers from all over the world as it welcomed a record-breaking 142.9 million visitors in 2024. this marks a 1.6% increase over 2023, the…
read more







non-profit funding requests for fiscal year 2025/2026



					february 13, 2025				


the nassau county board of county commissioners has begun the budgeting process for fiscal year 2025/2026. nassau county greatly values the benefits and contributions made by non-profit organizations to the community. as such, we would like to extend…
read more







nassau prosperity alliance quarterly report



					february 13, 2025				


the nassau prosperity alliance (npa) has released the first quarter report for fy 24/25. this document includes updates on a variety of initiatives including the transit study update, timber to tides design overlay, vision 2050, economic development highlights, partner…
read more













view all blogs

































new members & upcoming events











new chamber members















member benefits










upcoming chamber events















view all events










upcoming community events















view all events
















































thank you to our sponsors

















                                amelia hotel at the beach                            














                                courtyard by marriott                            














                                first federal bank                            














                                hca florida healthcare                            














                                ocean coast hotel at the beach                            














                                rayonier                            














                                remi construction                            














                                remi realty                            














                                seaside amelia inn                            














                                springhill suites by marriott                            














                                surf & sand hotel                            














                                uf health                            














                                fpu                            














                                jea                            














                                pepper's                            














                                primesouth bank                            














                                vystar credit union                            














                                community hospice & palliative care                            














                                orange park mall                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 nassau county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone
























location




961687 gateway blvd., suite 101-g fernandina beach, fl 32034 










phone




(904) 261-3248 










email




info@nassaucountyflchamber.com 













facebook





twitter










youtube





linkedin








#wearethechamber
interested in membership?
apply online and let us help you grow your business!







apply today













 © 2025 nassau county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top





















