


guitar college












































































teaching serious guitarists the correct way to play since 1994free lessonsstringsguitars for saleeventscontacteverything you need to be a great guitar player!watch rich's weekly live stream on youtube every thursday at 11:00 am pdtcheck out our brand new offerings!guitar college live classesclick here to see the schedule and sign uphuge announcement!call rich now to order yours! (805)460-6370our essential learning materialsjazzguitar acceleratorrich's one-on-one coaching program that transforms aspiring jazz guitarists into confident soloists and rhythm playersguitarcollegelibrary600+ instructional videos on jazz, blues, fingerstyle, & 200+ songs to download or access with a streaming subscription.jazzguitarimprovthe most thorough online video course designed to get you mastering great standards and creating great improvised solos fingerstyleplaying &arranginglearn the art of jazz fingerstyle guitar and start creating your own beautifully harmonized arrangements of your favorite songs  jazz starterscollectionstart learning the right variations in chords, progressions, arpeggios, licks, and songs to make jazz more approachable  and enjoyablebebop bluescollectiona complete set of tools for comping and soloing bebop blues progressions from sonny stitt, joe pass, charlie parker & wes montgomeryevents & workshopsyosemite jazz guitar & bass workshopjune 22 - june 27, 2025live the jazz guitar dream! 5 days in the sierra nevada mountains with no distractions, just jazz guitar and bass! our affordable, all-inclusive pricing includes all meals, classes, workshops & lodging for one low price.check it out!central coast jazz guitar festfeb 28th - march 2nd, 2025a weekend of listening and learning in the beautiful wine country town of buellton, ca - featuring classes, artists, concerts, exhibitors, jam sessions, & more! it's a true jazz guitar player's dream weekend!don't miss it! our only goal is to make you a better guitar player!gearguitars for salerich has sold hundreds of guitars to his students! he buys quality jazz guitars and sets them up to his rigorous standards so his students can experience the joy of a guitar that plays with ease! he often has gibson, heritage, eastman, ibanez, guild, and more in stock and ready to sell.check out the guitarsrich's custom stringsrich's students love his custom set of d’addario chrome bright flat wound strings that you can't find anywhere else but here! they feature thick deep tones and fat high notes for an all-around even volume! trust us... you'll love the warm jazz tones they produce! try them now and see the difference!shop stringshenriksen ampsrich loves partners with henriksen amplifiers to get his students the best deal possible from one of the premier amp designers on the market. click the link below and use the coupon code guitarcollege to receive 5% off all of the great amps and products offered at henriksenamplifiers.comshop henriksensocial mediarich's youtubesubscribe to rich's channelrich's facebookfollow rich on facebookrich's instagramfollow rich on instagramrich's spotifylisten to rich on spotifywatch rich's weekly live stream on youtube every thursday at 11:00 am pdtrich's biooriginally from the l.a. area, rich severson has been playing professionally and teaching guitar for over 50 years. his education includes years of college and private instruction with a variety of teachers including ted greene, joe pass, charlie shoemake, and mitch holder, just to name a few. rich understands that education is a continuing process and that there's always more to learn. his playing has been influenced by wes montgomery, joe pass, howard roberts, george benson, tal farlow, and larry carlton. in the 80s rich published three books of his own with dale zdenek/ belwin mills/columbia and also worked as a proofreader for the publisher.  this provided him the opportunity to work with several great artists/authors like tommy tedesco, joe diario, and ted greene proofreading their books and hundreds of other submissions.after teaching at git/musicians institute, in hollywood, ca, for three years he developed and published his own home study guitar school-type curriculum available on his website www.guitarcollegelibrary.com which has helped over 20,000 students worldwide! rich has won honorable mentions and awards in songwriting and served as president of the ventura county producers and songwriters guild. touring for three years with "dick clark's good old rock and roll show," he had the opportunity to perform with bo diddley, chuck berry, little anthony, and many other great, old-time rock and rollers. after moving his family to the yosemite/fresno area he taught guitar and directed the jazz band at fresno pacific university for two years. he served as band director and arranger in churches in the fresno area for over 20 years. he now resides on the central coast of california.being a well-rounded player, rich is comfortable playing a variety of styles including jazz (his favorite), blues, rock, fusion, country, and solo fingerstyle. he performs at local venues as a solo guitarist and with jazz trios, quartets and big bands. he's traveled throughout the u.s. and canada instructing and playing at a variety of worship conferences, workshops, and seminars. rich is still a full-time teacher, working with students in his one-on-one jazz guitar coaching program, jazz guitar accelerator. he also spends a lot of time working on live streams, videos, and lessons for his youtube channel, which has 33,000 subscribers. rich is endorsed by eastman, heritage and hofner guitars, quilter amps, and band in a box software. he also holds an annual 5-day guitar college yosemite jazz workshop in the yosemite foothills for the past 20 years. this year he has just decided to start hosting the central coast jazz guitar fest. along with that, rich is a bonafide expert on archtop guitars and has bought, worked on, and sold hundreds of them to his community of fans and students. he is constantly getting new inventory! if you love guitar, rich is definitely someone you’ll want to follow on facebook and instagram! you can also hear his music on spotify! scroll up to find the links to join rich's community!booking & contact infoemail: rich@guitarcollege.comphone: (805)460-6370follow richterms & conditions  |  privacy policyall rights reserved © copyright 2025 guitar collegedon't wait... start learning with guitar college now!

