


nsr watch























<body>








feel free to visit our
forums and
flame away!!

 






welcome to nsr watch


finally a home for me and others to rant and rave about the two biggest pieces of shit in video game history none other then: ea sports ceo (larry probt), and ea game producer (james 'ky' hawkins).look forward to many interesting articles as we document the past and future of these dickheads as they screw over the public with there so called "flawless sim to date"welcome and enjoy the ride (or roast).





   
   
have a problem with this, me or the website? please bitch about it in our
forums or email me at  themanwithoutaface@gmail.com
friday, april 04, 2008 

stop the horseshit!!! a useless prayer!!


http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/nascar_pc_license_rights/index.htmlas a pioneer of the "anti-ea" movement and one who spoke out against this shit years ago. some are once again claiming we have a chance to take back our community (see below). sure there are a few "teamcgws, hog54, and buschwackers out there that agree 100% with ea's handling of the "exclusive". but despite the prayer thrown on above link i doubt it will do any good. nascar has become an ea clone they do not give a shit about there fans. nascar has become a bunch of commercials with a few laps in between. no parity and bullshit marketing driven events (sound familiar) pretty much guarantees the above "prayer" will do no good.nascar is more like 'american idol' then an american sports.with introducing of..cot, sprint series, chase for cup horse shit. what's next simon cowell judging how well top 5 raced? fuck nascar and ea is what i say...and you should too. they and ea are two peas in a pod. truth hurts.with that said i still support the petition..i'm just a realist and will tell it how it is.it won't do shit to change ea's mind. only the good old strong american dollar ....scratch that(thank you gwb and your fucking economy)....european euro could do that...and ain't none of you poor ass beer drinking red neck good ol boy's are gonna have enough to make nascar assholes in charge bat an eye.untill we get our sim back...i say fuck nascar and boycot...join me!!! don't buy anything nascar sponsors (sure you old farts are glad mark martin no longer drivers for viagra..lol)simple as that.





2:09 pm  | permalink |  



   
have a problem with this, me or the website? please bitch about it in our
forums or email me at  themanwithoutaface@gmail.com
sunday, october 28, 2007 

ea opens new shop to prepare new ways of shoving same old shit down your throats.


http://www.wral.com/business/local_tech_wire/news/story/1966501/morrisville — electronic arts, the world’s largest independent game publisher, has a new sports racing development studio up and running in morrisville, providing a major boost to the triangle’s growing video game industry.triangle....its a triangle alright. ea fucking the consumer with shit products. nascar is fucking the consumer by dealing exclusives with ea. the consumer in turn is just fucked as its what 5 years now since decent pc sim?...its a triangle alright...more marketing driven bullshit.a team of seven game developers, lead by ryan stradling, is at work on nascar 09 for playstation 2. the team will grow to 25 within 12 months and the long-term goal is to staff 50 employees to focus on a number of game titles over the next few years. ea as usual is always looking for a fresh look on projects...lets checkout this guy's resmehttp://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerid,103756/nascar simracing (2005), electronic arts, inc.nascar 2005: chase for the cup (2004), electronic arts, inc.the urbz: sims in the city (2004), electronic arts, inc.nascar thunder 2004 (2003), electronic arts, inc.madden nfl 2003 (2002), electronic arts, inc.nascar thunder 2003 (2002), electronic arts, inc.ncaa football 2002 (2001), electronic arts, inc.madden nfl 2001 (2000), electronic arts, inc.well this douche is obviously just the new "james hawkins" as i doubt his work on nsr, thunder and the sims are going to bring any invitation to this defunct product. seems to me ea is just unloading failed tiburon projects to a new location. more of the same...by moving nascar development to north carolina, which is considered the home of the sport, the team should get better access to the racing teams and drivers. ea holds the exclusive nascar video game licenseno shit?? ea holds the exclusive....not good news for nascar fans as it seems ea is setting up the "ass kissing" network to setup an "extension" with nascar. remember back prior to ass ramming (ea buying the exclusive) when ea was sponsoring the talladega 500 and was sucking nascar's ass left and right. then poof gone like a light the second they get the exclusive...seems this is just the same re branded bullshit. probably some fucking tobacco shack next to some pig farm. i'm sure it will be closed immediately upon sighing of exclusive.“the triangle is a great location for game development due to great schools in the area (duke, unc, nc state, wake forest),” said dave tinson, who heads up ea sports public relations. “there is a thriving high-tech industry and growing game development presence as well. as compared to orlando, rtp has a comparable to favorable cost of living and high quality of life. not everyone we talk to in the southeast wants to make their home in orlando. it is a key to our long-term success and growth to have another location in the broader region. it is a two-hour, direct flight to orlando, and it’s in the same time zone.”in otherwords nothing has changed tiburon is still in charge. more of the same..rebranded..lol“growing a team from employee no. 1 is a very different proposition than acquiring an existing business,” said tinson. “we will grow deliberately and methodically and build on successes. right now, the team is in start-up mode and will deliver its first product within its first year of operation. we are already planning for what is next.”1st product out in a year huh? remember with nsr is was 18months and look what they rehashed. i can't even imagine how shitty this "new" (and i use that term very fucking lightly) game will be. more of the fucking same.....and i'm sure ea is working "deliberately and methodically" unfortunately for the consumer is isn't the software engineers and programmers this line is referring to...its refering to the weasels in marketing and the cash cows in management....seems nascar title will be fucked for years to come...stay tuned.





4:47 am  | permalink |  



   
have a problem with this, me or the website? please bitch about it in our
forums or email me at  themanwithoutaface@gmail.com
tuesday, march 27, 2007 

tony stewart = ea sports bullshit pedler for 2008, tibruon to rehash "new"  version in record time!!


http://www.411mania.com/games/news/52182/[xbox-360,-ps3]-nascar-08-cover-athlete-announced.htmthats right folks tony stewart cashed the check and is ea's new coverboy. he even took time to read the spoon fed bullshit "cue" card and quote.   "being on the cover of nascar 08 is an honor for me and my team," said stewart, driver of the no. 20 home depot chevrolet for joe gibbs racing. "i am really impressed with the next generation game features and graphics - the realism and authenticity are amazing."  gee just like it was in 2004 when you graced nascar thunder 2004 and all its "realisim and authenticity". i guarenfuckingtee you tony you would like all that realisim ea sports gives you if it was real life as i'm sure you could use the ablity to do 12 second bristol laps...you sell out fuck!!!  second year in a row and still no pc title..you think that ship has been suck?...to the lowest depths would be my guess.   anyhow i bet tiburon spent all of 3 days creating box art and recompiling 2007 piece of shit..respin, regirgitae, refuckinggret this company ever existed. btw don't think the we aren't aware of the new ceo...the fact is he's just another fucking idiot being rewarded for his loyalty to the system...nothing new coming from this monoplistic company.





6:20 am  | permalink |  



   
have a problem with this, me or the website? please bitch about it in our
forums or email me at  themanwithoutaface@gmail.com
wednesday, january 31, 2007 

2k sports strikes back..same old redundant ea madden shit..."no more!!"


http://www.gamespot.com/news/6164995.htmlfor nfl 2k football fans, the announcement of electronic arts' late-2004 exclusive deal with the national football league (nfl) hurt more than a blindside sack from an unblocked linebacker. the agreement made ea's popular madden franchise the only nfl-licensed game in town and also effectively ended the career of visual concepts' nfl 2k football series. rubbing salt in the wound, ea would eventually acquire the exclusive rights to make games based on ncaa football and the arena football league. after ea made the deal, sega decided to bail on the sports scene and sold off the jock-centric studios of visual concepts and kush games to take-two interactive. take-two formed 2k sports and made sports games based on the licenses of the mlb, nhl, nba, and more, but stayed away from football of any kind. midway games went rough-and-tumble with the unlicensed blitz: the league.midway games, on the other hand, believed that a successful football game did not need the blessing of the nfl, and it eventually released blitz: the league, a dark look at the underbelly of professional football. instead of using real teams and players, midway created a fictional league and made up its own players. the publisher's gamble proved to be a good move, and the game went on to be a surprising success. now it appears that 2k sports is feeling like it wants to get off the sidelines as well. today, the publisher announced that visual concepts is returning to football with all-pro football 2k8. the game is scheduled for release on "next generation video game systems" this summernow this is amazing..i'm quite shocked that even a cold blooded paper pushing white collared deadbeat company such as ea "fucking" sports  could fuck up this badly. ea ought  to be capable of shutting down the loop holes and dominating the market. i mean come on they spent all those millions on those exclusives..to insure the only departments at ea sports that need to remain busy is the "box art" division as any fucking intern doushe could run the cd-burner required to re-hash yearly installments of madden nfl football...but at last friends....as we all know..."shit ain't like dat"... despite holding a big  hand of golden (purchased albeit) ticket  with a stacked deck full of fucking exclusives in there favor. ea sports has managed to produce the lack luster quality games we all expect ..which in a poetic style of justice that may be there own undoing (we hope)...as now 2k sports has went from prey to predator on the drop of a hat.  it looks as the promise of  no competion in the nfl market to stock holder (like all ea promises) is all bullshit...as just in 2004 when 2k sports bitched slapped you (ea sports the all mighty) with a $19.99 quality game that forced you to slash prices in order to save your ever declining profit margins...its all about to happen again. and we here at nsr watch couldn't be happier! :)have fun at annual report time next year explaining this on as i don't think all the "james hawkins" s in the world are going to beable to spin current tibron toilet bomb into something "prefered" when there is competion.cheers!!!





10:51 am  | permalink |  



   
have a problem with this, me or the website? please bitch about it in our
forums or email me at  themanwithoutaface@gmail.com
wednesday, january 24, 2007 

crazygame world & co cry like a bunch of babies to force screens release!!


this is hilarious...a bunch fo nsr fanboy whiners at cgw have engaged a member of the sim-factory (asr producer) and started prodding for answers and demanding an "nsr" like experience. in a typical il spirited rant & rave about insignificant features (these assholes are already whining about modding for christ sakes) that has come expected out of nsr users. sim-factory let us remind you....these dumbasses are the same ones who said nsr was great/nr2003 replacement!! remember?seriously sim-factory i caution you...do not listen to the nsr crowd they are in the minority. if you want serious input. post at a non-biased/reputable site such as theuspits, bhm, or even the rfactor communities...don't let cgw fuck up asr the same way they did nsr (see my forum for asshole of the year awards for a good reminder why).oh and to funny the old glory hound is at it again crazyjnutz posts the above screenshot on the frontpage of his website as if he is in the "know" judging by the asskissing/crying in his forums it is so obvious to those on the "outside" you've been passed a chunk a coal...ya dolt!enjoy your pacifier cgw (fucking babies)





3:41 am  | permalink |  



   
have a problem with this, me or the website? please bitch about it in our
forums or email me at  themanwithoutaface@gmail.com
thursday, january 18, 2007 

ncaa march madness 06  gets fresh coat of wax..ncaa march "badness" 07 released


already half way into the college basketball season in true ea fashion. ea sports releases ncaa march madness 07 late (who's surprised).after a much anticipated wait ea's weening fans base is wondering just what the fuck took ea so long because the majority of the changes are "minor" graphic tweaks..and new box art. did it really take 3 months to get a descent picture of some smuck from gonzaga? user's will be delighted to know that all the annoying bugs from 06 spin off are all still included in this years editon. ea even took the opertunity to exploit there fucking ncaa exclusive and charge you $59.99 for the privelege of owning this toilet dagger.don't worry ncaa basketball fans..as a house has already fallen out of the sky and crushed this witch...as college hoops 2k7 was released over a month ago and was rewarded with rave reviews!..an get this its not only good its only $19.99. wow a valuegame beating up on ea sports...didn't they waste all that money on that exclusive?..didn't the marketing execs "squash that bug" (competiton) with routine ea smoking mirrors/market bullshit tactics. seems greased reviews/high price tags/ and trendy box art isn't going to cut it this year. looks as 2k sports has one uped ea with something so simple yet has been non existant at ea for years....'quality'.you may ask "why the hell does a nascar wbsite give a shit about some basketball game?" ...well friends its simple...this is an example that exclusives don't work without "game quality"...if ncaa basketball can pull it off so can a stockcar sim...there is 'void' waiting to be filled...and the first one to do it will reap the rewards.(go get em arcasimracingcom..the ball is in your court)





11:25 am  | permalink |  



   
have a problem with this, me or the website? please bitch about it in our
forums or email me at  themanwithoutaface@gmail.com
wednesday, january 17, 2007 

lawmaker wants ea's ass on a platter for flooding innocent users computers with spyware


http://www.joystiq.com/2006/12/18/eas-spyware-targeted-by-ca-lawmaker/ click above to enlarge to read ea's disclaimer to freely rape you!i hope to god this lawmaker is successfull...not only have they given up on quality..now they are looking at blatant privacy invasion as an avenue of profit!!....free market my ass!





9:29 am  | permalink |  













about me


i'm themanwithoutaface
from 
wanted: pissed off nsr users who wish to post articles on this website. must be creative and cynical. no benifits and no pay. to apply: email  here

my profile




last posts


stop the horseshit!!! a useless prayer!!ea opens new shop to prepare new ways of shoving s...tony stewart = ea sports bullshit pedler for 2008,...2k sports strikes back..same old redundant ea madd...crazygame world & co cry like a bunch of babies to...ncaa march madness 06  gets fresh coat of wax..nca...lawmaker wants ea's ass on a platter for flooding ...ea sports tries unloading nsr as a bundle of shit ...nsr gets ready for birthday # 2 (is there anyone l...ea tiburon delivers superman returns nsr style..an...




archives


september 2004
november 2004
april 2005
july 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
march 2007
october 2007
april 2008




links



world's slowest forum - visit to watch ea ignore there users pleas for help!!
crazygameworld the official testicle sweat of ea sports!






email me




syndicate this site (xml)





		powered for blogger










