















college of liberal arts and sciences | villanova university

























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x
menu


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionacademic programsadmissionsthe villanova experiencefaculty research & scholarshipabout the college




events

















x

search vu


















college of liberal arts and sciences







































college of


liberal arts andsciences












discover your passion






the college of liberal arts and sciences has been the intellectual heart of villanova since the university’s founding in 1842. with more than 40 academic departments and programs offering undergraduate and graduate degrees as well as doctoral programs in philosophy and theology, clas provides a rich, rigorous and diverse educational experience.
faculty in the college are teacher-scholars. they are thought leaders in their fields, pursuing research at the forefront of knowledge creation, and are equally committed to excellence in teaching—integrating their research into the classroom and inviting students to partner with them on studies and publications.
the college’s multidisciplinary curriculum encourages creativity and innovation. students develop critical thinking and strong communication skills, preparing them to be ethical leaders with a passion for making a positive impact on the world.













explore our programs




bachelor's
pursue a degree from among more than 40 programs in the humanities, social sciences, math and sciences.
more




master's
choose from more than 20 degrees, including online options in the humanities, social sciences, math and sciences.
more




doctoral
find out about our funded, full-time programs in philosophy and theology, and a part-time option in theology.
more




certificate
enhance your career with graduate certificates in humanities, social sciences, math and sciences, including online options.
more




minor
complement your major and enjoy an even more interdisciplinary and diversified academic experience by adding a minor.
more




curriculum
prepare for a purposeful career with our undergraduate core curriculum, a foundation emphasizing communication and critical thinking.
more














the college experience














about the dean










centers of excellence










professional development & internships










graduate studies










global learning










research










alumni & friends







   















stories of discovery










research retreat


							  six undergraduate students—three from villanova university and three from the university of puerto rico—spent the summer participating in research, attending colloquia and competing in some friendly math games. alexander diaz-lopez, phd, associate professor of mathematics and statistics, launched the villanova-puerto rico research retreat with a grant from the national science foundation to expand opportunities for math research and representation in the field.
							  
							      more...

 












 



"the church and transformation"


							  students and faculty traveled to rome for a special pilgrimage as part of “the church and transformation,” an embedded travel course taught by kathryn getek soltis, stl, phd, and jaisy joseph, phd. coinciding with the month-long general assembly of the synod of bishops, the trip offered students a unique opportunity to witness the synod in action and gain a deeper understanding of the church’s evolving role in the modern world.
							  
							      more...

 












 



supporting student success


							  experiential learning and academic enrichment opportunities, including immersion programs, study abroad, faculty-mentored research, unpaid internships and academic or professional conferences, carry a cost. the center for inclusive education (cie) provides stipends and facilitates efforts across the college to support students with information and access to funds for co-curricular academic enrichment, experiential learning and professional development. this critical new center launch in fall 2024.
							  
							      more...

 












 





























college news
















villanova’s english department celebrates 27th annual literary festival with award-winning authors and poets
this year marks the villanova university literary festival's 27th iteration, welcoming acclaimed poets and novelists to campus to present readings and meet with students. the featured writers include rachel heng, stephen sexton, victoria chang and paul lisicky, who will visit campus during the spring 2025 semester.





february 4, 2025




share  


more  >

























stephen sexton named 2025 charles a. heimbold jr. chair of irish studies at villanova university
villanova university selected stephen sexton, an award-winning northern irish poet and lecturer, as the 2025 charles a. heimbold jr. chair of irish studies in the college of liberal arts and sciences. the visiting writer-in-residence program offers irish studies students the opportunity to participate in a close classroom experience with one of ireland’s finest authors.





february 3, 2025




share  


more  >

























villanova theology professor reimagines future of catholic higher education in new book 
as catholic higher education institutions navigate an era of rapid change, massimo faggioli, phd, professor of theology and religious studies at villanova university, offers a timely and insightful exploration of challenges and opportunities in his new book, theology and catholic higher education: beyond our identity crisis. 





january 31, 2025




share  


more  >

























villanova history professor uncovers stories of families separated by slavery in new book
for decades after the abolition of slavery, thousands of formerly enslaved people placed ads in newspapers, eager to reconnect with loved ones. these deeply moving stories of family, loss and resilience are at the heart of last seen: the enduring search by formerly enslaved people to find their lost families, a new book by judith giesberg, phd, robert m. birmingham chair in the humanities and professor of history.





january 29, 2025




share  


more  >













		  more news  













at a glance



60+
graduate students present at academic conferences each year


  


94%
of the class of 2023
 secured opportunities


  


14
students or alumni earn fulbright scholarships for 2024 – 2025


  


81%
of students seeking a research experience participated in at least one


  


89%
of students seeking an internship participated in at least one


  


96%
of students seeking a service experience participated in at least one


  













who we are













faculty earns nsf career grant

 






alum named fulbright-john lewis civil rights fellow

 






faculty member awarded usda grant

 






professor's new book empowers students

 






communication professor creates sustainability mural

 








































connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













