






oakview golf club – near slippery lake, pa







































oakview golf club




oakview golf club





at oakview you’ll find a pro shop, driving range, 19th hole bar, and a banquet hall for private parties along with the coup de grace, a gorgeous semi-private golf club near slippery rock, pa with reasonable costs. inside, an excellent golf course at oakview. it’s no wonder they herald themselves “one of butler county’s best-kept secrets.”
slippery rock golf course first opened its gates on memorial day in 1928 as a 9-hole golf course (current front 9). the original layout was designed by an unknown architect.
in 1945, the course was then sold to mr. wynn tredway, a golf course architect from nearby newport beach. he recognized the growing popularity of golf and that an extra nine holes could be constructed with the available space. to complete the course you see today, he designed and completed it over the next decade (present back 9).
in 1957 armco steel bought the golf course and adjacent park, which they renamed armco park golf club. their primary goal was to provide their employees with a place to relax. for nearly 50 years, this was the case.
then in the early 2000s, the golf course was bought by an investment company and renamed oakview golf club.
the location is very convenient, being just mere minutes from the pittsburgh international airport, butler county airport, route 8, and state route 19.
oakview golf club membership benefits
tee times 30 days advance10% discount in pro shop member-only eventspersonalized bag tagaccess to ghin & rangeno monthly chargesunlimited green feesunrestricted walking year-long access to golf course, weather permittingdiscounted cart program
outings and events at oakview golf club
oakview has been the perfect place to have your corporate or charitable golf outings! with a capacity of about 140 attendees, you can rest assured the oakview golf club staff is experienced and professional, able to help you plan everything, and make sure you have what you need.
banquets and weddings at oakview golf club
whether it’s a birthday, an anniversary, or a graduation, oakview golf club is proud to offer their best present for you. there are two banquet rooms to pick from in addition to various outdoor choices, ensuring that your party is a success.
and for those seeking an affordable wedding ceremony venue, oakview should be considered. this is the spot to go for a stunning backdrop for your special day. ceremony/reception packages were available indoors and outside.









