


18th-century reading room






















    
	18th-century reading room
	
  
a collection of letters, maps, documents, books, music, engravings, and other materials from europe and the americas ranging from the sixteenth to the nineteenth centuries



wednesday, january 17, 2007



	 please visit our new site
    


the eighteenth-century reading room blog has moved to wordpress.please update your bookmarks and links to http://18thcenturyreadingroom.wordpress.com.please update your feeds to http://18thcenturyreadingroom.wordpress.com/feed/.for further information, contact caroline fuchs at 212.817.7085 or cfuchs@gc.cuny.edu



posted by caroline fuchs @ 1:56 pm (0) comments  

    





	 item of the day:  sketches of the history of man (1774)
    


full title: sketches of the history of man by lord kames home. edinburgh: w. creech: london: w. strahan and t. cadell, 1774.book i.progress of men as individualssketch vi.progress of the female sex.the history of the female sex, a capital branch of the history of man, comprehends great variety of matter, curious and interesting. but sketches are my province, not complete histories; and i propose in the present sketch to trace the gradual progress of women, from their low state in savage tribes, to their elevated state in civilized nations.with regard to the outlines, whether of internal disposition, or of external figure, men and women are precisely the same. nature, however, intending them for mates, has given them characters different, but concordant, so as to produce together delicious harmony. the man, naturally more robust, is fitted for severe labour and for field-exercises: the woman for sedentary occupations; and particularly for nursing children. to that difference the mind also contributes. a boy is always running about; delights in a top or a ball; and rides upon a stick for want of a horse. a girl has less inclination to move: her first amusement is a baby; which she delights to dress and undress. the man, bold and vigorous, is qualified for being a protector: the woman, delicate and timid, requires protection. the man, as a protector, is directed by nature to govern: the woman, conscious of inferiority, is disposed to obedience. their intellectual powers correspond to the destination of nature: men have penetration and solid judgement to fit them for governing: women have sufficient understanding to make a decent figure under good government; a greater proportion would excite dangerous rivalship. add another capital difference of character: the gentle and insinuating manners of the female sex tend to soften the roughness of the other sex; and where-ever women are indulged with any freedom, they polish sooner than men.these are not the only particulars that distinguish the sexes. with respect to matrimony, it is the privilege of the male, as superior and protector, to make a choice: the female preferred has no privilege but barely to consent or to refuse. nature fits them for these different parts: the male is bold, the female bashful. hence among all nations it is the practice for men to court, and for women to be courted: which holds also among many other animals, probably among all that pair.another distinction is equally visible: the master of a family is immediately connected with his country: his wife, his children, his servants, are immediately connected with him, and with their country through him only. women accordingly have less patriotism than men; and less bitterness against the enemies of their country.the peculiar modesty of the female sex is also a distinguishing circumstance. nature hath provided them with it as their chief defence against the artful solicitations of the other sex before marriage, and also as the chief support of conjugal fidelity. it is held to be their capital virtue; and a woman who surrenders her chastity is universally despised; tho’ in a man chastity is scarce held to be a virtue, except in the married state. but of that more fully afterwards.a fundamental article in the present sketch is matrimony; and it has been much controverted, whether it be an appointment of nature, or only of municipal law. many writers have exercised their talents in that controversy, but without giving any satisfaction to a judicious enquirer. if i mistake not, it may be determined upon solid principles; and as it is of importance in the history of man, the reader, i am hopeful, will not be disgusted at the length of the argument.. . .what i have no opened suggests the following question, whether, according to the animal economy above display’d, are we to presume, or not, that man is directed by nature to matrimony? if analogy can be rely’d on, the affirmative must be held, as there is no other creature in the known world to which pairing is so necessary. man is a long-lived animal, and is proportionally slow in growing to maturity: he is a helpless being before the age of fifteen or sixteen, and there may be in a family ten or twelve children of different births before the eldest can shift for itself. now in the original state of hunting and fishing, which are laborious occupations, and not always successful, a woman, suckling her infants is not able to provide food even for herself, far less for ten or twelve voracious children. matrimony therefore, or pairing, is so necessary to the human race, that it must be natural and instinctive. when such ample means are provided for continuing every other animal race, is it supposable that the chief race would be neglected? providential care descends even to vegetable life: every plant bears a profusion of seed; and in order to cover the earth with vegetables, some seeds have sings, some are scattered by means of a spring, and some are so light as to be carried about by the wind. brute animals which do not pair, have grass and other food in plenty, enabling the female to feed her young without needing any help from the male. but where the young require the nursing care of both parents, pairing is a law of nature. when other races are so amply provided for, can it be seriously thought, that providence is less attentive to the human race? if men and women were not impelled by nature to matrimony, they would be less fitted for continuing their species than even the humblest plant. have we not reason fairly to conclude, that matrimony in the human race is an appointment of nature? can that conclusion be resisted by any one who believes in providence, and in final causes?labels: 1770's, family, women



posted by rebecca dresser @ 12:10 pm (0) comments  

    





	 (january 12th, 2007) item of the day: barclay’s apology for the true christian divinity (1765)
    


full title: an apology for the true christian divinity, being an explanation and vindication of the principles and doctrines of the people called quakers. written in latin and english by robert barclay, and since translated into the high dutch, low dutch, french, and spanish, for the information of strangers. the eighth edition in english. birmingham: printed by john baskerville, and sold by the booksellers of london and westminster, mdcclxv.tocharles ii.kingofgreat britain,and the dominions therunto belonging:robert barclay,a servant of jesus christ, called of god to the dispensation of the gospel now again revealed, and, after a long and dark night of apostasy, commanded to be preached to all nations, wisheth health and salvation.as the condition of kings and princes puts them in a station more obvious to the view and observation of the world than that of other men, of whom, as cicero observes, neither any word or action can be obscure; so are those kings, during whose appearance upon the stage of this world it pleaseth the great king of kings singularly to make known unto men the wonderful steps of his unsearchable providence, more signally observed, and their lives and actions more diligently remarked, and enquired into by posterity; especially if those things be such as not only relate to the outward transactions of this world, but also are signalized by the manifestation or revelation of the knowledge of god in matters spiritual and religious. these are the things that rendred the lives of cyrus, augustus caesar, and constantine the great, in former times, and charles the fifth, ans ome other modern princes in these last ages, so considerable.but among all the transactions which it hath pleased god to permit, for the glory of his power, and the manifestation of his wisdom and providence, no age furnisheth us with things so strange and marvellous, whether with respect to matters civil or religious, as these that have fallen out within the compass of thy time; who, though thou be not yet arrived at the fiftieth year of thy age, hast yet been a witness of stranger things than many ages before produced. so that whether we respect those various troubles wherein thou foundest thyself engaged while scarce got out of thy infancy; the many different afflictions, whrewith men of thy circumstances are often unacquainted; the strand and unparalleled fortune that befel thy father; thy own narrow escape, and banishment following thereupon, with the great improbability of thy ever returning, at least without very much pains and tedious combatings; or finally, the incapacity thou wert under to accomplish such a design; considering the strength of those that had possessed themselves of thy throne, and the terror they had inflicted upon foreign states; and yet that, after all this, thou shouldest be restored without stroke of sword, the help or assistance of foreign states, or the contrivance and work of human policy; all these do sufficiently declare it is the lord’s doing, which, as it is marvellous in our eyes, so it will justly be a matter of wonder and astonishment to generations to come; and may sufficiently serve, if rightly observed to confute and confound that atheism wherewith this age doth so much abound.as the vindication of the liberty of conscience (which thy father, by giving way to the importunate clamours of the clergy, the answering and fulfilling of whose unrighteous wills has often proved hurtful and pernicious to princes, fought some part to restrain) was a great occasion of those troubles and revolutions; so the pretence of conscience was that which carried it on, and brought it to that pitch it came to.  and though no doubt some that were engaged in that work designed good things, at least in the beginning, albeit always wrong in the manner they took to accomplish it, viz. by carnal weapons, yet so soon as they had tasted the sweets of the possessions of them they had turned out, they quickly began to do those things themselves for which they had accused others. for their hands were found full of opression, and they hated the reproof of instruction, which is the way of life; and they evilly intreated the messengers of the lord, and caused his prophets to be beaten and imprisoned, and persecuted his people, whom he had called and gathered out from among them, whom he had made to beat their swords into plow-shares, and their sperars into pruning-hooks, and not to learn carnal war any more: but he raised them up, and armed them with spiritual weapons, even with his own spirit and power, whereby they testified in the streets and high-ways, and publick markets and synagogues, against the pride, vanity, lust, and hypocrisy of that generation, who were righteous in their own eyes; though often cruelly intreated therfore: and they faithfully prophesied and foretold them of their judgment and downfal, which came upon them; as by several warnings and epistles, delivered to oliver and richard cromwell, the parliament, and other then powers, yet upon record, doth appear. . . .god almighty, who hath so signally hitherto visited thee with his love, so touch and reach thy heart, ere the day of thy visitation by expired, that thou mayest effectually turn to him, so as to improve thy place and station for his name. so wisheth, so prayeth,thy faithful friend and subject,robert barclay.labels: 1760's, religion



posted by caroline fuchs @ 11:05 am (0) comments  

    





	 item of the day: the complaint; or, night thoughts, on life, death, and immortality (1812)
    


full title:  the complaint; or, night thoughts, on life, death, and immortality.  by edward young, l.l.d. with the life of the author.  london:  printed for thomas tegg, 111, cheapside.  1812.memoirs of the late dr. edward young.edward young, l.l.d. author of the night thoughts, and many other excellent pieces, was the only son of dr. edward young, an eminent, learned, and judicious divine, dean of sarum, fellow of winchester college, and rector of upham, in hampshire. he was born in the year 1684, at upham; and, after being educated in winchester college, was chosen on the foundation of new college at oxford, october 13th, 1703, when he was nineteen years of age; but being superannuated, and there being no vacancy of a fellowship, he removed before the expiration of the year to corpus christi, where he entered himself a gentleman commoner.in 1708, he was put into a law fellowship, at all souls, by archbishop tennison.  here he took the degree of b.c.l. in 1714, and in 1719, d.c.l.  in this year he published his tragedy of busiris:  in 1721, the revenge; and in 1723, the brothers: about this time he published his elegant poem on the last day, which being wrote by a layman, gave the more satisfaction. he soon after published the force of religion, or vanquished love, a poem, which also gave much pleasure, to most who read it, but, more especially to the noble family for whose entertainment it was principally written.  some charge the author with a stiffness of versification in both these poems; but they met with such success as to procure him the particular friendship of several of the nobility, and among the rest the patronage of the duke of wharton, which greatly helped him in his finances.  by his grace’s recommendation, he put up for member of parliament for cirencester, but did not succeed.  his noble patron honoured him with his company to all souls; and, through his instance and persuasion, was at the expence of erecting a considerable part of the new buildings then carrying on in that college.  the turn of his mind leading him to divinity, he quitted the law, which he had never practised, and taking orders, was appointed chaplain in ordinary to king george ii.  april 1728.in that year he published a vindication of providence, in 4to. and soon after his estimate of human life, in the same size, which have gone through several editions in 12mo. and thought by many to be the best of his prose performances.  in 1730, he was presented by his college to the rectory of welwyn, in hertfordshire, reputed worth 300l. a year, besides the lordship of the manor annexed to it.  he was married in 1731, to lady betty lee, widow of colonel lee, and daughter to the earl of litchfield, (a lady of an eminent genius and great poetical talents) who brought him a son and heir not long after their marriage.… about the year 1741, he had the unhappiness to lose his wife, and both her children, which she had by her first husband; a son and a daughter, very promising characters.  they all died within a short time of each other: that he felt greatly for their loss, as well as for that of his lady, may easily be perceived by his fine poem of the night thoughts, occasioned by it. this was a species of poetry peculiarly his own, and has been unrivalled by all who have attempted to copy him.  his applause here was deservedly great.   the unhappy bard, “whose griefs in melting numbers flow, and melancholy joys diffuse around,” has been often sung by the profane as well as pious. they were written, as before observed, under the recent pressure of his sorrow for the loss of his wife, and his daughter and son-in-law; they are addressed to lorenzo, a man of pleasure, and the world, and who, it is generally supposed, (and very probably) was his own son, then labouring under his father’s displeasure.  his son-in-law is said to be characterised by philader; and his daughter was certainly the person he speaks of under the appellation of narcissa:  see night 3.1.62. in her last illness he accompanied her to montpelier, in the south of france, where she died soon after her arrival in the city.after her death it seems she was denied christian burial, on account of being reckoned a heretic, by the inhabitants of this place; which inhumanity is justly resented in the same beautiful poem:  see night 3, line 165; in which his wife also is frequently mentioned; and he thus laments the loss of all three in an apostrophe to death:“insatiate archer! could not one suffice?thy shaft flew thrice, and thrice my peace was slainand thrice, ere thrice yon moon had fill’d her horn.” he wrote his conjectures on original composition, when he was turned of 80; if it has blemishes mixed with its beauties, it is not to be wondered at, when we consider his great age, and the many infirmities which generally attend such an advanced period of life.  however, the many excellent remarks this work abounds with, make it justly esteemed as a brightening before death:  the resignation, a poem, the last and least esteemed of all dr. young’s works, was published a short time before his death, and only served to manifest the taper of genius, which had so long shone with peculiar brightness in him, was now glimmering in the socket.  he died in his parsonage-house, at welwyn, april 12th 1765, and was buried, according to his own desire, (attended by all the poor of the parish) under the altar-piece of that church, by the side of his wife.  this altar-piece is reckoned one of the most curious in the kingdom, adorned with an elegant piece of needlework by the late lady betty young. before the doctor died, he ordered all his manuscripts to be burnt.  those that knew how much he expressed in a small compass, and that he never wrote on trivial subjects, will lament both the excess of his modesty (if i may so term it) and the irreparable loss to posterity; especially when it is considered, that he was the intimate acquaintance of addison, and was himself one of the writers of the spectator.in his life-time he published two or three sermons, one of which was preached before the house of commons.  he left an only son and heir, mr. frederick young, who had the first part of his education at winchester school, and became a scholar upon the foundation; was sent, in consequence thereof, to new college in oxford; but there being no vacancy (though the society waited for no less than two years) he was admitted in the mean time in baliol college, where he behaved so imprudently as to be forbidden the college.  this misconduct disobliged his father so much, that he never would suffer him to come to his sight afterwards: however, by his will, he bequeathed to him, after a few legacies, his whole fortune, which was considerable.as a christian and a divine, he might be said to be an example of primeval piety: he gave a remarkable instance of this one sunday, when preaching in his turn at st. james’s; for, though he strove to gain the attention of his audience, when he found he could not prevail, his pity for their folly got the better of all decorum; he sat back in the pulpit, and burst into a flood of tears.the turn of his mind was naturally solemn; and he usually, when at home in the country, spent many hours in a day walking among the tombs in his own churchyard.  his conversation, as well as writings, had all a reference to a future life; and this turn of mind mixed itself even with his improvements in gardening: he had, for instance, an alcove, with a bench so well painted in it, that, at a distance, it appeared to be real, but upon nearer approach, the deception was perceived, and this motto appeared,invisibilia non decipuntthe things unseen do not deceive us.…it is observed by dean swift, that if dr. young, in his satires, had  been more merry or severe, they would have been more generally pleasing; because mankind are more apt to be pleased with ill-nature and mirth than with solid sense and instruction.  it is also observed of his “night thoughts, that though they are chiefly flights of thinking almost super-human, such as the description of death, from his secret stand, noting down the follies of a bacchanalian society, the epitaph upon the departed world, and the issuing of satan from his dungeon; yet these, and a great number of other remarkable fine thoughts, are sometimes overcast with an air of gloominess and melancholy, which have a disagreeable tendency, and must be unpleasing to a cheerful mind; however, it must be acknowledged by all, that they evidence a singular genius, a lively fancy, an extensive knowledge of men and things, especially of the feelings of the human heart, and paint, in the strongest colours, the vanity of life, with all its fading honours and emoluments, the benefits of true piety, especially in the views of death, and the most unanswerable arguments, in support of the soul’s immortality and a future state.g.w.labels: 1700's, culture, poetry, posted by rebecca dresser



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:58 am (0) comments  

    





	 item of the day:  mrs. trollope's manners of the americans (1832)
    


domestic manners of the americans.  by mrs. trollope.  vol i. london:  printed for whittaker, treacher, & co. ave maria lane, 1832. chapter ii. new orleans – society – creoles and quandroons – voyage up the mississipppi. on first touching the soil of a new land, of a new continent, of a new world, it is impossible not to feel considerable excitement and deep interest in almost every object that meets us.  new orleans presents very little that can gratify the eye of taste, but nevertheless there is much of novelty and interest for newly-arrived european.  the large proportion of blacks seen in the streets, all labour being performed by them; the grace and beauty of the elegant quadroons, the occasional groups of wild and savage looking indians, the unwonted aspect of the vegetation, the huge and turbid river, with its low and slimy shore,  all help to afford that aspecies of amusement which proceeds from looking at what we never saw before. the town has much the appearance of a french ville de province, and is, in fact, an old french colony taken from spain by france.  the names of the streets are french, and the language about equally french and english.  the market is handsome and well supplied, all produce being conveyed by the river.  we were much pleased by the chant with which the negro boatmen regulate and beguile their labour on the river; it consists but of a very few notes, but they are sweetly harmonious, and the negro voice is almost always rich and powerful. by far the most agreeable hours i passed at new orleans were those in which i explored with my children the forest near the town.  it was our first walk in “the eternal forests of the western world,” and we felt rather sublime and poetical.  the trees, generally speaking, are much too close to be either large or well grown; and moreover, their growth is often stunted by a parasitical plant, for which i could learn no other name than “spanish moss;” it hangs gracefully from the boughs, converting the outline of all the trees it hangs upon into that of weeping willows.  the chief beauty of the forest in this region is from the luxuriant under-growth of palmettos, which is decidedly the loveliest coloured and most graceful plant i know.  the pawpaw, too, is a splendid shrub, and in great abundance.  we here, for the first time, saw the wild vine, which we afterwards fround growing so profusely in every part of america, as naturally to suggest the idea that the natives ought to add wine to the numerous productions of their plenty-teeming soil.  the strong pendant festoons made safe and commodious swings, which some of our party enjoyed, despite the sublime temperament above-mentioned. notwithstanding it was mid-winter when we were at new orleans, the heat was much more than agreeable, and the attacks of the mosquitos incessant, and most tormenting; yet i suspect that for a short time, we would rather have endured it, than not have seen oranges, green peas, and red pepper, growing in the open air at christmas.  in one of our rambles we ventured to enter a garden, whose bright orange hedge attracted our attention; here we saw green peas fit for the table, and a fine crop of red pepper ripening in the sun.  a young negress was employed on the steps of the house; that she was a slave made her an object of interest to us.  she was the first slave we had ever spoken to, and i believe we all felt that we cold hardly address her with sufficient gentleness. she little dreamed, poor girl, what deep sympathy she excited; she answered us civilly and gaily, and seemed amused at our fancying there was something unusual in red pepper pods; she gave us several of them, and i felt fearful lest a hard mistress might blame her for it.  how very childish does ignorance make us! and how very ignorant we are upon almost every subject, where hear-say evidence is all we can get! i left england with feelings so strongly opposed to slavery, that it was not without pain i witnessed its effects around me.  at the sight of every negro man, woman, and child that passed, my fancy wove some little romance of misery, as belonging to each of them; since i have known more on the subject, and become better acquainted with their real situation in america, i have often smiled at recalling what i then felt.labels: 1830's, culture, new orleans, posted by rebecca dresser, slavery, women



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:47 am (0) comments  

    


friday, december 29, 2006



	 item of the day: gibbon's decline and fall of the roman empire (1797)
    


full title: the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire. by edward gibbon, esq. volume the first. a new edition. london: printed for a. strahan; and t. cadell jun. and w. davies (successors to mr. cadell) in the strand, m.dcc.xcvii.preface.it is not my intention to detain the reader by expatiating on the variety, or the importance of the subject, which i have undertaken to treat: since the merit of the choice would serve to render the weakness of the execution still more apparent, and still less excusable. but as i have presumed to lay before the public a first volume only of the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire, it will perhaps be expected that i should explain, in a few words, the nature and limits of my general plan.the memorable series of revolutions, which, in the course of about thirteen centuries, gradually undermined, and at length destroyed, the solid fabric of human greatness, may, with some propriety, be divided into the three following periods.i. the first of these periods may be traced from the age of trajan and the antonines, when the roman monarchy, having attained its full strength and maturity, began to verge towards its decline; and will extend to the subversion of the western empire, by the barbarians of germany and scythia, the rude ancestors of the most polished nations of modern europe. this extraordinary revolution, which subjected rome to the power of a gothic conqueror, was completed about the beginning of the sixth century.ii. the second period of the decline and fall of rome, may be supposed to commence with the reign of justinian, who by his laws, as well as by his victories, restored a transient splendour to the eastern empire. it will comprehend the invasion of italy by the lombards; the conquest of the asiatic and african provinces by the arabs, who embraced the religion of mahomet; the revolt of the roman people against the feeble princes of constantinople; and the elevation of charlemagne, who, in the year eight hundred, established the second, or german empire of the west.iii. the last and longest of these periods includes about six centuries and a half; from the revival of the western empire, till the taking of constantinople by the turks, and the extinction of a degenerate race of princes, who continued to assume the titles of caesar and augustus, after their dominions were contracted to the limits of a single city; in which the language as well as manners of the ancient romans had been long since forgotten. the writer who should undertake to relate the events of this period, would find himself obliged to enter into the general history of the crusades, as far as they contributed to the ruin of the greek empire; and he would scarcely be able to restrain his curiosity from making some inquiry into the state of the city of rome, during the darkness and confusion of the middle ages.as i have ventured, perhaps too hastily, to commit to the press, a work, which, in every sense of the word, deserves the epithet of imperfect, i consider myself as contracting an engagement to finish, most probably in a second volume, the first of these memorable periods; and to deliver to the public the complete history of the decline and fall of rome, from the age of the antonines, to the subversion of the western empire. with regard to the subsequent periods, though i may entertain some hopes, i dare not presume to give any assurances. the execution of the extensive plan which i have described, would connect the ancient and modern history of the world: but it would require many yeas of health, of leisure, and of perseverance.bentinck-streetfebruary 1, 1776.p.s. the entire history, which is now published, of the decline and fall of the roman empire in the west, abundantly discharges my engagements with the public. perhaps their favourable opinion may encourage me to prosecute a work, which, however laborious it may seem, is the most agreeable occupation of my leisure hours.bentinck-streetmarch 1, 1781.an author easily persuades himself that the public opinion is still favourable to his labours; and i have now embraced the serious resolution of proceeding to the last period of my original design, and of the roman empire, the taking of constantinople by the turks, in the year one thousand four hundred and fifty-three. the most patient reader, who computes that three ponderous volumes have been already employed on the events of four centuries, may, perhaps, be alarmed at the long pros0pect of nine hundred years. but it is not my intention to expatiate with the same minuteness on the whole series of byzantine history. at our entrance into this period, the reign of justinian, and the conquests of the mahometans, will deserve and detain our attention, and the last age of constantinople (the crusades and the turks) is connected with the revolutions of modern europe. from the seventh to the eleventh century, the obscure interval will be supplied by a concise narrative of such facts, as may still appear either interesting or important.bentinck-streetmarch 1, 1782.the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire is now delivered to the public in a more convenient form. some alterations and improvements had presented themselves to my mind, but i was unwilling to injure or offend the purchasers of the preceding editions. the accuracy of the corrector of the press has been already tried and approved; and, perhaps, i may stand excused, if, amidst the avocations of a busy winter, i have preferred the pleasures of composition and study, to minute diligence of revising a former publication.bentick-streetapril 20, 1783.labels: 1790s, history, roman empire



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:12 am (0) comments  

    


thursday, december 28, 2006



	 walpole's private correspondence
    


full title: private correspondence of harace walpole, earl of orford. now first collected. in four volumes. vol. i. 1735-1756. london: printed for rodwell and martin, bond-street; and colburn and co., conduit-street, 1820. to richard west, esq.florence, jan. 24, 1740, n.s.dear west,i don't know what volumes i may send you from rome; from florence i have little inclination to send you any. i see several things that please me calmly, but à force d'en avoir vù i have left off screaming, lord! this! and lord! that! to speak sincerely, calais surprised me more than any thing i have seen. i recollect the joy i used to propose if i could but once see the great duke's gallery; i walk into it now with as little emotion as i should into st. paul's. the statues are a congregation of good sort of people, that i have a great deal of unruffled regard for. the farther i travel, the less i wonder at any thing: a few days reconcile one to a new spot, or an unseen custom; and men are so much the same every where, that one scarce perceives any change of situation. the same weaknesses, the same passions that in england plunge men into elections, drinking, whoring, exist here, and show themselves in the shapes of jesuits, cicisbeos, and corydon ardebat alexins. the most remarkable thing i have observed since i came abroad, is, that there are no people so obviously mad as the english. the french, the italians, have great follies, great faults; but then they are so national, that they cease to be striking. in england, tempers vary so excessively, that almost every one's faults are peculiar to himself. i take this diversity to proceed partly from our climate, partly form our government: the first is changeable, and makes us queer; the latter permits our queernesses to operate as they please. if one could avoid contracting this queerness, it must certainly be the most entertaining to live in england, where such a variety of incidents continually amuse. the incidents of a week in london would furnish all italy with news for a twelve-month. the only two circumstances of moment in the life of an italian, that ever give occasion to their being mentioned, are, being married, and in a year after taking a cicisbeo. ask the name, the husband, the wife, or the cicisbeo of any person, et voila qui est fini. thus, child, 'tis dull dealing here. methinks your spanish war is a little more lively. by the gravity of the proceedings, one would think both nations were spaniard. adieu! do you rmember my maxim, that you used to laugh at? evert body does every thing, and nothing comes on't. i am more convinced of it now than ever.  i don't know wheterh s****'s was not still better, well, 'gad, there is nothing in nothing. you see how i distil all my speculations and improvements, that they may lie in a small compass. do you remember the story of the prince, that after travelling three years brought home nothing but a nut? they cracked it: in it was wrapped a piece of silk, painted with all the kings, queens, kindgoms, and every thing in thw world: after many unfoldings, out stepped a little dog, shook his ears, and fell to dancing a saraband. there is a fairy tale for you. if i had any thing as good as your old song, i would send it too; but i can only thank you for it, and bid you good night.yours ever,p.s. upon reading my letter, i perceive still plainer the sameness that reigns here; for i find i have said the same things ten times over. i don't care; i have made out a letter, and that was all my affair. labels: 1740's, letters, travel



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:58 am (0) comments  

    


friday, december 22, 2006



	 item of the day: the general history of the wars of the romans, by polybius (1812)
    


full title: the general history of thw wars of the romans, by polybius. translated from the original greek. by mr. hampton. and now reprinted and enlarged with several additions. complete in one volume. london: printed and published by j. davis, 38, essex street, strand, and sold by all the booksellers, 1812.the preface. among all the historians of antiquity, whose works have been adjudged worthy of the admiration or regard of later times, there is none, perhaps, so little known, as the author who is now offered to the public. the words grave, judicious, excellent, are, indeed, transmitted from pen to pen, and fill the mouth of every critic. but though the name of polybius be thus still accompanied with some mark of respect and honour, his real character has remained almost unnoticed; and his writings, even though confessed to be the objects of esteem and praise, by degrees have fallen under that kind of neglect and general disregard, which usually foreruns oblivion.it may be useful, therefore, to consider some of the chief among the causes that have concurred to produce so perverse an accident, before we attempt to lead the reader into a closer view of those many excellences that are peculiar to the following history, and which drew towards it the attention of the wise and learned, in the enlightended times of the greeks and romans.amidst all the advantages which the moderns are by many supposed to have gained against the ancients, with respect to the points of useful knowledge, and the enlargement of all true and solid science, it cannot but be allowed, that, in the art of writing, the latter still maintain their rank unrivalled; and that the graces and charms, the exactness, strength, and energy, which make severally the character of their most perfect compositions, are in vain sought for in the productions of the present age. those, therefore, that take into their hands the remains of any celebrated name either of greece or rome, are, in the first place, accustomed to expect, if not a faultless work, yet some display, at least, of that superiority which the warmest emulation has not yet been able to exceed; some beaming of those excellences, which strike and captivate the mind, and render irresistible the words of wisdom, when delivered through the lips of beauty. it is not, therefore, judged sufficient, that the matter be grave and weighty, unless the manner also be enchanting. in vain are things disposed in order, and words made expressive of the sense. we demand, likewise, an arrangement that may please the fancy, and a harmony that may fill the ear. on the other hand, if the style be such as rejects the embellishments of art, yet let us find in it at least that full and close conciseness, that commanding dignity, that smooth and pure simplicity, in a word, those naked graces which outshine all ornament.such are the expectations of every reader, who has gained a taste sufficient to discern, that these beauties are, in fact, diffused through all the finished pieces of antiquity. for though, even among the antients, there were as many different styles as authors, yet nature, and sound criticism which drew its rules from nature, referred them all to two or three different kinds, of which each had its established laws; which, while they served to instruct the writer in his art, afforded likewise a sure criterion by which his works were either censured or approved. was it the purpose of an author to recite past events, or convey lessons of instruction, in a language simple and unadorned? it was demanded by these laws that his style should be concise and pure; that the sentiment and diction should be closely joined, and no word admitted that did not add somewhat to the sense: that through the whole should be found a certain air of ease and freedom, mixed, however, with strength and dignity; and that, void of all appearance of study and art, he should strive to make even negligence itself alluring. if on the contrary, his desire was to excel in the florid kind, the same laws required that the simple charms of nature should be adorned with all the elegance and pomp of art; that splendid images should flatter and delude the fancy; that the diction should be noble, polite, and brilliant; that every word should be dressed in smiles; and that the periods should be measured with the nicest care, joined together in the softest bands of harmony, and flow intermingled without obstacle or pause. lastly, with respect to that likewise which was called the intermediate kind of compositon, these laws were careful also to prescribe the proper temperament in which the beauties of the former two should meet and be united; and to adjust the mixture of graceful and austere, the artificial and the simple, in such exact proportion, that the one never should prevail against the other, but both govern through the whole with a kind of mingled sway . . . labels: 1810's, greek/roman translations, history



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:59 am (0) comments  

    


friday, december 15, 2006



	 item of the day: dunlap’s memoirs of the life of george frederick cooke (1813)
    


full title: memoirs of george fred. cooke, esq. late of the theatre royal, covent garden. by william dunlap, esq. composed principally from the personal knowledge of the author, and from the manuscript journals left by mr. cooke. comprising original anecdotes of his theatrical contemporaries, his opinions on various dramatic writings, &c. vol. i. london: printed for henry colburn, british and foreign public library, conduit-street, hanover-square; and sold by george goldie, edinburgh; and john cumming, dublin, 1813.preface.  the following work was undertaken by me with reluctance, but has increased upon me in interest, very far beyond what i could have conceived at the commencement.in the month of may, 1811, mr. cooke asked me, rather sportively, to be his biographer, and i, in the same spirit, promised. hen then said, that he had several manuscript journals, which he would put into my hands; but as nothing further passed, and the subject was not recurred to, i thought no more of it.after his death, which happened during a visit i was making to new jersey, the business was pressed upon me, and three manuscripts put into my hands. his “chronicle,” or a retrospect of his theatrical life, including the first dramatic impressions made upon his mind, with their growth and consequences, was the most important of the three. this work is brought up to 1807. accompanying it, were two books of diary, kept at different periods, after his coming to london; without connexion, and at first view, not very intelligible, or interesting. these were the materials upon which i was to build. i knew, however, that i could obtain every information, relative to his american engagement, and the subsequent events of his life; and that i possessed a fund of knowledge, derived from my connexion with the new york theatre, and my intercourse for many months with the subject of the work.under these circumstances, i undertook my labour, with the determination to exhibit a faithful picture of this extraordinary man, the events of whose varied life cannot but prove an impressive lesson to every reader. the man of genius will see that he must not rely upon genius along; and the man who is conscious of mediocrity, will be taught that he must keep a strict watch over his conduct, when he sees, that even the most brilliant talent, cannot avail to produce usefulness or happiness, without virtue and prudence.if i have succeeded in portraying the image formed in my mind, by the knowledge i possess of mr. cooke, i have rendered service to the cause of morality, and consequently promoted human happiness.actors, and drastic writers, as connected with the subject of my book, necessarily form a part of it. i have given mr. cooke’s opinions upon them, as i found those opinions: my own, according to the extent and accuracy of my critical judgment.an actor, as a subject of biography, is not important because he is an actor, but because he is a man who has been placed in situations interesting to his fellow men; and because his conduct, through an eventful life, if faithfully related, excites attention, interests the feelings, and strikingly indicates to others, the path they should pursue for the attainment of the world’s, and their own approbation. much dramatic biography is censurable, as frivolous, or worthless, or hurtful to the reader; but there are respectable and valuable works of the kind, which though not perfect, add to the mass of innocent amusement, and useful information. in this last class, i would place davis’s and murphy’s lives of garrick, and kirkman’s life of macklin. i hope the life of cooke will at least rank as high, in a moral point of view, it must be my fault, if, from the character of the subject, it does not rank higher, as a work of entertainment.after commencing my work, i found several other manuscripts of mr. cooke’s writing, of an earlier date than those i possessed, and of a more energetic and interesting character. these, with his books, and the parts from which he studied, marked by him in the hour of application, formed a rich mass, not only for the ornament, but for the more essential purpose of strengthening my fabric, and rendering it permanently useful.by publishing my work both in england and america, i present to the many thousands, who have received delight from witnessing mr. cooke’s unrivalled talents, a mass of facts, which could not be given to them by any other person; and i have presumed that there is, throughout great britain, ireland, and the united states, much curiosity respecting a man so eccentric in his conduct, and so eminent in his profession. the closing scenes of such a man’s life, are more interesting and impressive than the preceding acts. these scenes have come immediately under my observation, and the description of them is more peculiarly the gift which i could, alone, make to the public.what value will be set upon it, is yet to be determined; i doubt not that it will be a fair one. when the public forms an unbiased decision on the merits of a literary work, it is seldom, if ever, erroneous.william dunlap.august 1st, 1813.   



posted by caroline fuchs @ 11:43 am (0) comments  

    


thursday, december 14, 2006



	 item of the day: franco-gallia (1711)
    


full title: franco-gallia: or, an account of the ancient free state of france, and most other parts of europe, before the loss of their liberties. written originally in latin by the famous civilian francis hotoman i.e. hotman], in the year 1574. and translated into english by the author of the account of denmark. london: printed for tim. goodwin, at the queen’s head against st. dunstan’s church, fleetstreet, 1711.theprefaceto thereader.  the following treatise was composed by that most learned and judicious civilian francis hotoman, a grave, sincere, and unexceptionable author, even in the opinion of his adversaries. this book give an account of the ancient free state of above three parts in four of all europe; and has a long time appeared to me so convincing and instructive in those important points he handles, that i could not be satisfied whilst it remained unknown, in a manner, to englishmen; who, of all people living, have the greatest reason to be thoroughly instructed in what it contains; as having, on the one hand, the most to lose; and, on the other, the least sense of their right to it. therefore a sincere desire of instructing the only possessors of true liberty in the world, what right they have to that liberty, of how great a value it is, what misery follows the loss of it, and how easily, if care be taken in time, it may be preserved, has induced me to translate and send abroad this small treatise. and if it either opens the eyes, or confirms the honourable resolutions of any of my worthy countrymen, i have gained glorious end; and done that in my study, which i would have promoted any other way, if i had been called to it. i hope to dye with the comfort of believing, that old england will continue to be a free country, and know its self to be such; that my friends, relations, and children, with their posterity, will inherit their share of this inestimable blessing, and that i have contributed my part to it.i have often wish’d, in regard to my author, that he had omitted his nineteenth chapter, wherein he discovers a great aversion to female-governments; having nothing to say in excuse of him, but that being a lawyer and a frenchmen, he was vindicating the constitution of his country: certain it is (how little favourable soever such governments have proved to france) other nations have never flourish’d more, in good laws, wealth and conquests, than under the administration of women: there are not brighter characters in antiquity, than of semiramis, thalestris, thomiris, zenobia, and many others. i am sure our island in particular has never been able to boast of so much felicity as under the dominion of queens; never been more enriched by commerce, improved by just laws, adorned with more excellent examples of virtue, or more free from all those struggles between prerogative and liberty, which have stained the characters of our otherwise most glorious kings. but providence by yet more extraordinary dispensations, has endeared them to us, by chusing them to be its instruments of pulling down or bridling the proudest empires, which threatned universal ruin. our ancestors under boadicia made that noble effort for liberty, which shook the old roman dominion amongst us. queen elizabeth freed us from the double tyranny of new rome and spain: and the destruction of the present grand oppressor of europe, seems reserved by heaven to reward the piety and virtue of our excellent queen.   



posted by caroline fuchs @ 8:51 am (0) comments  

    


friday, december 01, 2006



	 item of the day: chesterfields’s letters to his son (1774)
    


full title: letters written by the late right honourable philip dormer stanhope, earl of chesterfield, to his son, philip stanhope, esq; late envoy extraordinary at the court of dresden. together with several other pieces on various subjects. published by mrs. eugenia stanhope, from the originals now in her possession. vol. i. dubline: printed by g. faulkner, 1774.letter cxliv.london, february the 7th, o.s. 1749dear boy,your are now come to an age capable of reflection, and i hope you will do, what, however, few people at your age do; exert it, for your own sake, in the search of truth and sound knowledge. i will confess (for i am not unwilling to discover my secrets to you) that it is not many years since i have presumed to reflect for myself. till sixteen or seventeen, i had no reflection; and, for many years after that, i made no use of what i had. i adopted the notions of the books i read, or the company i kept, without examining whether they were just or not; and i rather chose to run the risk of easy error, than to take the time and trouble of investigating truth. thus, partly from laziness, partly from dissipation, and partly from the mauvaise bonte of rejecting fashionable notions, i was (as i since found) hurried away by prejudices, instead of being guided by reason; and quietly cherished error, instead of seeking of rejecting fashionable notions, i was (as i since found) hurried away by prejudices, instead of being guided by reason; and quietly cherished error, instead of seeking for truth. but, since i have taken the trouble of reasoning for myself, and have had the courage to own that i do so, you cannot imagine how much my notions of things are altered, and in how different a light i now see them, from that in which i formerly viewed them, through the deceitful medium of prejudice or authority. nay, i may possibly still retain many errors, which, from long habit, have perhaps grown into real opinions; for it is very difficult to distinguish habits, early acquired and long entertained, from the result of our reason and reflection.my first prejudice (for i do not mention the prejudices of boys and women, such as hobgoblins, ghosts, dreams, spilling salt, &c.) was my classical enthusiasm, which i received from the books i read, and the masters who explained them to me. i was convinced there had been no common sense nor common honesty in the world for these last fifteen hundred yeas; but that they were totally extinguished with the ancient greek and roman governments. homer and virgil could have no faults, because they were ancient; milton and tasso could have no merit, because they were modern. and i could almost have said, with regard to the ancients, what cicero, very absurdly and unbecomingly for a philosopher, says with regard to plato, cum quo errare malim quam cum aliis recte sentire. whereas now, without any extraordinary effort of genius, i have discovered, that nature was the same three thousand years ago, as it is at present; that men were but men than as well as now; that modes and customs vary often, but that human nature is always the same. and i can no more suppose, that men were better, braver, or wiser, fifteen hundred or three thousand years ago, than i can suppose that the animals or vegetables were better then, than they are now. i dare assert too, in defiance of the favourers of the ancients, that homer’s hero, achilles, was both a brute and a scoundrel, and consequently an improper character for the hero of an epic poem; he had so little regard for his country, that he would not act in defence of it, because he had quarreled with agamemnon about a w—e ; and then afterwards, animated by private resentment only, he went about killing people basely, i will call it, because he knew himself invulnerable; and yet, in invulnerable as he was, he wore the strongest armour in the world; which i humbly ap0prehend to be a blunder; for a horse-shoe, clapped to his vulnerable heel, would have been sufficient. on the other hand, with submission to the favourers of the moderns, i assert, with mr. dryden, that the devil is in truth, the hero of milton’s poem; his plan, which he lays, pursues, and at last executes, being the subject of the poem. from all which considerations, i impartially conclude, that the ancients had their excellencies and their defects, their virtues and their vices, just like the moderns; pedantry and affectation of learning, decide clearly in favour of the former; vanity and ignorance, as peremptorily, in favour of the latter. religious prejudices kept pace with my classical ones; and there was a time when i thought i impossible for the honestest man in the world to be saved, out of the pale of the church of england: not considering the matters of opinion do not depend upon the will; and that it is as natural, and as allowable, that another man should differ in opinion from me, as that i should differ from him; and that, if we are both sincere, we are both blameless: and should consequently have mutual indulgence for each other.the next prejudices that i adopted, were those of the beau monde; in which, as i was determined to shine, i took what are commonly called the genteel vices, to be necessary. i had heard them reckoned so, and, without farther inquiry, i believed it; or, at least, should have been ashamed to have denied it, for fear of exposing myself to the ridicule of those whom i considered as the models of fine gentlemen. but i now neither ashamed nor afraid to assert, that those genteel vices, as they are falsely called, are only to many blemishes in the character of even a man of the world, and what is called a fine gentleman, and degrade him in the opinions of those very people, to whom he hopes to recommend himself by them. nay, this prejudice often extends so far, that i have known people pretend to vices they had not, instead of carefully concealing those they had. . . .



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:21 am (0) comments  

    


thursday, november 30, 2006



	 item of the day: travels of anacharsis the younger in greece (1804)
    


full title: travels of anacharsis the younger in greece. during the middle of the fourth century, before the christian era. vol. i. by the abbe barthememi, keeper of the medals in the cabinet of the king of france, and member of the royal academy of inscriptions and belles lettres. translated from the french. vol. i. first american edition. philadelphia: published by jacob johnson & co. . . . , 1804.[the following advertisement is taken from the popular novel by jean jacques barthelemy, which recounts the narrative of anacharsis, a young scythian who travels to greece in the fourth century b.c.]. advertismentby the author. i imagine a scythian, named anacharsis, to arrive in greece, some years before the birth of alexander; and that from athens, the usual place of his residence, he makes several excursions into the neighborring [sic] provinces; every where observing the manners and customs of the inhabitants, being present at their festivals, and studying the nature of their governments; sometimes dedicating his leisure to enquiries relative to the progress of the human mind, and sometimes conversing with the great men who flourished at that time; with epaminondas, phocion, xenophon, plato, aristotle, demosthenes, &c. as soon as he had seen greece enslaved by philip, the father of alexander, he returns to scythia, where he puts in order an account of his travels; and, to prevent any interruption in his narrative, relates in an introduction the memorable events which had passed in greece before he left scythia.the aera i have chosen, which is one of the most interesting that the history of nations presents, may be considered in two points of view. with respect to literature and the arts, it connects the age of pericles with that of alexander. my scythian has conversed with a number of athenians, who had been intimately acquainted with sophocles, euripides, artistophanes, thucydides, socrates, zeuxis, and parrhasius. i have mentioned some of the celebrated writers who were known to him. he has seen the masterly productions of praxiteles, euphranor, and pamphilus, make their appearance, as also the first essays of apelles and protogenes; and in one of the latter years of his stay in greece epicurus and menander were born.under the second point of view, this epocha is not less remarkable. anacharsis was a witness to the revolution which changed the face of greece, and which, some time after, destroyed the empire of the persians. on his arrival, he found the your philip with epaminondas: he afterwards beheld him ascend the throne of macedon; display, in his contests with the greeks, during two and twenty years, all the resources of his genius; and, at length, compel those haughty republicans to submit to power.i have chosen to write a narrative of travels rather than a history, because in such a narrative all is scenery and action; and because circumstantial details may be entered into which are not permitted to the historian. these details, when they have relation to manners and customs, are often only indicated by ancient authors, and have often given occasion to different opinions among modern critics. i have examined and discussed them all before i have made use of them; i have even, on a revisal, suppressed a great part of the, and ought perhaps to have suppressed still more.i began this work in the year 1757, and, since that time, have never intermitted my labours to complete it.* i should not have undertaken it if, less captivated by the beauty of the subject, i had consulted my abilities more than my courage.*these was written about the latter end of 1788, when the original work was published.  



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:28 am (0) comments  

    


wednesday, november 22, 2006



	 item of the day: letters from america (1792)
    


full title: letters from america, historical and descriptive; comprising occurrences from 1769, to 1777, inclusive. by william eddis, late surveyor of the customs, &c. at annapolis, in maryland. london: printed for the author, and sold by c. dilly, in the poultry, mdccxcii. [1792]letter v. annapolis, june 8th, 1770. though we are yet far behind the mother country, with respect of cultivation and improvements, yet, in a comparative view, maryland may boast considerable advantages. the inhabitants are enterprising and industrious; commerce and agriculture are encouraged; and every circumstance clearly evinces, that this colony is making a rapid progress to wealth, power, and population.provisions of every kind, are excellent and plentiful; and the chesapeak [sic], with our numerous rivers, affords a surprising variety of excellent fish. poultry, and wild-fowl, abound amongst the humble cottagers; and beef, mutton, pork, and other provisions, are at least equal to the production of the best british markets.deer, a few years since, were very numerous in the interior settlements; but, from the unfair methods adopted by the hunters, their numbers are exceedingly diminished. these people, whose only motive was to procure the hide of the animal, were dextrous [sic], during the winter season, in tracing their path through the snow; and from the animal’s incapacity to exert speed, under such circumstance, great multitudes of them were annually slaughtered, and their carcases [sic] left in the woods. this practice, however, has been though worthy the attention of the legislature, and an act of assembly has taken place, laying severe penalties on “persons detected in pursuing or destroying deer, within a limited term;” and it is probable, the apprehension of punishment may very greatly restrain, if not totally eradicate an evil founded on cruelty and rapacity.in england, almost every country is distinguished by a peculiar dialect; even different habits, and different modes of thinking, evidently discriminate inhabitants, whose local situation is not far remote: but in maryland, and throughout the adjacent provinces, it is worthy of observation, that a striking similarity of speech universally prevails; and it is strictly true, that the pronunciation of the generality of the people has an accuracy and elegance, that cannot fail of gratifying the most judicious ear.the colonists are composed of adventurers, not only from every district of great britain and ireland, but from almost every other european government, where the principles of liberty and commerce have operated with spirit and efficacy. is it not, therefore, reasonable to suppose, that the english language must be greatly corrupted by such a strange intermixture of various nations? the reverse is, however, true. the language of the immediate descendants of such a promiscuous ancestry is perfectly uniform, and unadulterated; nor has it borrowed any provincial, or national accent, from its british or foreign parentage.for my part, i confess myself totally at a loss to account for the apparent difference, between the colonists and the persons under equal circumstances of education and fortune, resident in the mother country. this uniformity of language prevails not only on the coast, where europeans form a considerable mass of the people, but likewise in the interior parts, where population has made but slow advances; and where opportunities seldom occur to derive any great advantages form an intercourse with intelligent strangers.you, my friend, are seated at the fountain head of literary and political intelligence,  and from you i shall expect frequent, and circumstantial communications. most sincerely do i wish you may be enabled to acquaint me, that the first transaction in the ensuing session of parliament, is a total repeal of acts, which are never likely to be productive of any considerable revenue; and which are esteemed in this country, to have no other tendency but to enforce claims, which the colonists universally consider as impolitic and unconstitutional. how far their sentiments are justly founded, i am by no means competent to determine; but it is a certain fact, that the statute imposing duties on glass, paper, and tea, has undermined the foundation of that cordiality, which the repeal of the stamp act had happily re-established; and it is with the utmost concern, i am necessitated to acquaint you, that a spirit of discontent and opposition is universally predominate in the colonies.   



posted by caroline fuchs @ 8:47 am (0) comments  

    


friday, november 17, 2006



	 item of the day: astronomy explained upon sir isaac newton’s principles.
    


full title: astronomy explained upon sir isaac newton’s principles, and made easy to those who have not studied mathematics. to which are added, a plain method of finding the distances of all the planets from the sun, by the transit of venus over the sun’s disc, in the year 1761. an account of mr. horrox’s observation of the transit of venus in the year 1639: and, of the distances of all the planets from the sun, ad deduced from observations of the transit of venus in the year 1761. seventh edition. by james ferguson. london: printed for w. strahan, j. rivington and sons, t. longman, b. law, g. robinson, t. cadell, j. johnson, j. bew, j. murray, r. baldwin, t. evans, w. lowndes, and c. bent, 1785.astronomy explained upon sir isaac newton’s principles.chap. i.of astronomy in general. 1. of all the sciences cultivated by mankind, astronomy is acknowledged to be, and undoubtedly is, the most sublime, the most interesting, and the most useful. for, by knowledge derived from this science, not only the bulk of the earth is discovered, the situation and extent of the countries and kingdoms upon it is ascertained, trade and commerce carried on to the remotest parts of the world, and the various products of several countries distributed for the health, comfort, and conveniency of its inhabitants; but our very faculties are enlarged  with the grandeur of the ideas it conveys, our minds exalted above the low contracted prejudices of the vulgar, and our understandings clearly convinced, and affected with the conviction of the existence, wisdom, power, goodness, immutability, and superintendency of the supreme being ! so that without an hyperbole, "an undevout astronomer is mad.” 2. from this branch of knowledge we also learn by what means or laws the almighty carries on, and continues the wonderful harmony, order, and connexion observable throughout the planetary system; and are led by very powerful arguments to form this pleasing deduction, that minds capable of such deep researches, not only derive their origin from that adorable being, but are also incited to aspire after a more perfect knowledge of his nature, and a stricter conformity to his will. . . .8. it is no ways probable that the almighty, who always acts with infinite wisdom, and does nothing in vain, should create so many glorious suns, fit for so many important purposes, and place them at such distances from one another, without proper objects near enough to be benefited by their influences. whoever imagines they were created only to give a faint glimmering light to the inhabitants of this globe, must have a very superficial knowledge of astronomy, and a mean opinion of the divine wisdom: since, by an infinitely less exertion of creating power, the deity could have given our earth much more light by one single additional moon.9. instead then of one sun and one world only in the universe, as the unskilful in astonomy imagine, that science discovers to us such an inconceivable number of suns, systems, and worlds, dispersed through boundless space, that if our sun, with all the planets; moons, and comets, belonging to it, were annihilated, they would be no more missed, by an eye that could take in the whole creation, than a grain of sand from the sea-shore. the space they possess being comparatively so small, that it would scarce be a sensible blank in the universe, although saturn, the outermost of our planets, revolves the sun in an orbit of 4884 millions of miles in circumference, and some of our comets make excursions upwards of ten thousand millions of miles beyond saturn’s orbit; and yet, at that amazing distance, they are incomparably nearer to the sun than to any of the stars; as is evident from their keeping clear of the attractive power of all the stars, and returning periodically by virtue of the sun’s attraction.10. from what we know of our own system, it may be reasonably concluded that all the rest are with equal wisdom contrived, situated, and provided with accommodations for rational inhabitants. let us therefore take a survey of the system to which we belong; the only one accessible to us; and from thence we shall be the better enabled to judge of the nature and end of the others systems of the universe. for although there is almost an infinite variety in the parts of the creation, which we have opportunities of examining, yet there is a general analogy running through and connecting all the parts into one scheme, one design, one whole! . . .15. what an august, what an amazing conception, if human imagination can conceive it, does this give the works of the creator! thousands of thousands of suns, multiplied without end, and ranged all around us, at immense distances from each other, attended by ten thousand times ten thousand worlds, all in rapid motion, yet calm, regular, and harmonious, invariably keeping the paths prescribed them; and these worlds peopled with myriads of intelligent beings, formed for endless progression in perfection and felicity!16. if so much power, wisdom, goodness, and magnificence is displayed in the material creation, which is the least considerable part of the universe, how great, how wise, how good must he be, who made and governs the whole!  



posted by caroline fuchs @ 9:18 am (0) comments  

    


friday, november 10, 2006



	 item of the day: pierpont’s the american first class book
    


full title: the american first class book; or, exercises in reading and recitation: selected principally from modern authors of great britain and america: and designed for the use of the highest class in publick and private schools. by john pierpont, minister of hollis-street church, boston: author of airs of palestine, &c. boston: hilliard, gray, little, and wilkins and richardson, lord & holbrook, 1831.preface.this book has been compiled with a special reference to the publick reading and grammar schools of this city. it is the result of an attempt to supply the want—which has long been a subject of complaint among those whom the citizens of boston have charged with the general superintendence of their publick schools, as well as with those who are appointed to the immediate instruction of them—of a book of exercises in reading and speaking better adapted, than any english compilation that has yet appeared, to the state of society as it is in this country; and less obnoxious to complaint, on the ground of its national or political character, than it is reasonable to expect that any english compilation would be, among a people whose manners, opinions, literary institutions, and civil governments, are so strictly republican as our own.but, though the immediate design of this compilation was a limited and local one, it has been borne in mind, throughout the work, that the want, which has been a subject of complaint in this city, must have been still more widely felt; especially by those, in every part of our country, who are attentive to the national, moral, and religious sentiments, contained in the books that are used by their children while learning to read, and while their literary taste is beginning to assume something of the character which it ever afterwards retains.how far the objections, which have been made to other works of this sort, have been obviated in the present selection, it is for others to determine. i willingly leave the decision of this question to the ultimate and only proper tribunal—the publick; to whose kindness, as shown towards one of my efforts, in another department of literature, i am no stranger, and for which i should prove myself ungrateful should i not acknowledge my obligation. –i only hope that the kindness of the publick towards the past, many not have led into presumption and carelessness in regard to the present.in as much, however, as this book departs, in some particulars, from most others of the same general character, it may be expected that the author should assign his reasons for such deviations. these relate principally to the omission of some things that are usually deemed essential to a school-reader; and to the arrangement of the materials of which this is made up.first, then, it may be urged as an objection to this, as a compilation that is to be used by those who are learning to read, that it consists entirely of exercises in reading and speaking, to the exclusion of those rules, the knowledge of which is indispensable to any considerable proficiency in either.i have observed, however, that that part of school-books which consists of brief treatises upon rhetorick, rules for reading, and essays on elocution is, almost uniformly, little worn; --an evidence that it is little used; in other words, that it is of little use. i have construed this fact into an oracular monition not to devote to such rules, treatises, or essays, any part of the present work.the truth probably is, that reading, like conversation, is learned from example rather than by rule. –no one becomes distinguished, as a singer, by the most familiar knowledge of the gamut; so, no one is ever made an accomplished reader or speaker by studying rules for elocution, even though aided by a diagram. there is even less aid derived from rules in reading than singing: for musick is, in a great degree, a matter of strict science; while reading, after the alphabet is learned, is altogether an art: --an art, indeed, which requires a quick perception, a delicate taste, a good understanding, and, especially, a faculty of nicely discriminating and accurately expressing the various shades of an author’s meaning: --but, still, an art that is less capable than musick of being reduced to definitive rules, or of being taught by them.to become a good reader or a good speaker, the best examples of elocution, in these respective departments, must be see, and heard, and studied. the tones that express particular emotions and passions must be caught by the ear. the same organ must inform us what is mean: by the very terms in which all rules must be expressed, --what is meant by a rapid or deliberate enunciation; what by speaking loudly or softly, on a high or low key, with emphasis or in a monotony, distinctly or indistinctly. we may amuse ourselves, if we please, with laying down rules upon these matters, but, till our rules are illustrated by the voice and manner of a good reader, they are totally inoperative; and, when thus illustrated, totally unnecessary. the learner imitates the example of reading which is given in explaining a rule, and the rule itself is forsaken and soon forgotten.it seems to me that the readiest, indeed, the only good way, to teach children to read well, is, to give them the charge of instructers who are themselves good readers, --instructers, who, like teachers of musick, will not content themselves with laying certain rules for regulating the tones, inflexions, and cadences of the voice before your child’s eye, which can neither receive a sound nor give one, but who will address his ear with living instruction, --with the rich and informing melody of the human voice. . . .boston, june, 1823.



posted by caroline fuchs @ 10:52 am (0) comments  

    


friday, november 03, 2006



	 item of the day: whimsical method of punishing libellers in russia.
    


full title: the universal magazine of knowledge and pleasure: containing news, letters, poetry, musick, biography, history, geography, voyages, criticism, translations, philosophy, mathematicks, husbandry, gardening, cookery, chemistry, mechanics, trade, navigation, architecture, and other arts and sciences, which may render it instructive and entertaining to gentry, merchants, farmers and tradesmen: to which occasionally will be added an impartial account of books in several languages and of the state of learning in europe also of the stage, new operas, plays and oratorios. vol. lxi. published monthly according to an act of parliament. london: john hinton.[extracted from the universal magazine for september 1777.]whimsical method of punishing libellers in russia.recommended to the consideration of the british legislature.   everybody knows that the government in russia is arbitrary, and consequently ever watchful over the few daring subjects who presume to make any advances towards that liberty, to which, as natives of the earth, all men seem so duly intitled. the punishment inflicted upon such unconstitutional delinquents is, however, not so severe as one might expect: but, in my opinion, much more exemplary than is to be found in a country celebrated for the equity of its decisions, and the salutary purpose of its laws. –while i resided at moscow, there was a gentleman who thought fit to publish a quarto volume in vindication of the liberties of the subject, grosly reflecting upon the unlimited power of the czar peter, and exposing the iniquity of the whole legislature (if it may be so called) of that empire. the offender was immediately seized by virtue of a warrant signed by one of the principal officers of state; he was tried in a summary way, his book determined to be a libel, and he himself, as the author, condemned to “eat his own words.” this sentence was literally carried into execution on the following day. a scaffold was erected in the most populous part of town; the imperial provost was the executioner, and all magistrates attended at the ceremony. the book was severed from the binding, the margins were cut off, and every leaf was rolled up, as near as i can recollect, in the form of a lottery ticker, when it is taken out of the wheel at guildhall by the blue-coat boy. the author of the libel was then served with them separately by the provost, who put them into his mouth, to the no small diversion of the spectators. the gentleman had received a complete mouthful before he began to chew; but he was obliged, upon pain of the severest bastinado, to swallow as many leaves as the czar’s serjeant surgeon and physician thought it possible for him to do without immediate hazard to his life. as soon as they were pleased to determine that it would be dangerous to proceed, the remainder of the sentence was suspended for that time, and resumed again the next day, at the same place and hour, and strictly conformable to the same ceremony. i remember it was three days before this execution was over; but i attended it constantly, and was convinced that the author had actually swallowed every leaf of the book. thus, i think, he may be very justly to have eaten his own words. some part of this punishment seemed to give the culprit little or no concern; but i could not help observing, that now and then he suffered great torture: which, from an accurate attention, i discovered to arise from particular leaves on which the strongest points of his arguments were printed.on recollecting this mode of execution, i confess i wished it to be adopted by the law of england: for setting aside the ridicule which it naturally brings upon the offender, it contains a spirit of equity that renders it in a particular manner worthy of consideration of the british legislature.an old traveller.   



posted by caroline fuchs @ 9:16 am (0) comments  

    


friday, october 27, 2006



	 item of the day: a defence of the short view of the profaneness and immorality of the english stage, &c.
    


full title: a defence of the short view of the profaneness and immorality of the english stage, &c. being a reply to mr. congreve’s amendments, &c. and to the vindication of the author of the relapse. by jeremy collier. london: printed for s keble, r. sace, and n. hindmarsh, 1699.to the reader.  since the publishing my late view, &c. i have been plentifully rail’d on in print: this give me some reason to suspect the answerers and the cause, are not altogether unlike. had there been nothing but plain argument to encounter, i think i might have ventured my book with them: but being charged with mis-citations and unfair dealing, ‘twas requisite to say something: for honesty is a tender point, and ought not to be neglected.mr. congreve and the author of relapse, being the most eager complainants, and principals in the dispute, i have made it my choice to satisfie them. as the volunteers, they will find themselves affected with the fortune of their friends; and besides, i may probably have an opportunity of speaking farther with them hereafter.notwithstanding the singular management of the poets and the play-house, i have had the satisfaction to perceive, the interest of virtue is not altogether sunk, but that conscience and modesty have still some footing among us. this consideration makes me hope a little farther discovery of the stage may not be unacceptable. the reader then may please to take notice, that the plot and no plot swears at length, and is scandalously smutty and profane. the fool in fashion for the first four acts is liable to the same imputation: something  in swearing abated, caesar borgia, and love in a nunnery, are no better complex’d than the former. as lastly. limberhan, and the soldier’s fortune, are meer prodigies of lewdness and irreligion. if this general accusation appears too hard, i am ready to make it good. ‘twere easy to proceed to many other plays, but possibly this place may not be so proper to enlarge upon the subject.some of the stage-advocates pretend my remarks on their poetry are foreign to the business. on the contrary, i conceive it very defensible to disarm an adversary, if it may be, and disable him from doing mischief.to expose that which would expose religion, is a warrantable way of reprizals. those who paint for debauchery, should have the fucus pull’d off, and the coarseness underneath discover’d. the poets are the aggressors, let them lay down their arms first. we have suffer’d under silence a great while; if we are in any fault, ‘tis because we began with them no sooner. 



posted by caroline fuchs @ 9:57 am (0) comments  

    


wednesday, october 25, 2006



	 item of the day: account of the russian discoveries between asia and america.
    


full title: account of the russian discoveries between asia and america, to which is added, the conquest of siberia, and the history of the transactions and commerce between russia and china. by william coxe. london: printed by j. nichols, for t. cadell, in the strand, 1780.[the following passage is excerpted from a passage in appendix i entitled: extract from the journal of a voyage made by captain krenitzin and lieutenant levasheff to the fox islands, in 1768, 1769, by order of the empress of russia—they sail from kamtchatka—arrive at beering’s and copper islands—reach the fox islands—krenitzin winters at alaxa—levasheff upon unalashka—productions of unalashka—description of the inhabitants of the fox islands—their manners and customs, &c.] the inhabitants of alaxa, umnak, unalaksha, and the neighboring islands, are of a middle stature, tawny brown colour, and black hair. in summer they wear coats (parki*) made of bird skins, over which, in bad weather, and in their boats, they throw cloaks, called kamli, made of thin whale guts. on their heads they wear wooden caps, ornamented with duck’s feathers, and the ears of the sea-animal, called scivutcha or sea-lion: they also adorn these caps with beads of different colours, and with little figures of bone or stone. in the partition of the nostrils they place a pin, about four inches long, made of the bone, or of the stalk of a certain black plant; from the ends of this pin or bodkin they hang, in fine weather and on festivals, rows of beads, one below the other. they thrust beads, and bits of pebble cut like teeth, into holes made in the under-lips. they also wear strings of beads in their ears, with bits of amber, which the inhabitants of the other islands procure from alaxa, in exchange for arrows and kamli.they cut their hair before just above the eyes, and some shave the top of their heads like minks. behind the hair is loose. the dress of the women hardly differens from that of the men, excepting that it is mad of fish-skins. they sew with bone needles, and thread made of fish guts, fastening their work to the ground before them with bodkins. they go with the head uncovered, and the hair cut like that of the men before, but tied up behind in a high knot. they paint their cheeks with strokes of blue and red, and wear nose-pins, beads, and ear-rings like the men; they hang beads round their neck, and checkered strings round their arms and legs.in their persons we should reckon them extremely nasty. they eat the vermin with which their bodies are covered, and swallow the mucus from the nose. having washed themselves, according to custom, first with urine, and then with water, they suck their hand dry. when they are sick, they lie three or four days without food; and if bleeding is necessary, they open a vein with lancets made of flint, and suck the blood.their principal nourishment is fish and whale fat, which they commonly eat raw. they also feed upon sea-wrack and roots, particularly the saran, a species of lily; they eat a herb called kutage, on account of its bitterness, only with fish or fat. they sometimes kindle fire by catching a spark among dry leaves and powder of sulphur: but the most common method is by rubbing two pieces of wood together, in the manner practiced at kamtchatka,** and which vaksel, beering’s lieutenant, found to be in use in that part of north america which he saw in 1741. they are very fond of russian oil and butter, but not of bread. they could not be prevailed to taste any sugar until the commander shewed it home to their wives.the houses of the islanders are huts built precisely in the manner of those in kamtchatka, with the entry through a hold in the middle of the roof. in one of these huts live several families, to the amount of thirty or forty persons. they keep themselves warm by means of whale fat burnt in shells, which they place between their legs. the women set apart from the men. . . .* parki in russian signifies a shirt, the coats of these islanders being made like shirts.** the instrument made us of by the kamtchadals, to procure fire, is a board with several holes, and turned about swiftly, until the wood within the holes begins to burn, where there is tinder ready to catch the sparks. 



posted by caroline fuchs @ 11:51 am (0) comments  

    


friday, october 20, 2006



	 item of the day: steuben’s order of discipline
    


full title: regulations for the order and discipline of the troops of the united states. philadelphia: printed by charles cist, no. 104 north second-street, m,dcc,xciv.c h a p t e r xxiv.of the treatment of the sick.there is nothing which gains an officer the love of his soldiers more than his care of them under the distress of sickness; it is then he has the power of exerting his humanity in providing them every comfortable necessary, and making their situation as agreeable as possible.two or three tents should be set apart in every regiment for the reception of such sick as cannot be sent to the general hospital, or whose cases may not require it. and every company shall be constantly furnished with two sacks, to be filled occasionally with straw, and serve as beds for the sick. these sacks to be provided in the same manner as cloathing [sic] for the troops, and finally issued by the regimental clothier to the captain of each company, who shall be answerable for the same.when a soldier dies, or is dismissed from the hospital, the straw he lay on is to be burnt, and the bedding well washed and aired before another is permitted to use it.the serjeants [sic] and corporals shall every morning at roll-call give a return of the sick of their respective squads to the first serjeant, who must make out one for the company, and lose no time in delivering it to the surgeon, who will immediately visit them, and order such as he thinks proper to the regimental hospital; such whose cases require their being sent to the general hospital, he is to report immediately to the surgeon general, or principal surgeon attending the army.once every week (and oftener when required) the surgeon will deliver the commanding officer of the regiment a return of the sick of the regiment, with their disorders, distinguishing those in the regimental hospital, from those out of it.when a soldier is sent to the hospital, the non-commissioned officer of his squad shall deliver up his arms and accoutrements to the commanding officer of the company, that they may be deposited in the regimental arm-chest.when a soldier has been sick, he must not be put on duty till he has recovered sufficient strength, of which the surgeon should be judge.the surgeons are to remain with their regiments as well as on a march as in camp, that in case of sudden accidents they may be at hand to apply the proper remedies.



posted by caroline fuchs @ 9:53 am (0) comments  

    


friday, october 13, 2006



	 item of the day: proceedings of the french national convention on the trial of louis xvi.
    


full title: proceedings of the french national convention on the trial of louis xvi. late king of france and navarre; to which are added, several interesting occurrences and particulars attending the treatment, sentence and execution of the ill-fated monarch; the whole carefully collected from authentic documents, and republished with additions, from the paper of the world. by joseph trapp, a.m. london: printed for the author; sold by messrs. murray, kearsley, and wenman and co. fleet-street; ridgway, york-street, st. james’s; deighton, holborn; downes, and m’queen, strand; and at the world office, 1793.from the moment louis xvi. had attempted to fly the kingdom, and was brought back from varennes to paris, a continual torrent of misfortunes rushed upon him, which nothing could stop till it had swept away the tide of his wretched existence. the generality of the inhabitants of paris, excited by the leading members of the legislative assembly, seduced from their principles by the licentiousness of the press, by means of which every effort was used to denigrate the character of the unfortunate prince and his family, were now quite against him, and sought eagerly for opportunities to insult and grieve him, and to ill-treat those individuals who were determined to remain his friends and loyal subjects. emigration—the conduct of the french princess at foreign courts—the invasion of the french territories by the combined armies—the massacres on the 10th of august and those which followed in the beginning of september, soured still more the public opinion against the king; he became the object in whom all their hatred and resentment concentrated. he and his family were confined in the temple, royalty was abolished, a national convention convened, and france declared a republic. not the smallest traces of royalty were left behind; the crown, scepter, and other insignia of royalty were broke and sent to the mint, and every statue, or monument of kings, wantonly destroyed; even the ashes of the dead were insulted by those profane innovators, they were taken out of the quiet tomb, and burnt or scattered in the most disgraceful manner. for the name of king, that of tyrant substituted; morality and good order fled from the kingdom; the ministers of the altar were most rigorously prosecuted, and those who had not the good fortune to fly, fell victims to their principles. the new created national convention did every thing to propagate their principles of modern philosophy; they insulted the very name of religion, and by so doing dissolved every tie of morality among the vulgar, who abandoned themselves to the most profligate and iniquitous excesses. when royalty had been abolished, commissaries were sent to the temple to signify the decree to the king; he heard his degradation without distorting a feature of his countenance; and when he was ordered to give up his star and ribband, he resigned them cheerfully; from that moment he was treated as a common individual, not with compassion but with rudeness, and consummate cruelty. in the beginning, the king’s confinement was not close, and he could walk about the temple, but on sunday the 30th of september, the council general of the commons of paris, who were entrusted with the safety of royal captives, ordered the following decree to be put into execution at 11 o’clock in the evening;that louis xvi. be immediately conducted to the great tower of the temple, and confined in a private room.that antoinette be separated from her husband, and confined in a separate cell.that they be deprived of the use of pens, paper, ink, pencils, books, offensive and defensive arms, all the plate, and every other article not absolutely necessary.that their valet be put under arrest.that the citizen hebert be joined to the five commissaries already appointed to guard the prisoners.the council authorize the said commissaries to execute this order instantly, and impower [sic] them to use every means that their prudence will suggest, for the safety of these hostages of the combination of tyrants.  



posted by caroline fuchs @ 9:35 am (0) comments  

    








contributors

caroline fuchs
rebecca dresser




is this your first visit?
please visit here for an introduction to the reading room
cuny essay competition
we are pleased to announce the winners of our 2006 essay competition -- tied for first place are jason turetsky and michael brenes third place is given to justin mugits sam shiff, simona pop and talise gaynor have been awarded honorable mention. thank you to everyone who submitted to our 2006 competition. click here for 2007 submission requirements.
upcoming events
dec. 8, 2pm -- dr. michael gamer, university of pennsylvania, "waverley and the object of (literary) history," presented by the eighteenth-century interdisciplinary group


find us
the 18th-century reading room is located within the mina rees library at the city university of new york graduate center, 365 fifth ave., ny, ny 10016-4036. please see our access policy for details.
search us
search the database
e-mail us
special collections librarian caroline fuchs
english fellow carrie shanafelt
history fellow rebecca dresser
call us
212.817.7085
feed us
add us to your favorite feed reader
browse us





online resources

mina rees library
cuny graduate center
early modern resources
voice of the shuttle
literary resources on the net by j. lynch
project gutenberg
the online books page
uva's electronic text center
proceedings of the old bailey (1674-1834)
archive for the eighteenth-century
the johnson dictionary project
library of congress eighteenth-century special collection
mrs. spectator's coffeehouse
c18-l at penn state
renaissance lit resource blog
the long eighteenth

previous posts

please visit our new site
item of the day:  sketches of the history of man (...
(january 12th, 2007) item of the day: barclay’s ap...
item of the day: the complaint; or, night thoughts...
item of the day:  mrs. trollope's manners of the a...
item of the day: gibbon's decline and fall of the ...
walpole's private correspondence
item of the day: the general history of the wars o...
item of the day: dunlap’s memoirs of the life of g...
item of the day: franco-gallia (1711)

archives

june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007




<< edublog  list >>














 


