






kx consignment | the triangle's best & largest consignment sale




























home
sell
shop
tagging service
schedule & location
work & shop 1st
exhibitors
faq
contact us
login
 


select page


  
 
 














the triangle's #1 consignment event
next sale 
  july 14 – 21
free admission
register to shopregister to sell













join our email list

stay up to date with news and future sale notices!

register to work and shop 1st

work a shift with us and shop 1st! 
…before both sellers and the public!




next sale: july 14 - 21


day(s)

:


hour(s)

:


minute(s)

:


second(s)













account login
access your seller’s account here and start printing your tags!







i

next sale
get ready for our next sale beginning:
july 14 – 21 









invite a friend!
invite a friend to sell & you  shop early on wednesday night!








about us

in 1997, two sisters (julie blaising and amy winstead) and their mother (doris o’dell) stumbled across a recession proof, pro-community industry. through ‘trial & error’, they capitalized on the market and built their flagship sale in raleigh nc into the largest consignment event in the nation. from the beginning, they have felt blessed to be able to serve the community in a tangible way. they believe that god has opened the door for them to serve others and strive to honor christ in all they do. they have been overwhelmed by the support & loyalty of thousands of sellers, hundreds of work exchangers & 20,000+ shoppers who attend their bi-annual events. the founders are very grateful for the loyal of the kids exchange community. 









sponsors








www.amywinstead.properties



































what's the mission of the  kids exchange? 
kids exchange sales exist to enhance the lives of everyone our events touch. we strive to provide a way for families to meet their financial needs by selling items they no longer need. we encourage financial responsibility by providing shoppers with a way to buy gently used items at bargain prices. we promote generosity and ‘giving back’ through our ‘work exchange’ program where parents serve parents. we provide for those less fortunate by donating unsold items for people in need in our communities and around the world. at the end of the day, if what we do does not provide a positive influence on those around us, we have failed. it is our goal to succeed!
buy – sell – serve
~the ultimate recycle!

where is the sale located?
north carolina state fairgrounds1025 blue ridge road raleigh, nc 27607(919) 821-7400click here for directions

 how can i get started as a seller?
anyone can sell with kx. sellers make 2/3 of their asking price. we are thrilled to bring this extra source of revenue to parents in our community!

 can i dontate items?
the kx is honored to work with sellers in giving back to those in need in our community. sellers have the option to pick up unsold items or donate to a worthy cause. kx sales around the nation have given millions of dollars to families both locally and around the world. we are humbled by this opportunity to serve others and invite you to join us.








|




what moms are saying






the kids exchange is too awesome for words! there are so many ways for families to benefit. first, sell anything your kids have outgrown or do not use anymore, including clothes, toys, accessories, furniture, bedding, books, videos, everything! second, shop for the greatest deals on everything that has to do with kids. third, sign up in the ‘work exchange program’ – give your time for a great head start on the shopping. and last, donate your unsold items to a great cause. what a great experience it has been for me! i keep coming back for more!
— pam gurganus








a christian environment that provides moms like me, with multiple children, an opportunity to find great items at great prices, work with other mothers while making friends and even clean out my closets for some extra spending cash, what more could a mom want? don’t miss it!
— donna roman








the best and largest kids consignment for sellers and shoppers. very organized and an overwhelming amount of anything and everything kid. plan to spend the day and bring your wagon to carry all of your great finds. 
— monica black
click here









i’ve been going to the kids exchange sale since july 2013. i keep each sale on my calendar and for me it’s like a holiday! i’ve gotten everything from clothes, feeding items, toys, books, videos, and school items. with three boys under five this sale and the savings mean everything. look no further when wanting to provide the best for less for your family, this sale has it all!

— jessie cumbee 
click here












 



























