

























home - shield













































 
join mailing




homechildren & adolescentstake a virtual tourchildren & adolescentspreschool programschool age programarticle 16 cliniccommunity habilitation servicesparent training grant programadultsadultscommunity habilitation servicesday habilitation servicespure vision arts supplemental group day habilitation serviceswork training program and supported employmentarticle 16 clinicnews & eventsnewslettersupcoming eventspast eventsfaces of the shieldvideoscareer opportunitiescontact uscall usabout usmissionboard membersstaff developmentcorporate complianceny electronic postings law





enabling children and adults with intellectual and developmental challenges to lead full, meaningful lives. 



educating and supporting new yorkers for almost 100 years 



individualized programs to meet the needs for children of all abilities. 

 

by working with families and communities, we help enable children and adults with autism spectrum disorder (asd) and intellectual/developmental disabilities to lead full, meaningful lives that include a chance to work and contribute. everyone has valuable talents and abilities. and everyone matters. we seek to transform the way communities and societies understand, relate to, and support citizens with intellectual and developmental disabilities. by honoring diversity in values, heritages, abilities, and interests, we help to ensure that people with disabilities enjoy the same rights and opportunities as everyone else. learn more




what we do



programs

the shield institute provides new york state contracted services to preschool children, ages 3-5, school age children ages 5 – 21, and to adults with lifelong disabilities, 21 years of age and older. our programs are highly individualized to meet the unique developmental learning and social needs for people of all abilities.


unique services

the shield institute is proud of its reputation to develop programs in response to recognized needs from our students, the people in our programs and their families. our grants and unique programs provide a focus on specialized services that are needed.


pure vision arts (pva)

this unique studio is manhattan’s first specialized art studio and exhibition space for artists with autism spectrum disorder (asd) and intellectual/developmental disabilities. pva provides studio space, art materials, exhibition opportunities, and career development for beginning, emerging and established artists. pure vision arts also serves as a resource and consultation center for artists, educators, art collectors  and curators.  purevisionarts.org






news & events



past event
getting ready for school

 
september 10, 2019

                    in celebration of the new year, the shield institute is coming together with our elected officials to offer school supplies to our diverse community.
join our executive director, dr. susan provenzano, board president lori reinsberg, and our elected officials as we help our families and students in the district prepare for school.                                     


past event
2019 disability pride parade

 
july 14, 2019

                    2019 disability pride parade, bringing awareness, visibility and inclusion to our individuals with developmental and intellectual disabilities.                                    


past event
supporting our community and partnering with our elected officials

 
june 30, 2019

                    the shield staff proudly marched with new york state governor cuomo at the world pride nyc event.                                    



 view all 






home
children & adolescents
adults
news & events
contact us
about us
donor dashboard
 

careers
ways to give
join mailing list
 


facebook
twitter







                photographer: gerardo somoza gerardophoto.com

 ©  the shield institute



 









