


 









fishock









































 

 













    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    





 








 





our family of brands




        skip to content    



shopping
cart



















 

 


rewards points
learn more »



rewards





account




sign in to

your account










 

electric fencing supplies »


 

trap & kill flying insects »


 

caring control for wildlife »


 

mosquito control »


 

wild bird & hummingbird feeders »


 

organic lawn care & pest control 


 

home insect control »


 

rodent control »





toggle nav

















    products




    view all




chargers

ac (plug-in)
dc (battery)
solar

solution finder
garden products


insulators

t-post
wood
corner post
round
chain link
all insulators »



wire

high tensile
insulated
aluminum
steel

posts



poly fence

polywire
polyrope
polytape

posts

parts & accessories
garden products
solution finder
bargain barn





 


compare chargers:
compare chargers »



 


zareba® elite electric  polybraid fence
40x more conductive than  stainless steel polyrope
shop now



 


bargain barn
today's best deals






 





    advice




    view all




installation guide

grounding rods
fence wire
fence charger
more guides »

how electric fencing works


advice by animal

cattle
horses
sheep & goats
pigs & hogs
garden pests
more animals »



how electric fencing works
compare fence supplies
find the right energizer
article and tips
video library





 


seasonal fence care »



 


fence grounding: the key to success



 


having issues with your fence?
troubleshooting guide »





 





    support




    view all




855-5-zareba
support
accessibility statement

 







search


 

search






search











 



                        account                    


 






                    home                


fishock
































 









our brands











fi-shock® electric fence chargers and electric fence accessories
since 1968, fi-shock® has delivered electric fencing to consumers across north america while promising a broad selection of quality products at competitive prices. zareba® is currently in the process of integrating fi-shock® electric fence products into the zareba® product line. this means the same fi-shock® products that are ideal for farms, pet enclosures and containing a wide variety of livestock, including swine and horses can be found as zareba® products. from hammering the first fence post into place, to making the final charger connection, zareba® has everything you need to assemble your electric fence. 
shop insulators » shop wire » shop polyfence » shop accessories »
why fi-shock® products are the right choice
fi-shock® has provided electric fencing for the homeowners, hobby farms and the livestock industry since the 1960s. with that experience, fi-shock® has a proven track record for quality products and unparalleled customer service. to maintain that reputation, zareba® is continuing the tradition of fi-shock®, and continue to remain focused on its four core values: 

offer a broad selection of products – with so much variation in how an electric fence can be assembled, it’s important to provide a selection of products to match those needs. that’s why zareba® offers so many options – to help you assemble a fence to cover any terrain or contain any animal.
provide expertise and support – zareba®, along with its sister brands, offers a variety of resources that can assist all of our consumers – from the hobby farmer just starting out to a seasoned farmer who spends all day in the pasture. zareba® brings you helpful articles on the electric fencing  learning center, informative videos on youtube, the latest information from facebook and our e-newsletter. if you need help or advice with your electric fence, you’ll be able to get it!
focus on quality products – as it has from its founding, fi-shock® prided itself in providing the highest quality fence chargers and electric fence supplies. that’s why to this day, zareba® offers durable and reliable products that are backed by a worry-free shopping policy. certain products are also eligible for extended warranties when properly registered.
continue to innovate – fi-shock® first entered the marketplace with a product called the fido-shock, an electric charger designed to keep dogs from knocking over metal trash cans. since that time, it has continued to innovate the animal control and electric fencing market. rely on zareba® to keep on top of the latest technology advances while continuing to serve the people who have come to rely on fi-shock®.












newsletter
expert news & advice learn more »














  




 



helpful resources
contact us
about us
accessibility statement


privacy policy
press releases
california privacy notice
  your privacy choices 
 

 









© 2024 woodstream corporation, inc. all rights reserved.
29 e. king street, lancaster, pa 17602













 








by continuing to use our website you are agreeing to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. by using our website, you agree to our privacy policy and our cookies policy.
learn more


i agree








 

visit ourcanadian store







sign up now »



 

