???





military and government awards






                    military and government awards and gifts
				






 




 


  







 

 


 

 


 




 
















		for customers with "special order" pages, please enter your username and password.  (username is the same as the password assigned to you.)


some sample products below.  click links on top bar to take you to plaques and coffee mugs


  

military figures
			  
government plaques

laser wood frames

7th engineer battalionmemorial plaque
	


  














welcome to military and government awards



military and government awards is a veteran owned business that got it's start on the internet over 20 years ago as trophy express, a retail awards and engraving store
 that we owned for over 25 years in yucca valley, california.  our online store has always been dedicated to military, local, state, and federal government awards and gifts.
   we try to offer as many usa made products as possible at the lowest possible prices and to provide quick order turnaround times. to our loyal customers, we would like to thank you
    for your continued support.  
thank you,
chris and linda hale
owners of military and government awards


 
 
we ship to all apo-fpo-dpo addresses!


    we will be closed until after christmas do to covid 19.  if we can open sooner, we will let 
 you know via this message. sorry for any inconvenience  please check back or call us (760)228-1080





new!rosewood shieldclick to view
new!laser + colorclick to view
new!desk name plateswood pen setsclick to view

click to view

click to view


click to view

special!6x8 simulated oak laser
"thank you for your service" plaque$24.95eashipping included

lclick to view

new!hi-definition eagle plaques 7x9simulated or real walnut

if you are only interested in one of our logos printed on a 4in aluminum disk and/or a 5 1/4in gold wreath holder thenclick here!

special order only!call to order

click to view

new!stars and stripes acrylic




 
 

shopping cart










personalized military coffee mugs

 

personalized license frames
			  





                  new ceramic stein coffee mug for military, government and civilian logosthis stein is available on any of our coffee mug pages.  just "click the stein"
               
                  
 
 
 


 


duns # 026695252cage code 71l15




 

payment processing 






 


 
military & governmentawardsp.o. box 2495yucca valleycalifornia92286(760)365-8142hours: mon-fri 9am-4pmpacific time



 
 
 






we are a veteran owned small business that supports our men and women in the armed services - this page was last changed friday, november 9, 2018 copyrightâ©2001-2018 military and government awards


 




