










etc – environmental traveling companions










































about

mission
history
team
join our team
volunteer
partnerships
etc’s impact


adventures

sea kayak
whitewater raft
cross-country ski
youth lead
shared adventures
custom and  corporate adventures


get involved

make-a-ripple fundraiser gala!
donate
ways to give
volunteer
corporate and custom adventures
sea trek regatta


resources

environmental education
stewardship
outdoor access


blog
 


guide site


donate









 


											save the date for the make-a-ripple gala!																may 4, 2025








grow stronger through adventure
nature is a great equalizer. environmental traveling companions (etc) opens the world of outdoor adventure to people with disabilities and youth from under-resourced backgrounds.

learn more about etc














paddle your way through nature
sea kayaking inspires us to connect with nature in an intimate way. paddle through the waves or relax and observe the beauty of the bay with its diverse marine habitat.

discover etc kayaking trips














experience whitewater rafting
hold on to your paddle and let the adventure begin! whether rafting through exciting whitewater or resting in calm pools, the river takes you on a journey full of magical memories.

explore etc rafting trips














build leadership  skills
build leadership skills, learn about environmental justice and stewardship in a diverse community of young leaders. join etc’s youth lead program!

explore etc’s youth lead program














glide through  a winter wonderland
join etc for a magical winter adventure along the ski trails of bear valley, followed by relaxed time with friends around the fire in a cozy cabin.

explore etc winter trips




















brad coyle memorial  far-flung fund

donate






join the adventure
proud to be a national leader of accessible outdoor adventures since 1972, the etc team invites you to join us in exploring nature’s wonders.








kayak  the bay









raft whitewater









be a youth leader









ski cross-country









custom adventure 









adventure beyond






explore program details















changing lives for over four decades
adventuring through thousands of miles
on rivers, bays, and trails, our participants and partners tell it best.

read about etc’s impact









who we are
etc’s passionate and talented team brings
dreams of adventure to life.

learn more about us














community, one story at a time
read about etc’s tales of transformation as our participants explore the great outdoors.





 



introducing gracie and posie!
etc is delighted to introduce the new leaders of our sea kayak program!…






 



a spotlight on liliana beleche
liliana ‘lili’ beleche loves the etc youth lead program (ylp) because she’s found…






 



get to know new executive director aimee good!
kayaking in the san francisco and tomales bays has brought etc’s new executive…





explore more blog posts







getting involved, change lives
we know that one size doesn’t fit all. etc offers tons of ways for you to join our community and make a difference. donate. become a volunteer. host a fundraising trip. sponsor an event. together, we’ll find the perfect fit for you.

discover ways to get involved
















join our mailing list




2 marina boulevard fort mason center, suite c385san francisco, ca 94123
environmental traveling companions is a 501c3 non-profit that relies on donations to support our mission.




follow us







contact
join our team
privacy policy
990 tax document




2 marina boulevard fort mason center, suite c385san francisco, ca 94123
environmental traveling companions is a 501c3 non-profit that relies on donations to support our mission.















guide site login
please enter password to view the guide site




please enter password.
invalid password.






for login issues, please contact us at info@etctrips.org.
















