





































factcheck.org - a project of the annenberg public policy center









































facebook



twitter



tumblr



close











skip to main content











            factcheck.org®


a project of the annenberg public policy center













































              factcheck.org®



home
articles

featured posts
factcheck posts
scicheck
en español
2024 elections
players guide 2024
debunking viral claims


ask a question

ask factcheck
ask scicheck


donate
topics

president trump
joe biden
health
coronavirus
immigration
climate change
view all


about us

our mission
our process
our funding
our staff
undergraduate fellows
awards
request a correction
contact us


search
more

viral claims
subscribe
instagram
threads
youtube
x (twitter)
facebook
tiktok
factcheck on the air
mailbag


 
















 




 trump wrong about u.s. rank in education spending and outcomes 









 factchecking rfk jr.’s other health claims during hhs confirmation hearings 









 what to know about trump’s executive order on wind energy 









 tiktok and u.s. national security 









 rfk jr. cites flawed paper claiming link between vaccines and autism in hhs confirmation hearing 







previous



next



musk misleads on fema’s migrant-related payments to new york city


 



            february 13, 2025          


this week, new york city officials said the city had received two payments from the federal government as reimbursement for expenses the city incurred while providing services to migrants who arrived in new york, including $19 million for hotel expenses. but elon musk, head of the department of government efficiency, claimed, without evidence, that $59 million “meant for american disaster relief” was sent to “luxury hotels.”





trump, online posts misrepresent government subscriptions to news services


 



            february 13, 2025          


both the biden and trump administrations subscribed to politico and other news services. but president donald trump and online posts have misleadingly claimed the media outlets were being funded by the u.s. agency for international development. the payments from usaid and other federal departments or agencies were for subscriptions.





trump on u.s. imports of oil and lumber


 



            february 11, 2025          


days before he ordered, and then paused, new tariffs on u.s. imports from canada and mexico, president donald trump argued that the u.s. does not need imported products such as crude oil and lumber from those countries. experts told us it’s not that simple. 





sorting out the facts on ‘waste and abuse’ at usaid


 



            february 8, 2025          


as president donald trump’s administration targets the u.s. agency for international development for closure or major downsizing, the white house and social media posts have highlighted four projects as examples of the agency’s “waste and abuse.” but only one was funded by usaid.





trump wrong about u.s. rank in education spending and outcomes


 



            february 7, 2025          


as justification for dismantling the federal department of education, president donald trump has repeatedly claimed that u.s. schools are “ranked 40 out of 40” in educational outcomes compared with other countries, while the u.s. “ranked no. 1 in cost per pupil.” neither claim is accurate.





factchecking rfk jr.’s other health claims during hhs confirmation hearings


 



            february 6, 2025          


here, we explain the facts behind several more of robert f. kennedy jr.’s claims during his two senate hearings as nominee for health and human services secretary.





social media posts misidentify pilot killed in midair collision over d.c.


 



            february 5, 2025          


the u.s. army identified one of the black hawk helicopter pilots killed in the midair crash with a passenger jet on jan. 29 as capt. rebecca m. lobach. but social media posts have falsely identified two different women to claim the pilot was either a transgender woman or a former white house press aide.





what to know about trump’s executive order on wind energy


 



            february 5, 2025          


on his first day in the oval office, president donald trump signed an executive order that attempts to slow the growth in the country’s wind generation capacity. we’ll explain what the order did and what trump has said about wind energy.





tiktok and u.s. national security


 



            february 3, 2025          


in his first term, president donald trump tried to force tiktok’s parent company to sell its popular app or cease operating in the u.s. but in his return to the oval office, trump delayed enforcement of a law that would have forced tiktok to shut down. we’ll summarize the facts about tiktok and the national security concerns about it in the u.s.





no evidence for the political finger-pointing over d.c. plane crash


 



            january 31, 2025          


after the deadly collision between a passenger plane and a u.s. army helicopter in washington, d.c., politicians and political commentators were quick to cast blame. president donald trump suggested diversity initiatives within the federal aviation administration were at fault for the crash, and his critics pointed to a hiring freeze that trump instituted on jan. 20.







1
2
3
»next page
424




ask factcheck
q: did former president joe biden issue a statement saying that he thought the equal rights amendment should be considered part of the constitution?
a: yes. on one of his last days in office, biden published a statement supporting the era, but it has no legal effect.
read the full question and answer view the ask factcheck archiveshave a question? ask us.


donate now
because facts matter.


 
 





scicheck's covid-19/vaccination project
preempting and exposing vaccination and covid-19 misinformation.




 





proyecto de vacunación/covid-19
precaviendo y exponiendo la desinformación sobre el covid-19 y sus vacunas




 





scicheck
fact-checking science-based claims.




 





facebook initiative
debunking viral claims.




 





players guide 2024
the special interest groups behind the tv ads.




 





viral spiral
don’t get spun by internet rumors.




 





sign up
get free email alerts.




 





mailbag
letters from our readers.




 





on the air
our staff on tv and radio.




 





newsfeed defenders
a media literacy game to detect misinformation.
















archives
privacy
copyright policy
contact us
report accessibility issues and get help
 
© copyright 2025 factcheck.org ®a project of the annenberg public policy center of the university of pennsylvania











