








mendocino coast oceanfront lodging | elk cove inn bed and breakfast
























































































































skip to content








707-877-3321 

book nowcontactmap 














 dining reservationsaboutoverviewbreakfastpet-friendlyactivitiespresspurchase gift certificatesgift shopelk coast historylodgingall suites & roomsavailabilitypoliciesada room4 oceanfront jr. suites4 cliffside cottages2 carriage house rooms6 mansion rooms12 pet-friendly roomsproperty mapspecialsreservationsrestaurantspaweddingswedding packagesphoto gallerydining reservationsaboutoverviewbreakfastpet-friendlyactivitiespresspurchase gift certificatesgift shopelk coast historylodgingall suites & roomsavailabilitypoliciesada room4 oceanfront jr. suites4 cliffside cottages2 carriage house rooms6 mansion rooms12 pet-friendly roomsproperty mapspecialsreservationsrestaurantspaweddingswedding packagesphoto gallerydining reservationsaboutoverviewbreakfastpet-friendlyactivitiespresspurchase gift certificatesgift shopelk coast historylodgingall suites & roomsavailabilitypoliciesada room4 oceanfront jr. suites4 cliffside cottages2 carriage house rooms6 mansion rooms12 pet-friendly roomsproperty mapspecialsreservationsrestaurantspaweddingswedding packagesphoto gallery 










 





reader's choice award 
							
 


 


#1 of 77 b&bs in mendocino county 
							
 


"perched above the driftwood-strewn beach" 
							sunset magazine 
							 


recommended by destination weddings magazine 
							 


"best b&b on the coast ..." 
							travel & leisure 
							 





 




welcomeinnlight2025-02-07t23:31:01-08:00

mendocino coast bed & breakfast innelk cove inn, restaurant & spa
“looking for a cozy getaway? northern california is home to one of the best bed-and-breakfast spots in the nation, according to usa today.” 
~ sacramento bee, october 2024
discover one of the most romantic boutique hotels on the northern california coast – 150 miles north of san francisco; 25 miles south of mendocino. this one-of-a-kind, ocean view mendocino coast inn is part bed and breakfast, part homestead and sustainable farm.
the elk cove team goes above and beyond to offer a home away from home experience with unpretentious comfort, complete amenities, beautiful gardens and grounds, breakfast in bed, michelin star type food and a day spa. be prepared to relax, unwind, and recharge.
not far from napa and sonoma, a drive on california’s route 128 takes you through the anderson valley — home to popular wineries and champagne cellars — then leads you through a magnificent redwood forest to the pacific ocean and on to the majestic elk cove inn situated on the most breathtaking route of california’s highway one.
elk cove inn is a favorite for romantic getaways, honeymoons and anniversaries, people who travel with their pets, girlfriend getaways, lgbt travelers, spa retreats, marriage proposals, elopements, weddings … reunions and business gatherings! we enjoy a steady stream of those who travel by bicycle and motorcycle. and we’ve become a popular destination for singles who come for beauty and serenity and stay for the inclusive vibe of friendship.
check our availability calendar ~ call us or book online
new! we are offering a tour of our homestead thursday through monday at 11.00am.
romantic rooms in historic mansion
relaxing rooms in oceanfront cottages
spectacular ocean view suites
featured articles

elk cove inn & spa
this cliffside 19th century craftsman-style mansion is now a bed and breakfast with vertiginous views of the pacific. the rooms are beautifully designed, some even featuring ocean views, fireplaces, and luxurious en suite bathrooms. it’s hard to compete with the views, but the fine dining menu at the restaurant is a start (even if the furniture is a bit outdated). start your day with an indulgent breakfast, complete with champagne. the property also offers a cozy guest lounge, a rooftop deck with panoramic views, a rejuvenating day spa, and a charming beachfront gazebo. (august 2023 issue)
elk cove inn on cabbi.com as one of 12 most pet friendly boutique hotels & b&bs in california.
featured in walnut creek magazine 2023
press democrat features elk cove inn, restaurant & spa
press democrat: romantic getaways on the mendocino coast
included in your stay …
welcome gift basket.
champagne with our delicious complimentary breakfast.
a social hour on weekends from 4.30 to 5.30pm with bonfire, wine, cheese and games.
complimentary concierge services.
wi-fi throughout the property.
satellite tv available in most rooms.
local and long distance phone calls in u.s. and canada.
and the best ocean views on the mendocino coast!
more about elk cove inn
book direct for the best rates on the internet
book your stay at elk cove inn by using our online booking page or by calling 707-877-3321.
others (like expedia, booking.com and tripadvisor) claim to have the best rates for elk cove inn.
be assured, they don’t!
***
“perfect stay for us! amazing service and amenities! we will definitely be back! the room was comfortable and had everything we needed, with luxury touches throughout, including spectacular breakfasts and evening treats delivered to your door. easy walk to downtown shops and restaurants.”
~ june 2022, tripadvisor
ocean view dining
our sibo restaurant is open to the public. 
we also offer outdoor dining and in-room dining for our overnight guests. 

*
our in-house chef, victor passalacqua will undoubtedly give you a memorable experience of french eclectic cuisine. before joining our team in elk, victor owned and operated various restaurants in miami, fl.and was on the culinary board of miami dade culinary institute. together with his wife melissa, who is a certified sommelier and a wine educator, they excel in the art of pairing food and wine, and hope to bring the best of both to your table.
“food and hospitality here are stellar, led by (chef) victor’s partner and wife, melissa boon, who is not only a qualified sommelier but someone who makes everyone who enters the inn never want to leave again.”
 ~ palate press, september 2023
visit our restaurantproposals, elopements, weddings
imagine an enchanted northern california coast wedding. standing with your beloved under the gingerbread roof of the gazebo or on the beach with the pacific ocean spreading out to the horizon beyond is an unforgettable setting for that most special moment. who wouldn’t want to be married here on the mendocino coast? it’s soulful, very romantic. you take away with you a gift that lasts the rest of your life.
“exchange vows against the breathtaking backdrop of the pacific ocean at mendocino’s elk cove inn & spa.”
~ elk cove inn featured for elopements on cabbi.com
plan your special day
“we stayed here this past march, 2022. i don’t normally write reviews. but three months later i’m still thinking about our time there. it was wonderful! we flew out from north carolina into san francisco. the drive up the pacific coast highway is beautiful but not easy and quite long. we stayed in the seascape room in the main mansion. every detail, from the delicious breakfast brought to your room each morning, the in-room coffee, wine and port service to the charming decor was special. the whole atmosphere was casual and elegant all at the same time. especially notable was the staff. they were attentive, cheerful and happy. they love what they do and love where they are. getting to the inn is not easy and the inn is pricey. but staying there is worth every mile and every dollar. we can’t wait to go back! thank you melissa, victor and all the staff!!” – darlene, tripadvisor
read more reviews




 
 





 elk cove inn, restaurant & spa
6300 s. highway one
elk, ca 95432
1-800-275-2967
1-707-877-3321
send an email
www.elkcoveinn.com

 










 sign up for specials & events!
info@elkcoveinn.com

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design & photography: innlight marketing | accessibility statement 



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





welcome to elk cove inn … since 1968 it’s all yours. one of the most spectacular views on the mendocino coast. nestled in peaceful seclusion atop a bluff overlooking a mile of dramatic beachfront, the elk cove inn’s craftsman-style mansion was built in 1883 by the l.e. white lumber co. as the mill superintendent’s home. it became one of the first bed & breakfast inns on the mendocino coast in 1968. the inn is set back from the road, surrounded by native trees, a creek and the ocean, with private stairs to the driftwood-strewn beach below.
watch migrating whales and otters at play just steps from your room or from the inn’s signature gazebo. or descend the inn’s private stairs to stroll on the beach. relax in the hands of the north coast’s finest, professional therapists at our european-style day spa. day or night, there is simply no better spot to relax and reconnect. local shops and restaurants are within easy walking distance. historic mendocino village, fabulous anderson valley wineries, lighthouses and dramatic redwood forests are just a short drive away.
the elk coast is comprised of four coastal hamlets: north greenwood, elk and manchester. adding to its splendor is the stornetta lands national monument, 25 minutes south of elk cove inn.

 






 
 
page load link































































































go to top






