










moss funeral home














































(618) 526-7144locations • send condolences • floral & gifts

home
obituaries

view obituaries
prior 2012 archived obituaries
obituary notifications


resources

funeral arrangement
floral & gifts
common questions
send condolences


our services

traditional funeral
advance funeral planning
memorial service
cremation
committal service
after care


our history
contact us
 















in your time of grief
we shall remember always, it is the bereaved family whom we must please, and we shall keep in mind every person wishes to remember the deceased as in life...










in remembrance
we shall in every action, word and thought, give sympathetic, thoughtful and thoroughly competent personal attention to the wishes and needs of all our families...







in good hands
with moss funeral home you can trust in our promise to care for your loved ones. our experience has grown with each generation, but our mission has always remained the same...





 





funeralarrangementspre-plannedfuneralsfloral & giftslocal resourcesobituarynotifications

honoring your wishes – since 1953
“we shall in every action, word and thought, give sympathetic, thoughtful and thoroughly competent personal attention to the wishes and needs of all our families. we shall remember always, it is the bereaved family whom we must please, and we shall keep in mind every person wishes to remember the deceased as in life.”
leander “ben” h. moss
 
 

 





have questions?
our primary concern is that you need not feel alone. please do not hesitate to ask us questions, at no obligation. 

get in touch with us





moss funeral home, p.c.
 (618) 526-7144

(618) 526-4945	

535 n. 5th st.
breese, illinois 62230
our services
funeral directors
locations
our history
contact us
obituaries
obituary notifications
send condolences
common questions
floral & gifts
pre-planned funerals
traditional funerals
burials & cremation
memorial services
aftercare program
 



	© moss funeral home, p.c. login • webmail • design: serpentine




 
 








