


  








rarb: the recorded a cappella review board















the recorded a cappella review board














    your browser does not support our new site design, so some things might not display or function properly. 
    we suggest upgrading to google chrome, firefox, or internet explorer 9+ for the optimal experience.
  








rarb.org






















home

reviews

albums
singles

upcoming



features

picks

artists

about

info
the staff




get reviewed










album reviews





every track on xxv is delivered with the right amount of intensity, life, believability, and any other nuance you deem necessary for good music. read »



whether it's a traditional four-part carol, a unique take on a holiday classic, a sentimental ballad, a comedic original, or a trademark rap, maybebop brings a great deal of musical care to … read »



this group is known for unique song selections and executions, and a gentleman's affair is no different. this album is weird and wonderful. read »



these singers all have the chops and a recording/production team that makes them sound shiny, but i'd like to hear a little bit more of the human element — some grit and … read »



the production quality, arrangement difficulty, thematic elements, and polished ensemble sound work together to offer a sophisticated, professional release. read »




more album reviews »





short cuts

it's a bop. the background is rich and enthusiastic throughout from both a production standpoint and musician execution. read »

more short cuts »



support rarb

shop at amazon.com
join the "2 for 2.0" team






features

varsity vocals: the history of competitive a cappella
a cappella love


more features »



picks of the decade:
2010-2019
this was the decade when a cappella grew up.

read »










reviews

albums
singles
upcoming



features

feature index



picks

picks of the year
picks of the decade: 2000-2009
picks of the decade: 2010-2019



artists

artist index



about rarb

info
the staff
privacy policy
terms of use



connect

get reviewed
donate
subscribe
forums









© 1993-2025 rarb llc. all rights reserved.
logo design by melanie lapovich















how to get your work reviewed
to have your album (2 or more tracks) reviewed by rarb, please fill out our online album registration form.
to have your digital single reviewed by rarb, please fill out our online singles registration form.
feel free to email us if you have any questions.
×





