




cet cancer center - d. jeffrey demanes, m.d.: high dose rate (hdr) brachytherapy specialist with 26 years of experience
































310-206-2510
contact us



 












e-mail this page





 
 important announcement: as of january 4, 2010 dr. demanes
							and the california endocurietherapy program have relocated to ucla medical center
						in los angeles. for appointments, please call 310-206-2510







a message to our patients





as of 12/31/2009 - 10,267 implant procedures performed. 21,878 hdr treatments delivered.


abc 7 news features latest breast cancer treatment at cetâ cancer center. read more...


prostate cancer research institute (pcri) article on hdr brachytherapy at cet cancer center. read more...







about us




													california endocurietherapy cancer center (cet) is the first brachytherapy only center in the united states.



													founded by d jeffrey demanes m.d. in 1981.



													dedicated solely to high dose rate brachytherapy (hdr) since 1991.



most experienced hdr brachytherapy center.



a training destination for physicians and residents.



													hdr treatment protocol development



innovation in high dose rate brachytherapy and equipment design



													dedicated to long-term follow-up, outcome studies, and publications in medical journals.






membership and affiliations










american society for therapeutic radiology and oncology
chair - health policy and economics practice management subcommittee,
chair - regulatory subcommittee, member - health policy and economic committee,
member - health policy and economics code development and valuation subcommittee,
member - code utilization and application subcommittee.
american brachytherapy society
															chair - socioeconomic committee.
american college of radiation oncology
president - 2005 to 2007
american college of radiology
fellow - 2007






frequently asked questions




1. what is brachytherapy?

								the prefix "brachy" is the greek word for "short" distance. brachytherapy is a form of internal radiation treatment where radioactive sources are placed on or into cancer tissues. there are two kinds of brachytherapy. the radiation sources may be inserted either permanently or temporarily. the two most common forms of treatment are low dose rate (ldr) permanent seeds for prostate cancer and high dose rate (hdr) temporary brachytherapy, that can be used for prostate, gynecologic, breast, head and neck, lung, esophageal, bile duct, anorectal, sarcoma, and other cancers.

2. what is high dose rate (hdr) brachytherapy?

								high dose rate (hdr) is a technically advanced form of brachytherapy. a high intensity radiation source is delivered with millimeter precision under computer guidance directly into the tumor killing it from the inside out while avoiding injury to surrounding normal healthy tissue. for a more in depth explanation please visit the understanding hdr brachytherapy page.


3. how does radiation kill cancer?

							cancer is made of abnormal cells that tend to grow without control. cancer dna is more sensitive to radiation than are normal cells, so radiation kills cancer directly or when the cells attempt to multiply while normal tissue in the region is able to repair and recover.


4. what are the advantages of hdr brachytherapy?

short course of treatment compared to other types of radiation treatment (1 week)
preservation of organ structure and function
fewer side effects
excellent coverage of possible microscopic extension of cancer 
knowledge of radiation dose distribution before treatment is given 
accuracy and precision of tumor specific radiation dose delivery 
minimizes areas of radiation overdose (hot spots) or underdose (cold spots)
organ motion (target movement) is not a problem for hdr as it is with external beam





prostate specific




effective treatment for cancer recurrence (termed "salvage" therapy)
no radiation source (seeds) migration into other organs
no radiation exposure to other persons





breast specific




conserves the breast and yields excellent cosmetic results
reduces radiation dose to the heart, lungs, and opposite breast 
doesn't cause a delay in other treatments such as chemotherapy


for more information on the advantages for specific cancer sites please click on the appropriate link below:
prostate cancer | breast cancer | gynecologic cancer | head &â neck cancer
esophageal and bile duct cancer | lung cancer | soft tissue sarcoma cancer

5. how successful is hdr brachytherapy?

								hdr brachytherapy is effective treatment of local disease in many forms of cancer including prostate, gynecological, breast, head and neck, esophagus, lung, anorectal, bile duct, sarcoma, and other primary cancer or localized metastasis as reported in medical literature. cet's publication on prostate cancer, for example has demonstrated 90% 10-year tumor control. success rates for other tumors vary according to the type and stage of cancer being treated.

6. how many treatments has cet administered?

							as of 12/31/2009, cet has performed 10,267 hdr implants and delivered 21,878 hdr treatments. please see our treatment statistics for further details.

7. why is hdr less well known than other forms of cancer treatment?

							hdr brachytherapy is a relatively new form of advance radiation technology. fewer physicians have been trained to perform hdr procedures compared to seed implants or external beam radiation. few centers, other than cet have been dedicated to the development of hdr brachytherapy to its full potential. dr. demanes has devoted his career to the advancement of brachytherapy and has pioneered the use of hdr and established cet as a center of excellence with specially trained and experienced staff and physicians.

8. why should iâ select cet?

most experienced hdr center in the country
first center specializing solely in hdr brachytherapy
recognized as hdr experts by colleagues in radiation oncology
acknowledged safety record
highly trained and experienced physicians and staff
long term results published in peer reviewed medical literature
quality patient care and follow up

								please see cet advantage for more information.





home
treatment programs


prostate cancer
 monotherapy survival rate
breast cancer
vaginal cancer
cervical cancer
endometrial cancer
vulvar cancer
head and neck cancer
lung cancer
esophageal cancer
bile duct cancer
soft tissue sarcoma cancer


 printable material

treatments statistics

glossary

frequently ask questions



1. what  is brachytherapy?
2. what is high dose rate (hdr) brachytherapy?
3. how does radiation kill cancer?
4. what are the advantages of hdr brachytherapy?
5. how successful is hdr brachytherapy? 
6. how many treatments has cet administered?
7. why is hdrâ less well known than other forms of cancer treatment?
8. why should i select cet?
9. understanding hdr brachytherapyâ .



general information

cet advantage
cet medical team
contact us
directions
search
demanes & cet in the news


brachytherapy publications

prostate cancer
comparing prostate study results
breast cancer
gynecologic cancer
head and neck cancer


cancer resources &â links


 seed migration
 organ motion



 prostate cancer
 gynecologic cancer
 breast cancer
 other links













back to top


california endocurietherapy at ucla
division of brachytherapy
							department of radiation oncology
							200 ucla medical plaza, suite b265
							los angeles, ca 90095-6951

							tel: 310-206-2510 fax: 310-794-9795
							hours: mon-fri, 8:30am to 5:00pm pacific time
copyright california endocurietherapy medical corp. all rights reserved. www.cetcancercenter.com 


