



mental health therapy & counselling windsor, on | body & mind













































































 





call us today! 519-948-0078 





 






home
about us
services

windsor quit smoking
windsor weightloss
stress & anxiety therapy
couple counselling
windsor hypnosis


blogs
jobs
contact us
 

home
about us
services

windsor quit smoking
windsor weightloss
stress & anxiety therapy
couple counselling
windsor hypnosis


blogs
jobs
contact us
 




















 

 

 











 







 







 







 







 








welcome to body and mind stress free - mental health therapy & counselling windsor 
 



 



if you currently or at any time have felt any stress, we know that we can help you with our metal health therapy and counselling. if it is any change or self-development, we have easy and effective solutions. if it’s peak performance, you’ll love our programs. whether it’s work or play, we can show you how to be in your top form. we have many therapy programs that are proven effective by many of our satisfied clients. we work with the smallest issues to the larger unresolved symptoms of deep inner issues. we have a variety of practitioners and even greater variety of solutions.like many others before you, we are sure that you will find answers and solutions here within this site. take your time to discover us, checkout our mental health therapy programs and you will find the answers you are looking for. unlike other types of therapies, many of our programs have shown excellent results in very short periods of time. there are many factors in assessing each individual. take time today to book a free evaluation to see how we can assist you and to gain an understanding for what we do. our free evaluations are real talks with you to gain a better understanding of your particular situation and issues. we still spend 30 to 60 minutes answering questions and getting to know your particulars as we explain what we can do to help you. all this at no cost to you. this allows our first session to bypass many questions and get right to removing the issues quickly.we are leaders in the area of behavior and habit change for all ages with our best therapies. we have worked with children from ages 5 to adults in their 90’s. we have also worked in couples with relationship issues. we specialize in a technique called “thought shifting”. this is a unique and exciting process that allows you to gain control of your thoughts and your thinking. if has proven successful with negative thinking and thought processes. we incorporate this dynamic and proactive technique into all our personal improvement and stress program. we wrote the book called “thought shifting.”the biggest difference you will find with our programs is that we are solution-oriented therapists. we will help you focus on solutions instead of focusing on the problems. some of the issues below are some of the issues we have helped people with since the 1990’s. how are we able to work with all these things? it’s easy. we have the knowledge, the experience, and the expertise. since we are specialized in emotional issues, you can quickly see that most of these areas and most issues have emotional counterpart. if this is the case, we can help you. remember, up to one hour free evaluation to better understand you and help you feel at ease quickly. 





 





rick saruna was featured in windsor star think wellness section as windsor’s top therapist for emotional issues. click on the article to see the full page of paper. 









we wrote the book on removing stress & negativity with our therapies 







elevate your mindset with “thought shifting: how to remove negative inner voice in 30 days”embark on a transformative journey of self-discovery and empowerment with our latest release – “thought shifting.” bid farewell to negativity and embrace a positive mindset in just 30 days!available in ebook and paperback!ebook: instant download, lifetime access, and ultimate portability. your wisdom-on-the-go!paperback: experience the tangible essence! pick up your copy at body & mind office, windsor, ontario, canada.what “thought shifting” offers:break free from negativity in just 30 days!lifetime access to the ebook for flexibility and convenience.local pickup option for paperback at body & mind office, windsor.why choose “thought shifting”?transformative guidance at your fingertips!empower your inner dialogue.choose your preferred format: ebook or paperback.secure your copy now!dive into positivity and self-discovery with “thought shifting.” click here to make it yours today!your path to positivity starts now!  





 






learn more...











issues we helped people with 








quit smokingsafe weight-loss/weight-gainself-improvementstress and tensionemotional issues and relieffears and phobiaspanic and anxietydepression signs and symptomschildhood issuestherapy and counsellinggrief and bereavementguilttraumarapid emotional releasenegative thoughts and experienceinsomniainfidelity issues 





therapy counselling for individualsstress management and stress eliminationmarriage counselling and divorce counsellingfamily counsellingindividual counsellingpsycho-social evaluation and therapyself-esteem and self-confidenceunresolved health issuesheadachespost-traumatic syndromehypnosis and other natural techniqueshypnosis trainingemotional freedommotivationsales and self-improvementimpotency and sexual issuesanger management program 








 







rated top 3 therapist in windsor area 







our clients say
 










						"rick has been great. i lost 20lbs in less than 2 months without really trying. i have tried everything on the market to lose weight and nothing worked. i was about to give up when i saw the ad for body & mind on the internet. i could not believe how easy it was. i have no cravings or want for sweets anymore. i am not on a diet i just eat less because i am full and satisfied."					


ohio, usa 






						"it has been 3 months and i have lost 30lbs without really trying. i still go out to restaurants, but now i always leave with a doggie bag. i eat everything but just a lot less. i never thought with me being on steroids that i would be able to lose weight. i have tried almost everything on the market and nothing else worked, until i found you."					


clinton township, michigan 






						"rick was able to show me tools that would help me for the rest of my life. he made me understand that most of my problems were the way i thought and he have me tools on how to change it. i learned fantastic relaxation techniques that i will take with me forever.
i think before i was always searching for a quick cure or pill, something to fix me. but now i realize the only one that can do the fixing is me! thanks rick for teaching me the tools that have changed my life!"					


windsor, ontario 






						"before my treatment at body & mind i was overcome with tons of stress and anger that i felt my life was out of control. in my first visit with rick i noticed instant results. by the end of my program i felt better than i have in 15 years. i’m now in control of my body and mind. this really works. no pill can ever do what rick did for me and no amount of money could ever be enough for good mental and physical health."					


windsor assembly, windsor, ontario 






						"the day i walked into body and mind was one of the scariest days of my life. i was so afraid of failure that i had put this day off for a very long time.

after treatment with rick saruna i walked out of there a non smoker. no cravings at all! getting into my car i did not even reach for a cigarette as i have been doing since i started driving 40 years ago. that habit was gone! i still get into the car and have no desire to smoke. i am so grateful that this program exists and my only regret is that i didn’t do it many years ago.

i did this for my family and realize now that it is the biggest gift i could give myself. thank you rick and patti of body and mind, my life has changed in such a positive direction and failure to stop smoking is no longer a thought in my mind."					








 previous


 next











body and mind natural health –  therapists in windsor ontario 







body & mind natural health clinic
helping 1000’s since the 1990’s 



 





2303 central ave., windsor, ontario 





 












book an appointment now! by calling 519-948-0078











 





© copyright 2017 – 2023   |  body & mind natural health   |   all rights reserved. 



































