


tree seedlings-conifer, hardwoods, custom and contract growing-itasca greenhouse, inc.-minnesota 













home 
printable catalog (pdf format) not available
about us
contact us


specials & discounted trees 
conifer list & pricing 
hardwood list & pricing
tree seedling availability
promotional trees 


successful planting tips
advantages of containerized tree seedlings
shipping info/pickup/delivery 
terms and conditions


growing for the future!




specialists in containerized tree seedlings
      celebrating over 30 years of quality containerized tree seedlings
all nursery stock inspected and certified by 
      state of minnesota dept. of agr. certificate #20174984
 
*  phone number *  1-218-328-6261
* email address * info@itascagreenhouse.com
 
 
 



 


itasca greenhouse grows 2-3 million containerized tree seedlings in three crops per year. with our greenhouses utilizing co-generation heat from our local power station, and with our management efficiency, we are able to produce high quality containerized seedlings at low cost. in business for over 30 years, itasca greenhouse has grown to be a nationally known, trusted source for hardy containerized tree seedlings.
                
our nursery is nestled in the woods of northern minnesota, near the banks of the mighty mississippi river, so our tree seedlings are hardy enough to withstand our beautiful but cold winters. in addition to our northern hardy conifer and hardwoods we also have some varieties that grow well for our warmer neighbors in the southern united states.
plug seedlings offer many advantages including high survival rates, longer planting season, increased flexibility of planting schedule, and no planting check since the roots are protected in the soil plug and are planted with roots essentially undisturbed. 
 



 






 
  



 


greenhouse highlights & specials
check out some of our popular species! 
 
(click on highlights for details)

 





 


 
copyright © www.itascagreenhouse.com all rights reserved 








