









the movie pal
















 









the movie pal

 
hollywood in one site

 
created march 12, 1997.

the movie pal presents the most important movie links.

classic uncluttered layout makes the movie pal easy to navigate.

bookmark and send to friends.
 
visitors, please hit the like button for facebook.





 




major movie websites
  (if you get lost having fun here, come back to the movie pal) 
movie search engines
internet movie data base: the
comprehensive site for movie info.  the standard in internet movie searches!
movie tickets and showtimes


moviefone: showtimes, previews, and tickets for theaters across the us. 
fandango: showtimes, previews, and tickets for theaters across the us. 
movie tickets.com: showtimes, previews, and tickets for theaters across the us. 

movie streaming and rentals

netflix: still the standard as well as the best
hulu: stream movies and tv shows


box office statistics

box office.com: up to
date box office rankings 
box office mojo:
box office info and rankings
box office guru:
box office info and rankings


general movie sites

on the red carpet: ontheredcarpet.com provides breaking entertainment news as well as original stories, exclusive video and aggregated content from the world of celebrity, fashion, movies, television, and more.
hollywood online: one
of the best movie sites 
movie pilot.com: dedicated to upcoming movies, this site unveils future releases by the movie industry.
filmsite: from amc tv network, a comprehensive
site, very thorough - excellent
(filmsite)
comedy films: associated with above link - go directly for
comedy film.
mubi.com: for intelligent film buffs; essays, theory, opinion

hollywood reporter:
great for current films
hollywood awards.com: basic current film info
films101: 1000s of movies ranked by critics and filmmakers
hollywood network:
a complex film site with insider industry info 
desert
island films: films in the public domain
modern times: dedicated to early hollywood and old classic film - pure cinema nostalgia
screwball
comedy: dedicated to the fast paced classic comedies 
dark horizons: page for recent and upcoming releases.
bright lights film journal: comprehensive articles on cinema
senses of cinema: online journal of serious and eclectic discussions of film - for the serious film student

the simpsons archives: movie references in the simpsons:
a hilarious page for fans of both movies and the simpsons
the simpsons: every musical guest to ever appear on the simpsons:
every music lover who loves the simpsons must visit this site.






film institutions and organizations
oscars (academy awards - academy of motion picture arts and sciences)


oscars.org: official oscar website: history, trivia and a database search engine for every oscar winner and nominee
oscar.com: oscar night ceremonies - dedicated to the tv show itself


****more institutions/guilds/groups****


american film
institute: a premiere showcase for film
golden globes - official site: hollywood foreign press association
directors' guild of america: the
official film union for directors 
screen actors' guild of
america: the official film union for actors 
writers' guild of america - west: film union for screen writers 
writers' guild of america - east: film union for screen writers 
the motion picture editors' guild home page: the official film union for screen editors 
the american society of cinematographers: cinematographers' society
society of motion picture and tv
engineers: organization for screen engineers 

society of camera operators:
honorary organization 
independent film and television alliance:
voice of the international independent film and tv industry 
independent feature project:
independent movie source link 
mpaa - motion picture assoc. of
america: they rate the films whether we agree or not 
british film institute:
britain's film industry flagship 
british academy of film and television:
britain's equivalent to the oscars and emmy awards 
national film board of canada:
what's canada up to? 
society for cinema
studies: dedicated to film studies 
national film preservation
board of the library of congress: preserving america's film
heritage



intermission


abraham lincoln
epic president

buy magnets and buttons with abraham lincoln.
perfect for history buffs.
buy as school gifts for history students of all ages.
buying lincoln souvenirs finances the movie pal.
thank you!




intermission is over - continue

actors' resource (casting call news)


backstage.com:
the premiere publication for casting call information and other acting news.
a must for all aspiring actors.
audition inside.com:
casting call information and other acting news.



film festivals


the film festival.com:
find the film festival of your choice.




films broadcast on tv 

turner classic
movies: the best movie channel
hbo (home box office): premium channel 
cinemax: the movie channel
showtime: the movie channel
starz: the movie channel
independent film channel for tv:
tv's best movies 
american movie classics:
the tv network showing movies.
the movie channel:  movie channel owned by showtime



film music
 

soundtracknet:  movie music info 
dittybase.com: music and sound files; music production library
film music society: preserving film music
filmmusicsite.com: visitors can write reviews of their favorite soundtracks.



movie scripts - screenplays - screenwriting


the internet movie script database: movie scripts by the hundreds 
simply scripts: movie scripts online for reading 
movie-page.com: movie scripts 
movie scripts and screenplays: movie scripts 
screenwright: the craft of screenwriting: an electronic screenwriting tutorial that has been called "the bible of screenwriting for the novice." 
script magazine: script writing resource 
creative screen writing: screenwriting guide


film reviews


roger ebert: the legendary film critic 
rotten tomatoes: the great film review site.  does your favorite movie get fresh or rotten tomatoes?



film magazines 

variety: legendary industry standard since 1905 
empire magazine online: world-famous movie magazine 
backstage: the actor's resource 
script magazine: script writing resource 
indiewire.com: independent filmmakers 
moviemaker magazine: magazine on movie making 
filmmaker magazine: the magazine of independent film 
vintage movie magazines: very old movie magazines for collectors 





film studios 

warner brothers:
warner brothers link 
disney:
disney link 
paramount studios: main
paramount link 
20th century fox: studio link
sony pictures: sony site
pixar: the geniuses who brought us toy story, ratatouille, up, monsters, inc., cars, wall-e, a bug's life, and the incredibles
mgm: the legendary mgm studio







animated feature film sites 



big cartoon database: links to dozens of cartoon sites - excellent!
disney links: links to dozens of disney sites - many built by fans
pixar: the geniuses who brought us toy story, ratatouille, up, monsters, inc., cars, wall-e, a bug's life, and the incredibles
looney tunes site: looney tunes and more - fun!
cartoon research: cartoon search - main page
cartoon research - warner brothers: cartoon search site for warner brothers cartoons
dave mackey - cartoon site: dave mackey presents 
cartoons filmography and title card gallery
dave mackey - warner bros. cartoons: dave mackey presents 
warner bros. cartoons filmography and title card gallery



horror/monster films 



bela lugosi:  official page.  the one and only dracula
love horror:  the number one resource for impartial horror film reviews, interviews, features and competitions.
mad scientists - strange mag:  essay on the classic mad doctors and scientists of scary movies
house of horrors:  horror film site - enter at your own risk
film site - horror films:  film site's horror film page
horror film history:  scholars try to make sense of horror flicks
best-horror-movies.com:  reviews, debates, forums
upcoming horror movies:  new horror films
70s horror films:  the decade redefined horror films
all horror films:  large horror site
horror movies.ca:  horror fun
british horror films:  the british always have fun making weird horror films 
fright flicks:  join the action - with horror
bloody disgusting:  title says it all
zombie movies:  because zombies are our friends
horror movies.ca:  latest horror movie news



fun movie sites 


harry potter movie puzzles and fun:  from mugglenet - the world's #1 harry potter site.
crossword puzzles about movies:  go crossword crazy with movie themes.  excellent site!
crossword puzzles - printable:  print movie based crosswords for fun on the go.
movie mistakes.com:  mistakes in movies you can catch
movie puzzles:  movie posters as puzzles and more
movie quiz:  test your movie knowledge

twilight puzzle:  for twilight die hard fans.




film production areas 


oscars.org teacher's guide: oscars.org has the definitive guide to film production.  all the major movie-making categories are dissected.  perfect for all ages. 
the film editor.com:
a film editor explains the art of film editing 
visual effects headquarters:
comprehensive site on film visual effects 
lucasfilm's thx home page: the
george lucas sound system 
cinematography mailing
list: a collection of messages by those interested in
cinematography 
the american
widescreen museum and film technology center: film artistry and technology come together at this site
ani-mato: the site for
animation, stop-motion and 3d-movie enthusiast
vm productions: the art of independent filmmaking



film making resources


cinemarquee & the
cinemarquee academy of dramatic arts: cinema resource and
learning center

 

scroll down further for more movie sites.
but first, visit my personal sites in this section
the movie pal has created his very own tribute sites. 


tribute to
henry fonda: the movie pal's favorite actor! 
tribute
to jimmy stewart:  he will always be george bailey who lassos the moon in it's a wonderful life. 
tribute to shelley winters:  the classy working actress was the first to win two oscars in the supporting actress category. 
tribute
to network: one of the movie pal's favorite movies!  in 1976 it predicted television of today. 
movie poster gallery: see dozens of original movie posters! 




end of the general link sites - continue below
to specific tribute sites 

 
sneak preview section
attention! the following links are
a sneak preview only. 
you may go directly to the specific films page or the specific artists page 
those pages have more links and images. 
bookmark all three movie pal sites! 
  
  

 
  


specific movies




harry potter sites


harry potter - pottermore: author jk rowling's authorized site.  the sorting will sort you into hufflepuff, ravenclaw, gryffindor, or gasp! slytherin!
harry potter - the leaky cauldron: beloved and trusted harry potter website.
harry potter - muggle net: major harry potter website.
harry potter - the snitch: forum where potter fans can communicate with each other.
harry potter - fan zone: potter fans go crazy.




star wars trilogy: official
website: official lucasfilms web page on the star wars films 
hitchcock's vertigo - images: an examination of profiles in hitchcock's masterpiece - vertigo 
sullivan's travels:
one of the movie pal's favorite films! 
vincent's
"casablanca" homepage: everybody loves casablanca 
the godfather trilogy:
a website you can't refuse! cool! 
the 2001 internet
resource archive: one of the best on 2001: a space odyssey 
jaws - the home page:
don't go in the water! 
alien movies resource: the alien saga
being
there - the peter sellers' masterpiece: a fan's film tribute 
  
  

 
sneak preview for individual artists. 
individual
artists
this is why the movie pal exists - as a reservoir
for tributes to artists or specific films by fans 
if you come across any you think belong here
click on mailbox below and let me know 
  

performers













heath ledger.com: heath ledger, his star will shine forever.
meryl streep online: the acting genius.
katharine hepburn: the acting legend.

katharine hepburn online: the acting legend.
the ultimate cary grant pages: magnificnet photos of the handsome man
bette davis official web site: fasten your seatbelts, it's going to be a bumpy night.
james dean: made by his
cousin marcus, it is the official james dean site
dean fan 4 ever: another good james dean site
hello,
harold lloyd: the comic genius of silent film 
silver screen sirens and sex symbols: images of legendary
actresses and a link to some male hunks
jimmy stewart hometown
museum: hometown tribute with photos, facts, etc. 
the official audrey
hepburn website: a swiss town's homage 
the official ingrid bergman web site: she'll always have paris.
w.c. fields fan club: tribute to the funny man.  all in all he'd rather be in philadelphia. 

marx-brothers.org:
everything marx brothers 
barbara stanwyck: a
true ball of fire...sizzle! 
edward g. robinson:
the tough guy 
grace kelly page: a fan's tribute to her majesty 
john
wayne official website: officia site for the john wayne universe
john
wayne: un-official all purpose web site for the duke 
the judy garland club: long standing fan club personally sanctioned by judy garland herself
judy
garland database: all purpose web site for the voice
ava gardner: hometown
museum tribute 
angela
lansbury homage page: angela lansbury is a stage and film legend, not just tv!



directors







steven
spielberg tribute: a fan page - images, facts, etc. 
steven spielberg - fan page
alfred hitchcock - the master of suspense: for hitchcock scholars - with links
woody allen: official woody allen site 
woody allen: fansite for woody allen
charliechaplin.com - official site: one of the best charlie chaplin websites. 
federico fellini: one of the movie pal's favorite directors.  for fans of fellini.
federico fellini - criterion collection: for fans of fellini.
fellini: images and archetypes: one of the movie pal's favorite directors.  please see all his films with subtitles.
stanley kubrick: images, facts, bio, etc. 
stanley kubrick: the kubrick site: images, facts, bio, etc. 
the international buster keaton society: buster keaton homage.  the great genius from the silent era - see his films!



film production people 


the official tom
savini homepage: horror fx guru 
ray harryhausen: the master of special effects 
the
bernard herrmann society: the music composer for orson
welles, alfred hitchcock, etc. 
the john williams web
pages: the prolific composer to jaws, star wars, et, etc. 
  
  

 


this is me as a kid in 1972,
around the time i fell in love with movies.

the movie pal





prayers and hugs
(ajb1776.tripod.com/prayers.html)
my personal site on prayer and faith.  please visit.  it's good for the soul.


american freedom 1776
(www.americanfreedom1776.tripod.com)
my personal site on the american revolution.  please visit.  it's good for all students.



abraham lincoln
epic president

buy magnets and buttons with abraham lincoln.
perfect for history buffs.
buying lincoln souvenirs finances the movie pal.
thank you!

alexander bernal

i am alexander bernal, the movie pal.
please visit my personal website.
thank you!
 
  



 
  
email
bernal1776@gmail.com.


 
  


  
  
  
  
  



 




