





frank dibella deluxe horse vans - new & used trailers, service, parts and financing in pottstown, pa, near birdsboro and phoenixville














































skip to main content

 







toggle navigation






home

trailers



bumper pull trailers
gooseneck trailers
semi trailers


vans
trucks


services

detailing department
service appointments



trade

about

about us
map & hours
meet our staff
event calendar


read testimonials
submit a testimonial

contact us


careers

contact

contact us
get a quote
finance
schedule viewing










like frank dibella deluxe horse vans on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow frank dibella deluxe horse vans on instagram! (opens in new window)








map





610.495.2270





frank dibella deluxe horse vans

39 sheridan lane
 pottstown, pa 19464
us

phone: 610.495.2270
email: jim@frankdibella.com

fax:
			610.495.2273






truck pulling a horse trailerfrank dibella deluxe horse vans - new &amp; used trailers, service, parts and financing in pottstown, pa, near birdsboro and phoenixville at 39 sheridan lane pottstown pa
truck and trailerfrank dibella deluxe horse vans - new &amp; used trailers, service, parts and financing in pottstown, pa, near birdsboro and phoenixville at 39 sheridan lane pottstown pa
frank dibella deluxe horse vans - new &amp; used trailers, service, parts and financing in pottstown, pa, near birdsboro and phoenixvillefrank dibella deluxe horse vans - new &amp; used trailers, service, parts and financing in pottstown, pa, near birdsboro and phoenixville
frank dibella deluxe horse vans - new &amp; used trailers, service, parts and financing in pottstown, pa, near birdsboro and phoenixvillefrank dibella deluxe horse vans - new &amp; used trailers, service, parts and financing in pottstown, pa, near birdsboro and phoenixville








previous



pause



next











shop new
view inventory






pre-owned
view inventory






services
learn more









bumper pull




gooseneck




semi trailers




horse vans







frank dibella deluxe horse vans

we sell




for over 40 years frank dibella has been supplying the horse community with deluxe horse vans and trailers. our large inventory consists of new and used 2 to 15 horse trailers and vans. we also build custom horse transportation solutions for personal and commercial applications. horse owners have relied on our expertise in guiding them in the purchase of the right vehicle for their needs. we have sold vans and trailers around the world and know what it takes to provide excellence to our customers. our facility is one of the largest horse trailer service centers, allowing us to keep all of our work in-house to control quality. our managers oversee all aspects of the job and make sure that no shortcut is taken. when you buy a dibella, you are buying quality & peace of mind.

frank dibella started selling race horses, hunters, and jumpers in his early 20's. he made frequent horse shopping trips across the country in a 1960's international 6 horse van and transported horses back to eastern pennsylvania to sell. with transporting so many horses, over thousands of miles, frank gained hands-on knowledge of the horse transportation industry. in 1972 while still selling horses, he started refurbishing and selling horse vans from fox ridge farm in malvern, pa. frank slowly shifted his concentration from selling horses to focusing on selling horse vans. after a few years at the farm he moved his horse van sales to laverty's gmc truck sales in west chester, pa. he conducted 4 years of business in that location and in 1993 realized the need to expand again, so he built a new dealership in pottstown, pa. frank remains in this location and continues to serve the surrounding horse community.




















price$120,000.00
conditionnew
year2023
makeram
modelstx 2 horse with dressing-room
typevan
classvan
notes
mileage32


2023ramstx 2 horse with dressing-room



















contact us

610.495.2270

39 sheridan lane
pottstown, pa 19464




map us







like frank dibella deluxe horse vans on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow frank dibella deluxe horse vans on instagram! (opens in new window)





quick links

shop new
pre-owned
services
bumper pull
gooseneck
semi trailers
contact us



hours

monday8:30am - 5:30pm
tuesday8:30am - 5:30pm
wednesday8:30am - 5:30pm
thursday8:30am - 5:30pm
friday8:30am - 5:30pm
saturdayby appointment
sunday:closed






opens in new window



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


policy
privacy
terms
accessibility
site map



















