



atherton wine imports - specialists of the finest french wines








 



















 company 
                  profile





 producer profiles





 catalogue





 contact 
                  information





 copyright 
                   





 current 
                  offers





 home









 

atherton wine imports is one of the largest importers of bordeaux and burgundy on the west coast. we have a significant collection of current releases and mature wines from the greatest producers in burgundy. we also import all of the top chateaux of bordeaux and offer futures, current releases, and older vintages.







newsproducer profiles

our january 31, 2025 stock update is online! featuring:
2023 frederic esmonin  - the esmonins describe 2023 as a combination of 2018 and 2022, with excellent balance and clear terroir expression.
2023 paul pernot  - 2023 is another strong vintage. similar to 2022, the wines feel both ripe and quite fresh at the same time.
2022 tortochot - lovely wines with silky textures and complex aromatics from an impressive range of vineyards.
2022 groffier  - stunning wines of elegance and refinement.
2022 mongeard-mugneret  - remarkable flavor intensity. miniscule volume.
bordeaux 2021 - most have arrived including top wines of the vintage and a nice selection of halves and magnums. more still to come later early next year.
2023 bordeaux futures  - release prices are the lowest in years! please inquire.
click  here to download the price list.

newest producers in our portfolio:
domaine tortochot - chantal tortochot is the fourth generation to direct the family domaine based in gevrey chambertin. they practice organic viticulture throughout their 11 hectares of vines in gevrey, morey st-denis, chambolle musigny and clos vougeot. their goal is to showcase the distinct character of each vineyard through low yields and perfectly ripe fruit. historically they destemmed entirely, but in recent vintages they have been doing some whole cluster vinification with outstanding results!
domaine paul pillot in chassagne montrachet. amazing wines! highly allocated. burghound: "a top-flight talent"
charles van canneyt - winemaker and director of domaine hudelot-noellat and grandson of alain hudelot
caroline morey - wife of pierre-yves colin, her vineyards come from her father jean-marc morey s domaine and the wines are made alongside those of pycm in their new family cellar.
anne et herve sigaut - great vineyards in chambolle and morey st denis. the 2021s are in stock and the 2022s are coming soon!


the chateauneufs from rotem and mounir saouma are the hottest thing in the rhone! see recent feature articles and high scores in wine spectator, wine advocate, jamessuckling.com and vinous.
to learn more about the wines we represent, please visit our  producer profiles page.







copyright   2021





