




webmasters.com | cheap domains, web hosting, servers & website design

















home
about us
faq
support
contact us
search
sitemap
webmail
login




domains
web hosting
servers
web design
ecommerce
build traffic
make money
order now










 
all domains only $14.95/year (free with hosting!)



only $14.95/yr. on all domains!



bulk updates and transfers



theft and whois protection




free dns management



email and forwarding



private registrations





 
all domains only $14.95/year (free with hosting!)



unlimited domains



unlimited disk space



unlimited data transfer





php 7 now available *



blazing fast webmail



hosting control panel





 
all domains only $14.95/year (free with hosting!)



host multiple websites



unlimited email accounts



over 100k daily visitors




fully managed solution



no experience necessary



server control panel





 
all domains only $14.95/year (free with hosting!)



free website builder



1,000+ pro templates



server migrations




custom shopping carts



custom graphic design



back end applications





 
all domains only $14.95/year (free with hosting!)





free & low cost ssl certificates




newsletter distribution



secure, encrypted email



free shopping cart





 
all domains only $14.95/year (free with hosting!)



meta tag analysis



keyword optimization



submit to major engines




free listing in index.com



$10 pay-per-click credit



manual seo available























































manage  |  renew  |  knowledge base









our difference
challenge:
to help cut costs and time to market, most web hosting companies use one of three widely distributed control panels. 
	generally, doing so means that their features are identical to those of other companies using the same software, and higher level support is 
	outsourced to a third party.

	when a security gap is discovered or an improvement is needed, an outside vendor must be contacted for 
		a solution. that vendor would then contact the developer, who in most cases is located in another country. 
		if the developer feels the request has merit, they would implement a solution and release a patch. 
		due to so many parties being involved in the process, the amount of time from the initial request to a final solution could be days if not months.
	





solution:
we have developed our own 
		control panel, 4admin™ and assembled all of the software powering our servers from the ground up. 
		many of its features are unique, and are not available anywhere else. 
	
	our blazing fast webmail has more features than most 
		desktop email clients, and includes proprietary spam filtering technology which keeps junk mail away while making sure good messages are 
		delivered at virtually the same time they are sent. a dedicated team of in-house developers maintains our software, with a large portion 
		of their time being devoted to security enhancement and new product development. 

		when a new feature is created or an upgrade is released, our proprietary rapid update™ utility instantly updates every server at virtually 
		the same time. this technology enables us to perform software upgrades within minutes across our entire network of 
		servers (click here 
		to see the upgrades we have done within the past year). the ability to provide real time solutions in direct response to market demands gives us 
		an unmatched advantage over our competition. we always stand behind our product, and are committed to making it better, one idea at a time. 
		






our results


check out a random sample of websites currently hosted
			and see what customers are saying about our services.
			








professional web site design for
the winning edge!











php 7 is available
our custom 4admin™ server platform is better than ever!


faster servers and php 7!
			just complete our signup, and you'll have access to your new site in no time.









fast, reliable service & superior support for peace of mind.




control panel demo
try our custom account panel demo  



top 10 reasons to choose us

see why we are the best fit for you  



testimonials
read what our clients say about us  












start with us here 



enter your domain name









business class webhosting
one plan, one price!





fast & powerful servers on our reliable network
from $99/month




search site:




















php 7 is here!
upgrade now, for free!




home | about us | faq | contact us | support | customers | login | terms | privacy | whois | search | site map
© copyright webmasters.com. all rights reserved




 traffic partners:  website templates :: free videos :: more traffic partners >>
 we want to earn your business! please help us improve by completing our anonymous visitor survey.

   











