







culture project












































wcs































































              home
            

              about
            

              us
            

            blog
          



        auction
      

              events
            

            donate
          




















































































homeaboutusblog







new york's premier home for socially conscious theatre




auctioneventsdonate









scroll







  new york's premier home for socially conscious theatre.
 

our mission///  culture project is dedicated to addressing critical human rights issues by creating and supporting artistic work that amplifies marginalized voices. by fostering innovative collaboration between human rights organizations and artists, we aim to inspire and impact public dialogue and policy, encouraging democratic participation in the most urgent matters of our time.

 











women center stageone of culture project’s ongoing initiatives, women center stage (wcs) focuses on the fight for human rights, gender and racial equality, and the freedom of artistic expression.





















winner of international emmy awardsfilm series:‘white right: meeting the enemy’
8:00 pm - 11:00 pm, thursday, october 18, 2018teatro sea, 107 suffolk street new york, ny, 10002






    ticket
  



highlight of wcswhen deeyah khan was six, her father took her to her first anti-racism rally. a pakistani immigrant to norway, he promised her that things would get better and that the skinhead gangs that terrorized their family and families like them would soon find themselves relics of past prejudices, that bigotry belonged in history, that tomorrow would be a more tolerant time.three decades on, and we’re still waiting for tomorrow.with a us president propagating anti-muslim propaganda, the far-right gaining ground in german elections, hate crime rising in the uk, and divisive populist rhetoric infecting political and public discourse across western democracies, deeyah khan’s white right: meeting the enemy asks why.and to do so, she first addresses who.a panel discussion will follow the film. panelists tba.








what’s happening?

 







“culture project was founded on the belief that political engagement, together with the best in theater and art, is a vital part of life. ”

— allan buchman



your support gives life to courageous, provocative theater and innovative programming to promote human rights. help create the future you want to see.




    donate
  








welcome



highlight of wcs



highlight



support us












subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





thank you!







culture project
85 delancey street, suite 201,
new york, ny,
usa
212-925-1806
info@cultureproject.org


hours
mon 9:00am - 6:00pm
tue 9:00am - 6:00pm
wed 9:00am - 6:00pm
thu 9:00am - 6:00pm
fri 9:00am - 6:00pm







































eventshistoryget involvedcontactdonate










