








purcell and elmslie, architects











firm active: 1907-1921
minneapolis, minnesota :: chicago, illinois
   philadelphia, pennsylvania :: portland, oregon






architecture in the spirit of democracy



a brief introduction
the material displayed here represents work by william gray purcell (1880-1965) and george grant elmslie (1869-1952), partners in an architectural firm dedicated to the vision of an independent and proud american archiscape. 
part of a design movement during the early decades of the 20th century known as 
"prairie" or more generally as "progressive" architects, purcell and elmslie 
joined with like-minded office associates, artists, craftspeople, and clients to create 
buildings that were honest and unique expressions of the american spirit of 
democracy. examples of their outstanding accomplishments are displayed here in a 
mixture of archival source materials (drawings, manuscripts, and illustrations), 
as well as modern commentary and recent photographs of surviving buildings and 
objects. 
these web pages are intended to be a research resource for students and 
aficionados of organic understanding in architectural expression, combining 
original documentation in a mix of image and text, together with later 
photography and commentary.  the representative samples here are meant to 
entice to further, perhaps original discovery.  go out and find the living 
objects, such as they survive. that's the only way these words and images will 
ever grow to be more than merely intellectual beauty.
site last updated september 15, 2015: this 
	web site consists of over 2,275 html pages that are presently undergoing 
	reformat to implement a fresher design aesthetic, correct obsolesced links, 
	and add new materials. some pages may be slower than others to be 
	rehabilitated. this content of site has been served in growing form since 
	1994 (21 years!); the organica.org domain name was instituted in 2001.


    main menu

    selected works of purcell & elmslie, 
architects

residences






charles a. purcell residence
		river forest, illinois  1909
		



e. l. powers residence
        minneapolis, minnesota  1910
		



edna s. purcell residence
         minneapolis, minnesota  1913
		



        hearth and home were the most frequently happening place for 
        p&e, from small open plan houses built for joe citizen to large estates for 
        wealthy clients--and lots, so to speak, in between.



commercial






motor inn garage
minneapolis, minnesota  1908
		



first national bank

		rhinelander, wisconsin   1910
		



merchants bank

    	winona, minnesota  1912
		



        this category includes banks, office buildings and interiors, 
		stores, factory designs, business garages, and hotels.  except for the 
		banks much of the commercial work of the firm has vanished.  their most 
		honored series of commercial commissions, the edison shops, are long gone, as 
		are the exquisite alexander brothers executive offices.



institutional and civic






stewart memorial church

		minneapolis, minnesota  1909
		



town hall

    	jump river, wisconsin  1915
		



municipal building

    	kasson, minnesota 1916
		



        here find the churches and their community spaces, town halls, 
		libraries and schools (all unbuilt), theaters, pavilions, and monuments, plus 
		the magnificent woodbury county court house, the only major public building 
		erected in the progressive idiom.  there's even a ymca for hunan 
		province, china, and of course the australian federal parliament building 
		designs.



furnishings and decorations






e. l. powers residence

    	dining room rendering  1910

    	gustav weber, delineator	
    	



john adair residence

    	fireplace mosaic

    	owatonna, minnesota   1913		
    	



merchants bank

    	leaded glass

    	winona, minnesota  1912		
    	



        this section includes furniture, terra-cotta, leaded glass, sawed 
		wood, textiles, mosaics, stencils, metalwork, electric fixtures, and all the 
		other bits and pieces required to complete the idea of a building.



landscaping






catherine gray residence

    	front steps

    	minneapolis, minnesota 1907		



henry babson estate

    	landscaping plan

    	riverside, illinois  1914		
    	



edna s. purcell residence

    	reflecting pool

    	minneapolis, minnesota  1913		
    	



		growing things were the icing on the cake in an organic building, and alas the most ephemeral.



graphical designs






farmers national bank

    	stationery	
    	



purcell & elmslie

    	advertising brochure   1916		
    	



alexander brothers 

    	advertising poster  1916
    	



    	the encounter with idea of the idea also deserved proper 
		representation, and the many graphic devices produced included stationery, 
		advertising, and even magazine layouts.


    a deeper look: purcell & elmslie, 
architects

the compleat commission list






gusto cigarette company, project

      	minneapolis, minnesota   1914	
    	



ymca, project

      	siang tan, hunan, china    1916	
    	



christian science church, project

      	minneapolis, minnesota   1914	
    	



		the work of the firm as seen through the 
  		original accounting system.  many jobs not visible through the selected 
  		works pages can be found here, although most are projects with limited imagery 
  		and some of the citations contain reference only to 
  		later notes or brief commentaries by purcell, not direct documentation of the 
  		work.
  		



the team






william gray purcell

    	circa 1910



office of purcell, feick and elmslie
minneapolis, minnesota    1912		
    	



george elmsie 

    	circa 1913



  		everyone who made it happen received recognition in the p&e office, meaning the drafters, office 
  		staff, contractors, artists, and craftsmen as well as the architects.  
  		this was a highly unusual democratic practice among practitioners of the day.  		
  		 
biographical essays on william gray purcell
purcell's post-p&e commission list (1920s-1940s)
biographical essay on george grant elmslie
elmslie's post-p&e commission list (1920s-1930s)
george feick, jr. biographical information





competitions and exhibitions






f. w. bird competition, 1908    	
		



cornell exhibition
        display boards 1912    	
      



minnesota state art commission competition, 1914 	
    	



		the practice of architecture relies on getting your message out there, at 
		least when an architect has one.  even today, competitions and 
  		exhibitions sponsored by professional organizations, product manufacturers, 
  		and even museums are the main venue for peer 
  		review and subsequent publicity (not least of which is the privilege of saying 
  		you won an award).  back in the 1910s, such opportunities--and they were 
  		pretty much the same--were 
  		even more important in getting across the progressive message--and 
  		occasionally seeing who was best among the pure and good.  		



virtual catalogs






charles parker residence
    	minneapolis, minnesota  1912



john leuthold residence
    	saint paul, minnesota    1911		
    	



george w. stricker residence, alterations 

    	minneapolis, minnesota  1910



  		in
  		an effort to assist researchers not affiliated with the dark side, these 
  		catalogs present the original drawings for decorative elements such as sawed 
  		wood, leaded glass, terracotta, light fixtures, and stencils in one reference 
  		set.  carpe caveat.
  		



writings and publications






the western architect, 1913




the minnesotan magazine, april, 1916




parabiographies manuscript page, ca. 1930s




  		a prolific writer, william gray purcell left a 
		massive body of manuscripts articulating the work of the firm, their design 
		intentions, and the experience of getting through the work.  in particular, 
		purcell developed a commission-by-commission account of purcell & elmslie, 
		architects, that he called the parabiographies.
		also available here are the contents 
		of the three western architect issues (1913, 1915) showcasing p&e design; 
		writings by george grant elmslie; and selected publications from the era.



historical continuities






the acropolis, 1906




world's columbian exposition ticket, or,
    	be ancient now	
    	



court of [dis]honor
    	world's columbian exposition, 1893    	
    	



  		the pictures above reveal at a glance the organic argument, leaving only the 
		details of who said what to whom. 
  		when completed, this section will offer an overview of various narratives that make 
  		the organic greater than the sum of the parts.  
  		starting with the poetic insight of the transcendentalists, through the 
  		evolution of "fourth dimensional consciousness," the world's columbian 
  		exposition, and evolving modes of architectural education, the timestream 
  		flows over the course of a century from 1820-1920.  purcell and elmslie 
  		epitomize the essential practical outcome of the philosophical journey.  		


your feedback and contributions are greatly 
  appreciated. e-mail to organicus "at" gmail.com.

research courtesy mark hammons

