






synod of alberta & the territories – evangelical lutheran church in canada






































skip to content












 780-439-2636
                   
              
 abtsynodoffice@elcic.ca
              
                   
              
 e-newsletter   
                   
              
 donate 




menumenuour story





abt synod office

about uswhat we believebishop’s messagesynod office staffsynod council

code of conduct policysynod council highlightspassword access only 
area leadership teamssynod ministry teams 
 


abt synod information

abt synod constitution and bylawsabt governance manualabt synod narrative budgetabt synod financial statementsabt synod conventions

abt synod convention 2024abt online synod convention 2021abt synod 2018 
 
 


elcic

elcic constitution and bylawselcic governance materialselcic financial statementselcic national convention 2022 
 
 

our service





congregations

congregations listingcongregations mapcongregations seeking pastorscongregations offering online worship 
 


rostered ministers

pastors

pastors a-gpastors h-mpastors n-z 
deaconspulpit supplylicensed for serviceecumenical officersspiritual directors 
 


synod areas

east central areanorthern areasouthern areasouth western areawest central area 
 
 

our ministries





mission priorities

spirit-led leadershiphope-filled discipleshipinnovative traditioncollaborative partnerships 
 


joining in god’s mission

creative initiatives 
 


fulfilling our mission

resource generation task force

ponder anew 2022 
ministry teams

affirming diversitycampus ministry

u of a - augustana campus – camroseu of a & nait - edmontonu of c & mount royal – calgaryu of l & lcc - lethbridgemedicine hat college 
carecare of creationglobal mission

colombiael salvador 
learning

congregational life events 
study conferenceworship and artsyouth 
area gatheringshealthy boundarieslutheran care ministryretreat of our ownsynod connectpublications

wednesday’s wordcanada lutheran – abt insert 
 
 
 


 

our resources





resources for treasurersarticles of interest 


church resources

administration

abt archives informationcongregational constitutions 
call related

salary and expense information 2025letter of call and employment agreementsabt call manualfirst call programmerostered leader assessment 
congregations in transitioncra information for congregations 
minister resources

policiesformscongregations in transition 
 


student resources

what is a call to ministry?candidacy application informationfinancial support for studentstuition subsidy applicationannual development interview 
funding supportsupport our synod

synod gift acceptance policydonateplanned giving 
 
 


 

our partners





primary partners

evangelical lutheran church in canadaanglican church of canadamoravian church northern provincejoint anglican lutheran commissionthe lutheran theological seminarygroup services inc. 
 


secondary partners

calgary alliance for the common goodcalgary interfaith councilcanadian lutheran world reliefcharitusevangelical lutheran church in americaevangelical lutheran church of colombiagreater edmonton alliancegood samaritan societyicpmkairoslutheran world federationon eagle's wingsoutdoor ministry

camp kuriakosmulhurst camphastings lake bible campbraeburn lake camppeace lutheran bible campanglican youth camps 
world council of churches (wcc) 
 
 

search 




















upcoming events & activities




previous slide◀︎
next slide▶︎





registration is now open for the abt synod pre-clay 2025 trip
find information here.
youth participants register here.  youth consent form and covenant is available here.
home team leaders register here.  home team leader covenant is available here.





office of the bishop – open positions
the synod is currently inviting applications for the following positions:
assistant to the bishop
communications officer
these two part-time positions may be applied for separately or as one full-time position.
click each job title for more information.






covers for agm reports are available to order here or separate pages may be printed:  page 1, page 2, page 3, page 4.
bishop trish’s letter for congregational agms .
no narrative budget is available at this time.
please remember to submit to the synod office a copy (digital or print) of your congregation’s annual report once it is prepared.





rostered leaders, retired and active, and others who are interested are invited to register for the annual study conference set to take place in canmore, february 24-27, 2025.
click here to see details about the conference.
click here to register.




 

abt synod is inviting you to a scheduled zoom meeting.
join zoom meeting https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89674419219
meeting id: 896 7441 9219
please note that there will be no meeting in january 2025.




 

abt synod is inviting you to a scheduled zoom meeting.
join zoom meeting https://us02web.zoom.us/j/83444271784
meeting id: 834 4427 1784
please note that there will be no meeting in january 2025.





if you are donating to the synod by e-transfer,
please ensure that we have your current mailing address on file; this will enable us to issue you a tax receipt.
e-transfers to the synod should be linked to abtfinance@elcic.ca.  pertinent details may be included in the message line.




worship online

many congregations in our synod are livestreaming their services.
they invite you to join them online for worship on sunday morning;
information and links to join are available here.






january monthly message for congregations, lay and rostered leaders
february monthly message for congregations, lay and rostered leaders






clay 2025
current slide

office of the bishop — open positions
agm
2025 study conference
monthly meeting for lay leaders
monthly meeting for rostered leaders
e-transfers
congregations offering worship services online
correspondence









past events & activities




previous slide◀︎
next slide▶︎




candidacy committee
mulhurst lutheran camp
october 17-19, 2024




 
 

 
 




newsflash:   rooo is changing its name to loft (living our faith together)!
last year’s retreat was a great gathering, educational and thought-provoking, thanks to our presenter rev. clara king, from calgary.
we studied peter and his journey from being a brash young follower of jesus, through his betraying of christ just before the crucifixion, and his emergence as a pillar and leader of the early church.
  




st. joseph lutheran church rebuild
joy among sorrow as church plans for rebuild after devastating 2022 fire.
photo credit: sharolyn pedersen

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 






the synod mission formation ministry team is working for the establishment of a new congregation in calgary.
calgary lutheran mission is renting space for worship at hope lutheran, calgary.






candidacy committee
current slide

rooo
st. joseph lutheran church rebuild
calgary lutheran mission

















contact us synod of alberta and the territories
10014 – 81 avenue nw
edmonton, ab t6e 1w8
phone: 780-439-2636
toll free: 1-866-430-2636
email: abtsynodoffice@elcic.ca

 

enewsletter subscribe to our email enewsletter “wednesday’s word” to receive updates.
sign up

 

   

 

 
click to view calendar.

 







          © copyright 2025 synod of alberta & the territories all rights reserved  |  website design & development by vital effect


























