







tompkins county chamber of commerce




























































login
news
events
directory
contact
join the chamber!
























join the chamber!
login
events
directory
contact
about

our mission
meet the team
ambassadors
advocacy & policy priorities
diversity & inclusion
chamber foundation


membership

member benefits
marketing opportunities
get involved
affinity program
directory


business resources

start a business
business expansion & relocation
grant opportunities
workforce development


live & work

careers
community
quality of life
relocation support
community events
welcome home wednesdays


visit












 














we foster growth.the tompkins chamber works to forge links between and among business and government, community organizations, local residents, and institutions.
visit ithaca













we promote.the tompkins chamber promotes tompkins county through creative and innovative marketing with the tompkins county convention & visitors bureau.
visit ithaca













we attract.the tompkins chamber works to attract and retain a well matched and talented workforce. this is vital for making our community a great place to live, work, and play!
live in ithaca













we advocate.the tompkins chamber advocates for a free enterprise system and sound economic development in tompkins county. see some of the legislation we are currently supporting.
what we do




































we are a progressive, forward-thinking organization dedicated to promoting business in our region.

join us
















upcoming events

view event calendar








we are here to build a stronger community for everyone.

join us



doug levine, ceo, state theatre of ithaca
chamber member since 2003










tompkins county  is a great place to live, work, and play!

you may be looking for a next step in your career, craving a sense of deeper community, or looking for a chance to breathe in a higher quality of life – and you’ve come to the right place. we’re proud of our opportunities, our growth and success, and our people.

make ithaca home














live
in tompkins county


discover more








our stories










 

leadership tompkins program applications open for 2025 cohort

leadership tompkins info + faq   2024 end of year report   apply here > deadline extended to september... 













 

brandmint

congratulations member of the week! brandmint's strategic planning process serves as the critical foundation upon... 













 

american crafts by robbie dein

congratulations member of the week! american crafts by robbie dein is located right in the commons. they are proud to... 










view more stories








thank you to our major investors:



















































 














tompkins chamber124 brindley streetithaca, new york 14850



connect with us:

followfollowfollowfollowfollow

phone: 607-273-7080info@tompkinschamber.org



chamber news and events delivered to your inbox weekly:




















subscribe






thanks for subscribing!












copyright ©2025 tompkins county chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.privacy & terms



 











































