



















 


ahla foundation | home








 














contribute

give
 about

our mission
our people
our donors
resources


our work

academic programs
apprenticeship program
empowering youth program
forward
mentorship
professional development scholarships
no room for trafficking


research

funded research


events
news
contribute
search
 

 






        we’re building tomorrow’s hotel industry today.    




changing hospitality by changing lives
the foundation is dedicated to helping people build careers, improve their lives and strengthen the lodging industry. 









investing in our communities
our industry supports more than one in 25 american jobs on-site at hotels and throughout communities – totaling 8.3 million jobs across the country. 









shaping the hotel workforce
from entry-level employees to general managers, we are here to strengthen the superstars of hospitality – the hotel workers – to make this industry brighter today and tomorrow. 










attend an event
gain exposure for your brand and network with the hotel industry’s top executives while supporting a great cause – the future of our industry. join us!



learn more





$5m
committed to diversity, equity and inclusion programs

$1m+
in academic scholarships annually

$370k
invested annually in opportunity youth training for entry-level jobs

1m+
specialized anti-trafficking trainings completed by industry employees since 2020











our impact areas
recruitment


                            learn more



we help hospitality recruit top talent to secure the hospitality industry for generations to come.







our impact areas
retention


                            learn more



we support programs that provide the training and experience needed to cultivate a dynamic, life-long career in the hospitality industry.







our impact areas
advancement


                            learn more



programming and resources to enrich the company culture and help industry employees reach their full potential. 







our impact areas
research


                            learn more



the ahla foundation funds research to explore critical issues facing the industry. 






recruitment



retention



advancement



research








we can’t do this without you.


the foundation relies solely on contributions from generous individuals and organizations who want to give back to hotel industry employees and the communities where they work and live. 
help strengthen the hotel industry today. 



                contribute                




our donors give generously. we thank them sincerely. 2023 top donors




 





 





 





 





 





 


 












night of a thousand stars 2024 donors




 





 





 


 




















 



                    contact
                

                    1250 eye street, n.w. suite 1100
                    washington, d.c. 20005

                        (202) 289-3180

                        foundation@ahla.com




                    partner organizations
                
american hotel & lodging association (ahla)
american hotel & lodging educational institute (ahlei)
 


                    we can’t do this without you.                


                        contribute                        








                copyright 2022, ahla foundation. all rights reserved            
careers
privacy policy
terms of use
 











