







maintstar - public works enterprise asset management software



















































 













please, for better display use newer browser version







request a demo
















home
solutions
 public works enterprise asset management (eams)
land management
citizen engagement
gis

services
about us
 overview
careers

resources
 success stories
brochures
media
video testimonials

contact us
request a demo







performance meets ease-of-use
asset & land management software for local, state and federal government
government agencies have big jobs, with many moving parts. that’s why automated efficiency has never been more critical. maintstar cloud-based software enables your city, county and state government to strategically and cost-effectively manage assets, track processes and keep your communities functioning at their best. start your journey




 

 

 



 


our difference
process efficiency at every step: 
our powerful workflow engines help automate complex tasks—serving as your all-in-one software platform to manage assets and streamline development services. from intake to output, maintstar software tracks activities in real-time, informs all parties, sends automated notifications and manages everything from a convenient dashboard. 




asset management & maintenance software
asset management made easy: 
if you control or manage it, we can track it. our cloud-based software lets you see all your assets—and what condition they’re in. it consolidates useful data to help decision-makers maintain and replace assets, view works in progress, track work orders and expenditures, and streamline budget planning. with built-in gis capabilities, all data is updated in real-time and easily managed from dashboards—making it one of the simplest software platforms you’ll ever use.  





land management software
 powered for productivity:  
why waste time and money with multiple software platforms, when you can do it all with one? with maintstar’s cloud-based land management software, you can automate workflows across every department and function. this helps to improve the speed, visibility and accuracy of building, planning and development services. included are plan reviews, zoning, cloud-based permitting, requests, code enforcement issues, citizen portal and more. 








citizen engagement online citizen portal: more transparency, more satisfaction
by providing a one-stop site for people to submit requests, track progress, verify updates, pay fees and reduce in-person visits, citizens have a better experience (while reducing the burden on your staff). it’s a win-win. 
learn more


support one cornerstone of our business is our commitment to excellent customer service and support. we strive to give every client a first-class experience, every time. 

learn more


success stories the proof is in our satisfied customers. any organization can tell you how great they are – we’d rather have our customers tell you…
learn more





citizen engagement online citizen portal: more transparency, more satisfaction
by providing a one-stop site for people to submit requests, track progress, verify updates, pay fees and reduce in-person visits, citizens have a better experience (while reducing the burden on your staff). it’s a win-win.  learn more


 






support one cornerstone of our business is our commitment to excellent customer service and support. we strive to give every client a first-class experience, every time. 
 learn more


 






success stories the proof is in our satisfied customers. any organization can tell you how great they are – we’d rather have our customers tell you… learn more


 









what's happening






 




maintstar 15 is here!
we are excited to announce that maintstar 15 is here! asset & maintenance management software redesigned from the ground up. we combined technology (previously not available) with feedback from our long-term customers to create an impressive new system for you.
read more







our 
partners












interested in learning more? find out how maintstar can help…

take the next step



 











with more than 35 years of proven experience and results, maintstar data-driven software enables local cities, counties, state and federal governments to strategically and cost-efficiently maintain their communities—with ongoing support that keeps them thriving.


maintstar
solutions
services
about us
resources
contact us
request a demo



contact
3510 turtle creek blvd, unit 17b, dallas, tx 75219

p: (949) 458-7560

                            e: info@maintstar.com




connect with us


 











connect
 
need more information?
contact us







©2025 maintstar
all rights reserved
privacy policy
terms & conditions
site by butier design



















