

prince.org: where fans of prince music meet and stay up-to-date








independent and unofficialprince fan community





 home   forums   gallery   chat   events    orgnotes   my org     
welcome! sign up or enter username  and password  to   remember me


the latest news
send us a storythe grammys to give prince the lifetime achievement award
grammy awards week to honor prince with special merit award on 1 february 2025
posted by beaugarde in prince: music and more (30 comments)
grammy nomination for diamonds and pearls sde
diamonds and pearls super deluxe edition has received a 2025 grammy nomination for best historical album
posted by acole in prince: music and more (19 comments)
tyka nelson has passed away
tyka nelson has passed away.  post your condolences on this thread.  no negative posts please.
posted by luv4u in prince: music and more (42 comments)
purple rain house - wendy & lisa collaboration with airbnb
have you ever wanted to stay at the the purple rain house?  well, here's your chance!  bookings start october 2, 2024, starting at 8:00 a.m., central time.
posted by luv4u in associated artists & people (3 comments)
prince "finally" inducted into the songwriters hall of fame
this is wonderful.  been a long time coming.
posted by luv4u in prince: music and more (18 comments)
celebration 2024: thursday 20 june - monday 24 june
celebration 2004 at paisley park discussed here
posted by bizzie in prince: music and more (31 comments)
diamonds and pearls sde
the long-anticipated multi-disc release (in various formats) is now available to pre-order for 27 october release: https://store.prince.com/
posted by lustmealways in prince: music and more (848 comments)
marvels of modern music feat: prince @ rr auction
 rr auctions is back with yet more prince goodies. lots of great stuff here... gold experience mic... gb cufflinks... sealed black album whuttt...
posted by bostonrr in prince: music and more (27 comments)
celebration announcement: 2023
paisley park announces performers and special appearances for 8-11 june, 2023
posted by lustmealways in prince: music and more (141 comments)
celebration 2022 - part 2
post your experiences, pics etc.
posted by luv4u in fan gatherings (21 comments)
iconic auction "prince" collectibles up for bid now (ends saturday!)
 iconic auctions has 17 prince-related items up for auction right now, including some really cool stuff (outfits, jewelry...) check it out!
posted by iconicauctions in the marketplace: for sale/trade (3 comments)
new ban for morris day & the time from the prince estate
seems the prince estate has now banned morris day from using morris day & the time name in any capacity. read more about it.
posted by blacksweat86 in associated artists & people (232 comments)
prince estate denies use of 'nothing compares 2 u' in o'connor documentary
the estate of world-renowned singer prince denied the use of 'nothing compares 2 u' in a recently debuted documentary about the life and career of sinéad o'connor. click link to read more. what is your take on this? surprised?
posted by luv4u in prince: music and more (64 comments)
sony new reissues for february 2022
oh sweeeeet!!  check it out!!
posted by rodserling in prince: music and more (109 comments)
dj brotha jules has passed away
dj brotha jules has passed away.  did dj'ing for prince was a big part of the purple community. condolences to his family.
posted by luv4u in associated artists & people (16 comments)

stay in touch via 
twitter |
facebook



upcoming events
also see the complete calendar. want to tell us about an event?
on february 16th in prince history...
1997love 4 one another - honolulu, hi (usa)19831999 triple threat - macon, ga (usa)1980prince tour - new york, ny (usa) 


quotable members“this is one of the reasons i believe that his death, prince's, should not be held silent just to appease those who can't deal with it, or think it's too long after, or etc., etc., etc.  yadda, yadda, yadda. nobody should put their own beliefs, or restrictions, upon somebody else. nobody should bitch at another person because their discomfort in dealing with something should be the same yours. you should be able to grieve for as long as you need to, publicly or privately. the choice in posting this thread is that simple for me. and anyone who has discomfort with this discussion should not click on the thread - the topic or subject matter, is clearly listed in the title. if it is not for you, simply skip this thread. no one will miss you or your reason for doing so. ”—june7, 1/19 in the forums
“when he lived with me, i thought he wasn’t doing anything during the day while i was away at work, but i found out that he was teaching other kids in the building how to play instruments and that they would have jam sessions. prince was the kind of person who like to teach and bring out the best in others. - sharon nelson on her brother, prince”—june7, 8/17 in the forums
“well, that wb deal for the pr reissue was developed by those who really didn’t know my brothers business, we are not consulted or asked for input on any of the released materials.  you are probably going to see many more mistakes since many of those in charge are not asking us for input and are making decisions while attempting to learn prince 101. - sharon nelson”—june7, 8/17 in the forums
see more quotes

 
forums
prince-related discussion forums
prince: music and more
discuss prince, his music, etc. here (112,745 topics)
music: non-prince
discuss other artists here. (108,429 topics)
art, podcasts, & fan content
showcase your own works in music, visual art, writing and discuss equipment, techniques, etc (9,076 topics)
concerts
where they're at, how to get to the shows, how to meet up with other .org'ers, where to eat nearby :-), and reports on the shows go here. (14,078 topics)
past, present, future sites
talk about official prince websites here. (4,853 topics)
fan gatherings
throwing a fan party? want to find a get-together? trying to organize a local club? post here. (4,015 topics)
associated artists & people
talk about ex-bandmembers, ex-girlfriends, etc... (13,125 topics)
the marketplace: for sale/trade
ads for goodies here. read the prince.org site faq before posting. (7,284 topics)
general forums for non-prince related talk
general discussion
topics that don't fit into one of the other forums, such as current affairs, sports, etc. (121,537 topics)
prince.org site discussion
got an issue with, or suggestion for the site? also, the latest changes are posted here. (5,100 topics)
most active/latest topics



live chat

 enter a 'handle' to be known by in the chatroom, and click 'go chat!'


handle: 











opinion poll

do you still listen to prince music?
yes, i do.
no, i don't
sometimes
   see results 



gallery
a randomly-selected image from our gallery...
 sheila e. 'the glamorous life' 

german cd pressing - cat # wb 759925107 ...© 1984 warner bros
to see more, visit the gallery.
you can send us new pictures too! 



prince.org: still would stand all time
prince has been gone 17 (+3207) days,
17 (+3207) long nights.
but the music never dies, and prince.org will be here for you, the community, as long
  as you want us to be.
  
thank you for continuing to contribute to this vibrant sanctuary for all
   those who believe in the power of the funk, of lovesexy, and most importantly,
   each other.


copyright © 1998-2025 prince.org. all rights reserved.
  about ·
terms of service ·
privacy ·
contact us  
 



