






 







home - johnson county democrats of iowa




















































 


skip to content 







democratic news from johnson county iowa 











home 
about us about jcdems 
legacy leadership club (llc) 
county precincts 
executive committee 
platforms 
policies 
constitution of the johnson county democratic party (2024) 
by-laws 
jobs 

volunteer 
news 
events 
press 
central committee about 
central committee membership 
meeting minutes 

contact us contact us 
newsletter 

¡bienvenidx! 
 








 



 



 

 
























 








 







 




 

 

  

 

  

 

  

 

  

 

 








                                                donate                                        







                                                jc dems merchandise                                        







                                                join the legacy leadership club                                        













                    our democratic values            













 







                                    all are welcome here                            

            democrats believe in equal opportunity for all, regardless of race, color, origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, or veteran status.        




 

 







                                    for the people                            

            democrats believe that government should serve the people, not the 1% or big corporations.        




 

 







                                    shelter and security                            

            democrats believe that all who live here should have access to food, shelter, and security.        




 



 







                                    education for all                            

            democrats believe that education should be a priority, and that every american has a right to quality education.        




 

 







                                    healthcare for all                            

            democrats believe that we all have the right to quality healthcare and reasonable insurance options.        




 

 







                                    environment                            

            democrats believe that the climate crisis is upon us and that protecting our environment is a top priority.        




 

 







                                    voting rights                            

            democrats believe that all citizens have the right to vote without impediment, and that gerrymandering should be struck down.        




 











                    stay informed with weekly updates!            

                    get the latest news and events in your inbox weekly. fill out the form to join our mailing list!            










email address *
first name 
last name 

 
 
 




 





 

















back to top



 








© the democratic party of johnson county. paid for by the democratic party of johnson county, iowa 








 
 










 







 

