










antiques by design - online antiques catalogue














antiques by design



latest additions
 
reclaimed mirrors
 
reclaimed lighting
 
reclaimed furniture
 
 
garden furniture
 
misc.
 
furniture
 
lamp shades
 


 
antiques by design is an innovative
      company that uses a combination of antiques, reclaimed
      items and old materials to create beautiful and unique
      interior and exterior
      pieces. 
antiques by design md guy chenevix-trench is now an artisan for the bbc programme 'money for nothing' & 'celebrity money for nothing' up-cycling many unusual items into designer lighting for them to sell.
we offer a bespoke service especially to interior designers, hotel, restaurant & bar world, with our widespread sourcing,
      we will be able to meet your personal requests and designs.
      commission work is always gladly taken on and we enjoy
      working with your ideas to create original and distinctive
      pieces. please call to discuss your requirements. 
we are now able to offer a custom reclaimed lighting service, we can turn your favourite items into beautiful decorative lamps,  such as old sports equipment, musical instruments, tools etc. have a look at our reclaimed lighting section above to see examples of our work, if you are interested please do not hesitate to get in touch. 

mirrors
antiques by design reclaim and restore victorian and regency
      iron and traditional wooden windows. they are then imaginatively
      converted into strikingly distinctive decorative mirrors.
lighting
we have a creative selection of reclaimed sporting and
      musical memorabilia, antique farming implements, and other
      unusual and archaic items which are hand crafted into luxury
      lamps and chandeliers of all sizes. 
furniture
the company customises aged galvanised cattle water tanks
      into console, coffee, kitchen and pub tables. we also stock
      other antique and garden furniture which can also be made
      to order to add a unique style to any space.
reclaim, recycle, reuse. 
    press instagram logo for pictures.




  top  




contact

    guy chenevix trench
address: apple barn, woodham mortimer, nr maldon, essex, england, cm9 6tl
viewing by appointment only.
mobile: +44(0)7710 021010
email: guytrench@icloud.com
we are situated in the south east of england approximately 40 miles east of london in essex near the historic coastal town of maldon on the river blackwater.
disclaimer

 the content on our site does not constitute advice on which you should rely.  it is provided for general information purposes only.  professional or specialist advice should always be sought before taking any action relating to up-cycling, retailing, restoring, antique furniture, mirrors  			and lighting, commission work, electrical work.
 we make no representation, warranty, or guarantee that our site will meet your requirements, that it will not infringe the rights of third parties, that it will be compatible with all software and hardware, or that it will be secure.
 we make reasonable efforts to ensure that the content on our site is complete, accurate, and up-to-date.  we do not, however, make any representations, warranties or guarantees (whether express or implied) that the content is complete, accurate, or up-to-date.



 

 latest additions



 
pair of french hart balcony railings now a console.





 
vintage golf club trophy





 
vintage golf club trophy





 
vintage golf book ends






 
 
 
 













