









saint thomas lutheran – connecting individuals to jesus











































































 











skip to content





 















saint thomas lutheran

connecting individuals to jesus








menu

home
about us

what we believe
we are “here to serve”
history
staff


worship

frequently asked questions
online worship
bulletins


get involved

bible reading
children
community services

anonymous groups
preschool


faith hope love small group
food pantry
men’s & women’s groups
music
youth


news & events

calendar
congregational connector
thursday’s thirst


resources

prayer list
obituaries
mission support
baptismal application
old records
documents
the flock


contact us

map & directions


 










 

prayer listand we remember those who protect and nurture life on this earth, along with all military families, emergency responders, and hospital, nursing home and hospice care workers. [...]

i-can tutoring

february 9, 2025 bulletinin the year that king uzziah died i saw the lord sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up; and the train of his robe filled the temple. above him stood the seraphim. each had six wings: with two he covered his face, and with two he covered his feet, and with two he flew. and one called to another and said: “holy, holy, holy is the lord of hosts; the whole earth is full of his glory!” [...]

halfwayearlier in the week, as i was sensing my own initial weariness of the winder, someone mentioned to me how they are starting to go stir-crazy.  as the week progressed, the same theme was presented to me by a wider spectrum of people in a variety of ways.  so i did a little math on the situation and came to conclusion that i find very personally helpful:  winter starts on or about december 21 and ends on or about march 21.  this makes the mid-point of winter to be today – february 6. [...]

outreach & discipling: jesus’ stylegreg finke has personally used this model effectively and trained many congregations nationally. the components of the training will include strategic praying for the mission, using the word of god as a guide, learning how to be a good neighbor, discovering our god story, and telling our god story. the day will provide an opportunity for congregations to encourage and support one another and a template to meet throughout the year for follow up and feedback. [...]

 





 
untitled presentationoriginalsassthursdaystl slidesuntitled 




 


video



 









contact us address
23801 kelly rd.
eastpointe, mi 48021
(586) 772-3370
(586) 772-6265 fax
church office

churchoffice@stl-eastpointe.org


 

random bible versenow faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen.hebrews 11:1 

service times sunday 9:30am
monday 7:30pm
office hours
m-th: 9am – 3pm

 








copyright © 2025 saint thomas lutheran. all rights reserved. theme spacious by themegrill. powered by: wordpress. 
my account
 
























