










majestic stone | natural tennessee stone in chattanooga, tn










































































skip to content













menu


products

accessories
landscaping stone
veneer


projects
about
find a dealer
view catalog
 















































your home is an amazing place


your home is a place of peace. a place of rest. your refuge. there’s a steadiness to natural stone that’s more than material, a straightforward honesty in its strength. that kind of dependability, that loyalty, is something majestic stone can relate to. for over two decades, we've been blessed to provide natural stone to residential and commercial projects nationwide.to us, work is about more than stone... it's about home.https://www.elle-roses.com 







learn more








































 
we call chattanooga, tennessee home but most of our stone is produced on the foothills of the cumberland plateau in dayton, tn. operating multiple quarries and selling through a strong nationwide dealer network, we produce a variety of landscape and building stone products. 



see products


 
 

































natural stone products 
with dozens of products and styles to choose from, majestic stone can be your natural stone supplier whether you’re designing a single home or developing a community of homes. we produce consistent products that will stand the test of time.
elleroses news



see products


 
 



























trusted by dealers nationwide


majestic stone is proud to partner with a trusted network of dealers across the nation, ensuring consistent access to our premium natural stone products. our commitment to quality and service has earned the confidence of architects, designers, and builders nationwide.https://www.elle-roses.com 







distributor locator












































































































































































































































 
















we'd be honored to supply stone for your home


featured homes 






















 


laurelbrook brown












 


cameron harbor












 


laurelbrook grey













view more projects





















why choose us?
















 




 the source









your projects and customers matter to us. and that's why we quarry. for over 20 years, majestic stone has been quarrying some of the finest natural tennessee flagstone in the region but we only do this to control the source and create a dependable and consistent supply chain to our distributors. direct access to the source and fabrication facility, creates a faster and more reliable process than others.  

















 




 craftsmanship









we are not just stonework professionals; we consider ourselves craftsmen. with over two decades of passion for our craft, majestic stone operates a state of the art fabrication facility utilizing the latest equipment in the industry to produce high quality products for architects and designers across the country. our veneer saws, jaguar saws, flooring saws, breakers and tumblers, give us the ability to achieve the finished product you desire no matter the application. 

















 




 legacy









stonework is about the memories we make – grandchildren’s feet pattering on the cobblestones, the family’s laughter echoing through the house, friends gathered around the outdoor fireplace. the stories we’ll remember, in places that last. the quality, durability, and authenticity of natural stone are values we hold dear. from our quarry to your home, let's build a legacy that stands the test of time. 






















have questions for us?
please feel free to reach out to us. we love questions and feedback!




talk to us












 

















products




projects




about




contact

























 
















6219 ogden rd, dayton, tn 37321 | (423) 775-1907


shipping & receiving: mon-thurs 8am-4pm, fri 8am-1pm est 






 




 




 
















proud member:


























 
2018 majestic stone. all rights reserved. website by crash creative.
 
 









 

















