







lynne cohen foundation


















































































































              about us
            

        the seam
      

              kickin cancer
            

              peony project
            

            events calendar
          

            tribute funds
          

            press
          



        donate
      








































































about usthe seamkickin cancerpeony projectevents calendartribute fundspress







education. connection. community




donate































support the cause
donate →










reflecting on 2024
view our end of year summary →









series for education &awareness in medicine
explore →









lynne cohen foundation marketplace
shop for good →









our mission
learn more →









kickin' cancer 5k & 10k
learn more →










 

what we dothe lynne cohen foundation serves all women facing increased risk for ovarian and breast cancers. with education programs and comprehensive preventive care clinics, we arm these women and their families with the knowledge, tools, and clinical support they need to take action early, survive, and thrive. expanding preventive care access in marginalized bipoc communities, in particular, has been a part of our mission since day 1. over the past 20+ years, lynne cohen foundation preventive care clinics have provided free testing and clinical services to thousands of at-risk women who would otherwise not have had access to these resources. we are honored to continue expanding the availability of preventive care to all who need it. 

 


    learn more
  








our clinics






clinics

























lynne cohen project for women with increased risk for cancer at langone medical center
































lynne cohen project for women with increased risk for cancer at bellevue medical center
































lynne cohen & georgia cord preventive care clinic for women’s cancers at usc norris comprehensive cancer center




















    learn more
  






   







 

education



educational opportunities range from the clinic to the living room, and arm you with the knowledge, tools and insights needed to feel aware, safe, and supported. 

 


    learn more
  

 

prevention



our preventive care clinics house multi-disciplinary teams of doctors and specialists dedicated to assessing your risk, implementing a management plan, and supporting you along the way.

 


    learn more
  

 

community



the lynne cohen foundation tribute funds offer individuals and families a unique and personal way to honor and remember our loved ones affected by ovarian and breast cancer.

 


    learn more
  






 

“i always strived to be a best friend, no matter how great or how crummy my day was. when i look back, what matters most is that i was there for the people i loved.”-lynne cohen (1944-1998)

 




 


    watch the full video
  

 












 











kickin’ cancer!at kickin’ cancer!®, it’s all about getting sweaty for the cause, making new friends, and celebrating life. 




    learn more & register
  

   

the series for education & awareness in medicine the series for education and awareness in medicine (the seam) is the lynne cohen foundation's educational arm. here you will find key information on developments in women's public health, news from stakeholders in the cancer research community, and practical wellness advice grounded in more than 20 years of medical expertise from clinical experts.




    join the conversation
  











 






shop for goodintroducing the lynne cohen foundation marketplace, a hub of purposeful shopping for a brighter, cancer-free future. every item in the marketplace is powered by a women-owned business, and, when you shop here, up to 80% of your purchase directly contributes to lynne cohen foundation preventive care clinics.




    visit the marketplace
  

 










generation love delilah crepe blazer$305














apothenne 9 oz embodiment collection candle $38.00














sammy + nat logan set in black iris (navy)$45














beatrice valenzuela coral sandalia$275












subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!










home



what we do



our clinics



image



data



quote



video



events & orgs



marketplace



newsletter












info@lcfocr.org


hours




aboutdonatefundraiseeventstribute-fundseducationour historypressprivacy policy






































info@lcfocr.org | 1112 montana ave, suite 861, santa monica ca 90403
























site by ampersand collective

 









