



jew's harp guild website 2015



























updated april, 2019  

the najhfest is returning!!  june 26-30th 2019.  there is a group site reserved at schwartz campground near cottage grove. email porky miller at porky.najh at gmail.com for pre-registration!!

on thursday evening (the 27th ) there is a meet & greet gathering at the axe and fiddle pub, 657 e. main st.in downtown cottage grove, with a harpist open mic. friday and saturday festivities  will include live performances, a raffle (donations welcome), various workshops, vendors, family friendly camping, and a band scramble!! mark your calendars, gather your instruments and come join us!! note: camping is limited to 50 people, and first come first serve... camping must be registered through najh.  > we are looking for volunteers for the fest. please feel free to contact any of us with inquiries :) please visit the jews' harp guild facebook group or the
 north american jaw harpist group ( https://www.facebook.com/najawharpists/ ) or email porky miller at porky.najh at gmail.com for more information.some website features may not be working. thank you for your patience!
 

			mark (jhg webmaster / editor)


































welcome to the

						jew's harp guild







we are a organization 
						dedicated to preserving the 
						history and art of this, and other, ancient, unique,
						
						or culturally significant acoustic instruments.





we hope this website 
						will educate 
						and entertain you.  











the jew's harp is a small 
						musical instrument
						which is held against the teeth or lips, and plucked with 
						the fingers. its appearance in many cultures of the world, 
						and ancient roots, attest to the magical essence of this 
						simple instrument. 












go here to learn more about the jew's harp

go here to hear 
			the jew's harp (mp3s)
recordings made possible 
			by mouthmusic.com




 







here's what we 
have to offer






















north american
			jew's harp festival
 festival news

past festival photos,
 slide shows & videos
			 



discussion group
review previous discussions
			about the instrument. this group has been supercesded by the jhg facebook group. join us there
 
 
 




















online newsletter
news & info
			columns & articles
			over a decade of past issues
 




jew's harp guild
			information 
about 
			the jew's harp guild
			history of the jew's harp
			how to play the jew's harp
			pictorial archive
			reference information
 





 







member submitted picture library
be part of our
			pictorial archive







 









 





we encourage the participation 
of people interested 
in other unique musical instruments.





 
this site is best viewed in 
800 x 600 x 64k colors or better

