









first religious society of newburyport, ma - first religious society of newburyport








































 







 









latest news
pledge 2024-2025
donate
employment
frs directory
contact
calendar
 
 












i’m new

welcome!
children’s & youth programming
member stories
what is unitarian universalism?


spirituality & learning

worship & sermons
spiritual development
music, arts & concerts


connect & serve

calendar
learning together ministries
social justice ministries
church operations ministries


about

mission & vision
news & publications
facility
who’s who
parish board
contact, directions & parking
employment opportunities


 





select page


  
 



 



 















welcome
welcome to first religious society, a place where you will be welcomed regardless of your age, religion, race, gender, sexual orientation, or socio-economic status. a place where you can grow spiritually, morally and intellectually.








welcome
welcome to first religious society, a place where you will be welcomed regardless of your age, religion, race, gender, sexual orientation, or socio-economic status. a place where you can grow spiritually, morally and intellectually.








welcome
welcome to first religious society, a place where you will be welcomed regardless of your age, religion, race, gender, sexual orientation, or socio-economic status. a place where you can grow spiritually, morally and intellectually.












february theme: relationships



annual ministry theme: truth







sunday, february 16, 2025
becoming (more of a) both/and people



attend on zoom only



service starts at 10:30amzoom only
 







sunday, february 16, 2025becoming (more of a) both/and people10:30am on zoom only
**church buildings will be closed on sunday due to the weather forecast**
we unitarian universalists often speak of seeking to be in “right relationship” with each other, and perhaps especially with people who have been marginalized. what about right relationship with those who disagree with our goals for our community? it seems a crucial question for a nation, a society, a “body politic” as divided as ours. rev. stan barrett, one of our affiliate ministers and an frs member since 2002, has wondered intensely about this question for at least the last four years. he’s not sure how much he has to show for it, but he does have some ideas. as our beloved minister emeritus harold babcock used to say, “the sermon will investigate.”
“deep democracy is our sense that the world is here to help us become our entire selves, and that we are here to help the world become whole.” –arnold mindell

attend the service on zoom



tuesday, february 18, 2025an evening service of music and poetry with rev. rebecca and nick placesanctuary and streamed on youtube, 7-8pm
join us for this special midweek service which will feature director of church music nick place playing piano and singing thoughtfully selected music and rev. rebecca sharing poems to inspire peace, solidarity, and rejuvenation.
date change: congregational board discussion
the congregational board discussion has been rescheduled to february 23 when it will be part of the worship service. more details to come soon.
postponed: community coffee hour: supporting the immigrant community
this meeting will be held at later date to be determined.



rev. rebecca’s faithful response after the election









the latest news & events











an evening service of music and poetry

join us on tuesday, february 18 in the sanctuary for this special midweek service which will feature director of church music nick place playing piano and singing thoughtfully selected music and rev. rebecca sharing poems to inspire peace, solidarity, and rejuvenation.





congregational-wide read: caste

beginning on february 3, we will be reading caste: the origins of our discontents by isabel wilkerson. isabel wilkerson explores how america has been shaped by a caste system that influences people’s lives and behavior and our nation’s fate. linking the caste systems...





coffee hour and board q&a

join us after worship on sunday february 23 at 11:30am for coffee and fellowship and a chance to ask board members your questions about plans for renovating the parish hall.





contemplative worship at frs: touching the sacred within

led by rev. alan seale. when: the first sunday of january, february, march and april at 8am in the sanctuary contemplation has been described as “a long loving look at the real” and “a pure intuition of being, born of love” (21st-century mystic william mcnamara)....





wilson music series 2025: cuban art song project

cuban art song project. isabella lamadriz and pablo zinger will perform an hour of cuban love songs in celebration of valentine’s day. the cuban art song project (casp) seeks to promote underperformed cuban art song, zarzuela, and popular music and to encourage the...





maker mondays craft circle with rev. laurel

rev. laurel (and her dog henry) invite you to join her on the first and third mondays of the month during lunch hour from 11am-1pm for a chance to knit, stitch, draw, and create in community with other frs members and friends. don't have a project? you can just stop...





wilson music series: champlain trio on 3/30

march 30, 3:00 p.m. (please note different start time) – champlain trio – violinist letitia quante, cellist emily taubl, and pianist hiromi fukuda came together as an ensemble in the spring of 2020. all three musicians earned degrees from the juilliard school among...





wilson music series: justin murphy-mancini on 3/23

justin murphy-mancini, organist will perform on sunday, march 23 at 4pm. former director of church music at first religious society uu and current paul fritts endowed chair; assistant professor of music, organ at pacific lutheran university, justin is a keyboardist...





wilson music series: improbable beasts on 3/2

improbable beasts will perform at frs on sunday, march 2 at 4pm. they are a boston-based professional bass clarinet ensemble dedicated to bringing the deeply expressive power of multiple bass clarinets before a broad audience, their repertoire ranges from renaissance...



« older entries










tour the frs campus and buildings





follow our drone footage as we fly to the top of frs’s steeple featuring a glass-eyed gilded weathercock which overlooks downtown newburyport and merrimack river. from there, you’ll get a first-hand look at our campus grounds and the interior of our meetinghouse and sanctuary which dates back to 1801. rev. rebecca, our senior minister, welcomes you and all who seek a place of spiritual community and faith here. to close, nick place, our director of church music, plays the organ which dates back to 1834 and we close with a view of the bell from the foundry of paul revere and sons bell.













social justice





children & youth programming





sermons



 









26 pleasant street
newburyport, ma 01950
(978) 465-0602
info@frsuu.org

join our email list














name*


first



last


email*

how did you hear about us?*search enginefrs membersfamily/friendsnewscaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















 






facebook


©2022 first religious society of newburyport. all rights reserved. | privacy policy
 







pin it on pinterest
































share this





facebook





twitter





pinterest





google+










 






































