





  




legendary drummer rayford griffin




































































rayford griffin


menu
home
reflections of brownie
media
albums

reflections of brownie
cherokee – (single)
rebirth of the cool


bio
contact





rayford griffin









apr 6
2017

rayford  to tour the us this summer with french violinist jean luc ponty



legendary french violinist jean luc ponty and his band will be bringing their “atlantic years” tour to the us beginning late may 2017. “we’re calling it ‘the atlantic years’ tour since i am touring with my band from the late 70’s – 80’s with whom i recorded several albums for atlantic records, says jean luc.” the tour kicks of may 30th in portland, or at the aladdin theater.
the jean luc ponty band features:
jean luc ponty – violin   |   rayford griffin – drums   |   wally minko – keyboards   |  jamie glaser – guitars   |   baron browne – bass
jean luc ponty is a pioneer and undisputed master of the violin in the arena of jazz and rock. he is widely regarded as an innovator who has applied his unique visionary spin that has expanded the vocabulary of modern music.
jean luc ponty band 2017 us tour dates ›
 
source: broadway world






tweet











apr 2
2017

remembering george duke


whur 96.3 fm presents everette harp and friends featuring rayford griffin, chante moore, phil perry, brian bromberg, brian simpson, dwight sills, the berks horns.
april 8th, 1:30 p.m.
berks jazz fest @ doubletree by hilton reading ballroom
$49 (reserved seating)
order your tickets here






tweet











oct 2
2016

rayford griffin @ st. james live, part 1









tweet











apr 2
2016

rayford griffin @ st james jazz club


saturday april 16th, 2016
come on out if you are in the atlanta ga area. the show starts at 9pm.
peace & blessings,
rayford g.






tweet











mar 13
2016

rayford griffin to perform at spaghettini in seal beach on march 26th, 8pm


if you want a real treat this month make your way to spaghettini’s jazz club in seal beach, ca to hear rayford griffin performing music from his newly released album titled ‘reflections of brownie’ (a tribute to his uncle clifford brown) on saturday, march 26, 2016. show begins at 8:00 p.m.
playing with rayford will be dontae winslow – trumpet, kieth mckelly – saxophone, hans zermuehlen – keyboards and sekou bunch – bass.
this amazing percussionist, composer and producer has roots that extend back to the most revolutionary era of jazz – be bop – thanks to his uncle: the great trumpeter/composer clifford brown. in that spirit, rayford just completed “reflections of brownie” – his second album as a leader and his first since 2003’s rebirth of the cool
rayford griffin has been internationally respected as among the most inventive, volcanic and versatile drummers in music, having amassed stellar credits with virtuosos ranging from jean-luc ponty and the stanley clarke band, george duke, to dave koz, anita baker and michael jackson to name a few.
rayford is currently touring with prog-fusion supergroup the anderson ponty band . yes founding member/vocalist jon anderson and revered jazz fusion violinist jean luc ponty.
for more information visit the spaghettini website. 
 for tickets: http://hyperurl.co/euizhr






tweet











feb 24
2016

my new bass drumhead from remo



i got some head!……bass drumhead that is. thanks ‪‎remo!
buy reflections of brownie at cd baby or download on itunes!
read more about uncle clifford brown here.
 

 
 






tweet









1
2
» 

 
 





buy at cd babyit”s a totally refreshing take! it's a great thing rayford griffin is doing bringing his late uncle clifford brown with him into the 21st century. 
rayford has given a new voice and a contemporary one at that to his uncle. he has gone where few if any jazzers have gone by bringing an entire repertoire of jazz standards and puts them into a modern setting while still paying homage to the past. it's a totally refreshing take and an obviously personal one. the players rayford uses live pull off his vision and the show is one that should be experienced  for its originality, musicality and concept. ~ craig sharmat

listen to rayford on spotify 
track rayford’s next performance! 


 





 




copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · rayford griffin · site & photography by lena ringstad 



myspace
facebook
twitter
last.fm




 






























