







peter paul & mary website










 





 

                            peter yarrow

                          may 31,1938 - january 7, 2025 
 
 
a remembrance of peter 
tribute page 















   
“peter, paul and mary are folk singers.” so stated
                        the liner notes to the group’s self-titled 1962 debut album. today,
                        this declaration seems redundant, because the term “folk music” has
                        come to be virtually interchangeable with the group name, but when the
                        words were written, they were meant less as a stylistic distinction than
                        as a mission statement.
 in the decades prior to the ‘60s, through the
                    work of such avatars as woody guthrie, the weavers and pete seeger, folk
                    music had become identified with sociopolitical commentary, but the
                    idiom had been forced underground in the senator joe mccarthy
                    witch-hunting era of the late ‘50s. by the time peter, paul and mary
                    arrived on the scene, for the majority of america, folk was viewed
                    merely as a side-bar to pop music which employed acoustic instruments.
                    at this critical historic juncture, with the nation still recovering
                    from the mccarthy era, the civil rights movement taking shape, the cold
                    war heating up and a nascent spirit of activism in the air, peter
                    yarrow, noel (paul) stookey and mary travers came together to juxtapose
                    these cross currents and thus to reclaim folk’s potency as a social,
                    cultural and political force. but few at the time could have realized
                    how fervently and pervasively the group’s message of humanity, hope
                    and activism would be embraced.   (full
                      biography)












 
                  
					     






noel paul stookey


website
                          facebook page



tour photos
peter yarrow


websitefacebook page







































 noel and peter  doing “et misericordia” fom johann sebastian bach’s magnificat  



 
  
 
 



latest
                              updates




 

news
  
 updated april 22, 2024
pp&m inducted into hall of fame



jukebox  
 
                               
                            featuring selections 
 from discovered

facebook

join us on
                            facebook for all the latest pp&m news.

                            you don't need to have a facebook 
                            account to keep up with what's going on; 
                            so come on over.






  join
                  us!
 








 
for management, booking information and
        feedback:
        contact us
 
many of the photos on the pp&m site are by virtue
          of the
           talent and insight of robert corwin and his camera.
           for more of his pp&m pictures visit his website at
http://www.robertcorwin.com

 
  
 
 

 







©2009-2024 touch the moon studio
        all rights reserved
virtual
        party





