








french restaurant home - le sanglier
















































skip to content








 






homegallerymenu valentines day menulocationgiftsreservationcontact







 











  welcome. indulge. enjoy. 



   press to call 818-345-0470 for a reservation 





  lesanglier 






 quality service





 53 years in business





 award winning


  french restaurant 



  have a look inside 







  recent favorites 








 beef bourguignon





   lobster ravioli





 steak frites





 escargot



  view menu 




  client love 











 
minga wen
 ★★★★★customer


 "vive le sanglier!!! big thank you to michael & his dad george, owners of this fabulous restaurant, for an amazing dining experience last night honoring uncle arthur! go try their french cuisine."


 
jennifer barrett
 ★★★★★customer


 "le sanglier after many years has finally changed ownership. michael, the new owner really cares about the quality of his food and cares about his customers. he has added a lot to his menu and prices have been reduced. the atmosphere is french at its finest. we love it."


 
joanne k
 ★★★★★customer


 "le sanglier after many years has finally changed ownership. michael, the new owner really cares about the quality of his food and cares about his customers. he has added a lot to his menu and prices have been reduced. the atmosphere is french at its finest. we love it."


 
debbie p.
 ★★★★★


 "my husband, son and i had dinner here about two weeks ago and were very impressed with not only the food but the service and management."


 
julie e.
 ★★★★★


 "we ordered the chocolate souffle and the grand marnier souffle and both were absolutely incredible!!!"


 
 rouben d.
 ★★★★★


 "always a pleasure. the wild boar is to die for. very beautiful ambience. perfect for a date night. excellent service."


 
harout n.
 ★★★★★


 "i am very glad to report my experience here was lovely and will definitely be returning. it's a very great spot for a calm and quiet night out for friends, family and dates."


 
ofer s.
 ★★★★★


 "this place is a valley classic. the food and service are top notch. highly recommended."
previousnext


  lesanglier french restaurant 








questions about a large party or specials? drop us a line!
we pride ourselves on our ability to make people happy.
  get in touch 








  get in touch! 







  818-345-0470 







  5522 crebs avenue tarzana, ca 91356 

  hours 

 open for dinner only wednesday ~ saturday from 5 pm - 9 pm



  reservation   menu   contact 


      day:    time:      mondayclosedtuesdayclosedwednesday:5:00 pm - 9:00 pmthursday5:00 pm - 9:00 pmfriday5:00 pm - 9:00 pmsaturday5:00 pm - 9:00 pmsundayclosed  






 


 


 


 


 


 


                         

 © 2025 le sanglier. all rights reserved.scroll to top













