



















veterinarian in woodland, ca | woodland veterinary hospital

























































































 review us 




 445 matmor rd, woodland, ca 95776  

(530) 666-2461














 

home
about us

contact us
our policies
our hours
our story
frequently asked questions
online forms


services

diagnostics
integrative medicine
grooming
surgery
medications

in hospital pharmacy
online pharmacy


dental
vaccinations
wellness care


pet parents

welcome to wvh
establish care with us!
preparing for a new pet
online resources


pet hotel

making reservations
reservation forms
cat services
dog services
optional add-ons
frequently asked questions


our team

our veterinarians
our team
our specialists


 





























we welcome new clients
 welcome to woodland veterinary hospital 
 contact us today 
 our online pharmacy 



call us: (530) 666-2461
get directions
request an appointment



















 our hours 









 resources 









 we value your feedback 











 services 
 what we can offer 




  
 preventative care 

regular preventative care including annual exams, diagnostics, and vaccinations can help your pet to live a long healthy life.
learn more





  
 urgent care 

expedited care appointments for the health concerns that can’t always be anticipated. 
learn more





  
 dental care 

dental consults, cleanings, surgeries, and guidance for keeping your pet’s smile sparkling!
learn more





  
 surgery 

our highly experienced doctors can accommodate spays, neuters, mass removals, and consult on other advanced surgeries. 
learn more





  
 quality of life 

your pet’s senior years can be hard to manage alone. meet with our veterinarians to address any challenges that come along with aging. 
learn more













about our office
about us
since 1975 woodland veterinary hospital has been providing thoughtful, tender and compassionate care to the pets of woodland and surrounding communities. as a full-service clinic we offer preventative care, surgical options, and urgent/emergency care for cats and dogs. you can rest easy in knowing your furry friend’s care is being provided by a team of almost 70 animal lovers committed to exceptional service. as pet parents ourselves, we know what your companion means to you and your family. being both a hospital and pet hotel, we can be there for all of your pet care needs!







 testimonials 
 what our clients say 




i board my dog at woodland veterinary hospital and i have interacted with dakota many times. dakota is always friendly, helpful and professional. she makes wvh a great place to bring my dog.

 yvonne e. 



this was my first visit at woodland veterinarian hospital. they treated my puppy with care and the staff was super friendly with everyone who came in. dr. rodriguez was knowledgeable and very patient with all my question. i’m very happy to make this place the go to for my puppy’s needs.

 angie m. 



i’m a savage that would throw a brick in a bag where bread is in.
but here, these people showed me kindness and professional advice and service.  they are not like a lot of vet places that try to run up the bill. this place was very honest with me and very reasonable prices. open on saturday so one can make the appointment. i’m very happy with everyone here and that i found this place.
good job 

 gw r. 



i was on the road in transit with two devon rex kittens when one of them came down with a upper respiratory infection of unknown origin. two other vets in town we’re too busy to help us but woodland veterinary took us in almost immediately. dr. ellie johnson diagnosed the issue and prescribed the correct treatment for the problem in short order. everyone was so kind and helpful and i was able to resume my journey assured that pounce would be okay. i would highly recommend this practice to anyone seeking the best care for their pets!

 marie d. 





 






        				follow us
        			













 contact us 
we will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. request an appointment today!
request appointment


 office hours 


								monday through friday: 7:30am – 7:00pm 
								saturday: 8:00am – 6:00pm
							




        				contact us
        			

 445 matmor rd  woodland, ca 95776  
 phone:  (530) 666-2461 




    					© copyright 2025. woodland veterinary hospital | sitemap | accessibility


website by doctor multimedia






  call us 





skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








