














































    r rindfuss drilling, l.p. | erie & pittsburgh, pa | well drilling
  















               


  


 contact our team today814-796-4693


   
    home


  why rindfuss


  drilling


  services

   testing


  machines




  contact us










    
 





       



       
  family-owned and-operated
well drilling contractor

  





 
  family-owned and-operated
well drilling contractor

  












     

call us (814) 796-4693


  

drilling

well installations for environmental, geothermal, or geotechnical drilling projects are never a problem when you turn to r rindfuss drilling, l.p., a trusted name in the drilling industry.  read more 
 
  

contact

we’re committed to quality service, and it shows in every project we complete. contact our company for quick and accurate drilling that effectively taps into alternative energy. read more  
 
  

hours of operation

browse our convenient business hoursmonday – friday: 
8:00 am – 5:00 pmsaturday & sunday: 
closedappointments available 


   certified drilling expertsproudly serving erie, pittsburgh, and the tri-state area r rindfuss drilling, l.p., a family-owned and -operated business, established more than 57 years ago in waterford, pa. we specialize in the drilling and construction of commercial, municipal, and private wells. we also handle boring services and all your underground design needs. our staff is fully trained to operate all of the drilling machinery (hollow stem and solid flight augers, cable tool, air rotary, and bucket drilling), sampling equipment, and procedure (split spoon, shelby tube, nx coring, etc.).  versatile assistance at an affordable rate specialty drilling success starts with r rindfuss drilling, l.p., a reputable well drilling contractor. in short, we offer comprehensive solutions for even the most difficult geotechnical, environmental, or geothermal drilling projects for all industries, including governmental, engineering firms, consultants, and private individuals. count on us for the most effective and efficient drilling services in the erie and pittsburgh, pa area. having installed numerous monitoring wells, recovery and soil vapor extraction wells, and geothermal holes, our crews have the experience to help streamline your project. after all, we’ve been in business since 1957. contact our team for well-vu down-hole camera and video services and more to make your geothermal drilling project a success. we are northwestern pennsylvania's trusted contractor for water well drilling, borehole drilling, and more. call 
our well drilling contractor today!
   


request more information today  contact us
   name

 phone number

 email:

 address

 comments/questions




thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.




     





 



   contact our office to ensure your project is performed using the safest drilling methods in the industry






      



   follow us
 

r rindfuss drilling, l.p. | 13851 route 19, waterford, pa 16441 | ph 
(814) 796-4693     




sitemap  


































































































  
  share by:










