








kandahar lodge | cozy mountain lodging at whitefish mountain resort
















































 









homeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontacthomeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontacthomeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontactbook nowhomeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontactbook nowbook nowhomeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontacthomeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontacthomeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontactbook nowhomeroomsall roomslodge roomstudio roomlofts roomfull kitchen loftsexecutive suitetwo room lodge suitegarret roomgroupsgroups & eventsweddingsholiday partiesaboutabout usamenitiesdealsour namepoliciesmedia galleryblogexplorecontactbook nowbook now

escape to whitefish, montanakandahar lodgeview roomshotel accommodations at whitefish resort amenities at the lodgeview amenitiesbook direct and save on room ratesstay and saveview dealshost your group event on the mountaingroup eventslearn moreexperience life on the mountainkandahar lodgekandahar lodge is an authentic, charming mountain lodge providing accommodations at whitefish mountain resort near whitefish, montana. 15 minutes to the town of whitefish, and 45 min to glacier national park. the lodge welcomes you with a crackling fire in the great room. offering stunning views, wellness center equipped with large outdoor jacuzzi, steam room, fitness center, and massage. there are 50 charming rooms, crafted with your upmost comfort in mind, featuring one executive suite. kandahar lodge does not have an elevator. please note, all guest rooms do require some stairs. view amenitiesauthentic mountain lodge kandahar lodgewarm, cozy & convenient in whitefish, mt.beautiful lodge roomsenjoy being located 7 miles from the great small town of whitefish, slope side in the winter and only about 30 miles from glacier national park in the summer. a continental breakfast is included.  view roomsunwind & indulge after a long daywellness centertreat yourself to a therapeutic, healing massage by massage on the mountain. soak in our large outdoor jacuzzi  nestled in whitefish mountain resort. unwind in our relaxing steam room.  our fitness center offers cardio and weight machines.view amenitiesan outdoor paradiseglacier national parkkandahar lodge is a beautiful mountain lodge located on whitefish mountain resort. if planning to visit glacier national park, we are located only 32 miles from the park.explore the park



reviews  what our guests say"cozy, welcoming atmosphere for a ski-in (to the back of building), ski-out (either a short walk across road to trail at edge of parkinglot or take lodge's shuttle to chairs 1 & 2) vacation. large, comfortable living room-like gathering space with stone wood-burning fireplace. we've stayed twice and rooms were very quiet, good sleeping. firm, comfortable beds with warm enough covers--you won't get cold unless you want to. clean spaces throughout the lodge and rooms. variety of choices for continental breakfast - hard boiled eggs, meats and cheeses, yogurt, fruit, instant oatmeal, toast and bagels with spreads, good hot coffee or tea all day. onsite bar serves limited menu from the extraordinary café kandahar kitchen, also onsite. eating at café kandahar is an extraordinary experience. free snow bus to and from downtown is a short walk (5 or less minutes) up the hill to the village area; drop-off on return at stop sign in front of lodge. we'll stay again."  karen r."my wife and i absolutely love this lodge. we have stayed further up the mountain in a ski in ski out before and would still pick this place above all. breakfast by the fire in the lobby and the outdoor hot tub at night were the best. the staff is amazing and the rooms were very clean. this place is the definition of a ski lodge and you must stay here if you want the full experience. ps. you can ski back to the lodge at the end of the day. we figured out the route on our last day."  timothy l."kandahar is so fun!! our family of 5 visited for a few days in summer. an easy walk to the chair lift took us to the summit (a 2000+ feet elevation climb) in 8 minutes. at the summit we were welcomed with 4 feet of snow to play in at 39° even though as we boarded chair lift it was 74°!!! the continental breakfast is an understatement. you will have so many choices: hard boiled eggs, endless meat and cheese tray, many fresh fruits, pastries, muffins, cereals, juices, coffees, oatmeal, even a conveyor type toaster! there was a crackling fire in the adjacent great room at most times during our stay. the well-stocked bar and bartender were perfect for evening wind down and hanging out. a well-appointed gym and very large hot tub are nice amenities as well. visit and tell nita at the front desk hey!!"  zach m."this was such a fun and lovely lodge. nice lobby to hang out in, great spread for breakfast, plus hot tub and steam room. we were only passing through on this trip, but would love to come back and stay longer than one night. rooms are comfortable and appointed with quality bedding, and loved having a suite room with 3 queen beds. plus, everyone we met were so nice and welcoming. definitely need to check this place out." katie k."the kandahar lodge is everything you need and nothing you don't. friendly staff, clean rooms, in and out skiing and the food is absolutely spectacular - the best restaurant in whitefish. the bread pudding is not to be missed. great for families or multiple families staying together." kelsey f."the kandahar lodge is an awesome place; away from whitefish yet only a 10 minutes drive should you need anything and 20 minutes to the park. it's a five-minute walk to the village and the cable cars. aside from the great location, the staff is really helpful and polite. mckenzie at the 'snug bar' is awesome. we did not try the 'fine dine' option as we did not feel like having a four course-meal after a day of activities; that said the bar had a number of small and large plate options which were awesome (try the crawfish), whiskey sour and the huckleberry lemonade. the lodge has a very warm and friendly ambience, and we will definitely return for the snow season." vishal g."this was our second stay at the kandahar lodge, and we are likely to book there whenever we go to whitefish. the staff is amazing and the rooms are comfortable. the grounds are also well-kept and beautiful. great, family-friendly place to stay - close to whitefish, close enough to glacier national park, and within walking distance of the village."  cayce y."this is the quintessential ski lodge, located mid mountain with a large gathering area and a fireplace that is always going in winter. the rooms are large and well equipped. they care for the environment by having dispensers in the shower instead of the small individual bottles. the buffet breakfast is great, with hard boiled eggs and meats and cheeses, as well as cereals. free cookies and hot chocolate with marshmallows greet the guests in the afternoon. this was the third year that my ski club has stayed here, and we will definitely come again!"  linda m."we loved this place! it was a clean, cozy, comfortable room. the decor is so pretty. it almost has a bed and breakfast feel. we loved the continental breakfast. the staff was terrific in offering maps and helping us navigate glacier national park. it’s such a great location near restaurants, bike paths, trails, the lake. loved it!" steve"one of the friendliest pleasant places i’ve ever stayed. i’ve skied at many resorts and whitefish truly stole my heart. the lodge has a lovely continental breakfast to start your day. then you end your ski day with fresh popped popcorn and hot chocolate in the lobby! they also have a lovely small bar in the lobby with delicious drinks to try while sitting next to the crackling fireplace. the beds are very comfortable and most rooms have a full kitchen! you can ski right back to the lodge and they have a boot and ski room to leave your things instead of trekking through the lobby full of snow! i would suggest kandahar to any person i know heading to whitefish. as a whole the entire mountain area was sensational!"devin c."my husband and i stayed one night on a trip up to glacier. room comfortable and lodge was mountain charming. dinner was the best food we had in montana. a one night stay was perfect -as you are isolated up on the ski hill with not a lot to do during summer." monie"we loved everything about this hotel. the rooms were perfect, clean and they offered great amenities. the wellness center consists of a steam room, huge fitness center and a beautiful outdoor hot tub. they were very accommodating to our check-in requests." michael o.


join our newsletter exclusive discount and promotion offers, upcoming events and the latest news from kandahar mountain lodge direct to your inbox.



 

sign up






3824 big mountain road, whitefish, mt 59937 | 406-862-6098 | info@kandaharlodge.comcopyright © 2021 kandahar lodge at whitefish mountain resort. all rights reserved privacy policy | accessibility statementsimple software for innkeepers by odysys






















