




continuous innovation with oracle's complete saas suite
































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu




















overview




applications


enterprise resource planning (erp)
supply chain & manufacturing (scm)
human capital management (hcm)
marketing
service
sales




















oracle cloud applications
designed for change. built for you.
our complete cloud suite of saas applications with embedded artificial intelligence bring consistent processes and a single source of truth across the most important business functions—from enterprise resource planning, supply chain management, and human capital management to customer experience. the applications help you improve your customer engagements, increase your business’s agility, and react to change faster than ever before.

 chat with oracle sales
request a free demo







a business manager's guide to next generation cloud applications (pdf)

















 


the rise of ai agents: unleashing productivity and innovation
learn how ai agents can help improve productivity by working alongside your employees to help accomplish complex tasks and automate workflows.


read the guide (pdf)




 


gartner® named oracle fusion cloud erp a leader for product-centric enterprises
find out why oracle was named a leader in the 2024 magic quadrant™ for cloud erp for product-centric enterprises—for the sixth time.*


read the product-centric erp report




 


gartner® names oracle a leader in cloud hcm for the ninth year in a row
find out why oracle was named a leader in the 2024 magic quadrant™ for cloud hcm suites for 1,000+ employee enterprises, placing furthest right in completeness of vision for the seventh year.**


access the gartner report







oracle ai in fusion applications: built for your business in the age of ai
learn how oracle ai in fusion applications helps unlock unprecedented levels of productivity and innovation.


view the product brief (pdf)

















saas comparison—oracle cloud applications
see how oracle stacks up vs. other providers.


see how we compare





analytic strategy for oracle cloud applications
an analytics guide for business leaders.


read the brief (pdf)

















why customers love oracle cloud applications
not all clouds are created equal. oracle fusion cloud applications have everything you need to optimize your business, make faster and better decisions, and outpace change. best-of-breed apps for your entire business—in any industry, next-generation cloud infrastructure designed for saas applications, all on a standards-based applications platform to easily extend, personalize and integrate applications.







1


embedded ai to enable productivity and efficiency breakthroughs
discover how oracle ai in fusion cloud applications can help improve productivity, decision making, and automate business processes




2


oracle fusion cloud applications and oracle cloud infrastructure are better together
a complete suite of saas applications that run on next-generation oracle cloud infrastructure




3


modern user experience and beyond
use the award-winning redwood design system to extend your oracle cloud applications or build your own




4


innovation that matters
rated as a cloud applications leader 49 times




5


committed to your success
oracle's connected customer community supports you with proactive support and expert guidance


















did you come here for application development? looking for java?



download java





















discover the power of oracle ai in oracle fusion applications
watch oracle evp steve miranda speak with customers about how the right partner can help you unlock the enormous potential of ai—including radically increased productivity and efficiency as well as new products, services, and business models. discover why oracle has the best data, applications, and technology to help ai work safely for your business.

watch the keynote (1:02:38)














view all oracle applications
explore oracle applications




enterprise resource planning


discover how enterprise resource planning (erp) cloud solutions can future-proof your business across accounting, analytics, consolidation, planning, procurement, projects, and reporting.




human capital management 


discover how hr leaders are making faster, smarter decisions with oracle's human resources solutions to drive engagement, productivity, and business value for organizations and the people within them. 




supply chain & manufacturing


discover how oracle’s supply chain & manufacturing (scm) solutions help drive innovation and turn traditional supply chains into agile and integrated value chains.




marketing 


discover how digital marketing solutions support b2b and b2c marketers' omnichannel experiences to drive sales, brand, and customer loyalty. oracle marketing supports marketing automation for cross-channel orchestration.




sales


discover how oracle sales solutions go beyond sales force automation to optimize your sales engagements through a comprehensive set of capabilities that bolster customer relationships and drive business growth.




service


discover how oracle service solutions help to differentiate your brand by providing automated, personalized, omnichannel, and knowledge-driven interactions and customer service. 
















unlocking actionable intelligence with oracle cloud applications
when it comes to analytics, businesses need more than just data. they need ai-powered, actionable intelligence that drives business decisions. they also need actionable insights that shape fast, accurate, and strategic directives for everyone involved. by leveraging the power of oracle cloud applications along with oracle’s powerful analytics capabilities, businesses can do just that. they can enable the power of information to drive business success and produce actionable intelligence when and where it is needed most.
read the complete post | subscribe to the blog


saas featured blogs



view all
















the oracle playbook series
we've compiled the secrets to our people, process, and systems strategy. and we want to share them with you.


get the details














start, train, connect, and keep up with new features.

cloud applications resources











*gartner® magic quadrant™ for cloud erp for product-centric enterprises, november 11, 2024. dixie john, denis torii, johan jartelius, tomas kienast.
** gartner® magic quadrant™ for cloud hcm suites for 1,000+ employee enterprises, published 24 october 2024. analysts: ranadip chandra, chris pang, ron hanscome, sam grinter, josie xing, hiten sheth, travis wickesberg, harsh kundulli, anand chouksey, david bobo, laura gardiner, emi chiba, michelle shapiro.
gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. gartner research publications consist of the opinions of gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
this graphic was published by gartner, inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. the gartner document is available upon request from oracle.
gartner is a registered trademark and service mark, and magic quadrant is a registered trademark of gartner, inc. and/or its affiliates in the u.s. and internationally and are used herein with permission. all rights reserved.













resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























