






diocese of edmonton cursillo – make a friend, be a friend, bring a friend to christ





































skip to content



 



diocese of edmonton cursillo
make a friend, be a friend, bring a friend to christ








    menu	
home
about  

members of secretariat
expectations of cursillo secretariat members
edmonton cursillo community guidelines
agm reports
past weekends  

weekend banners & themes
weekend theme songs  

de colores






calendar of events  

anniversary 2020
edmonton ultreyas
cursillo weekend 2021
servant community


faqs & info  

faq
sponsorship
group reunion, the biblical foundation
pulpit talks
history of cursillo


links
contact

  scroll down to content












home


cursillo is a christian movement empowering individuals and communities to live out and share the love of christ.
it begins with a weekend retreat designed to equip and encourage men and women of all ages on their faith journey.  it is a time to deepen your christian faith, experience the love of god in a caring, prayerful setting, and to examine what it means to be a christian in today’s world. the weekend leads to an invitation into a closer walk with christ and community through monthly gatherings, small-group prayer, and loving interaction with your home and work environments .
watch a video made by our brothers and sisters in the u.s. episcopal church, which closely mirrors the beliefs and approach of canada’s anglican church. the cursillo experience is very similar for both, and is designed to be loving, gentle and accepting no matter where you are on your journey.
please “follow” our facebook page for current news and events.
edmonton anglican cursillo is financially self-sustaining, through the generosity of the community. if you would like to donate $5 a month, or any amount you choose, please go to the diocesan website, click on “donate” in the very top right-hand corner, specify your donation and choose “cursillo” as the recipient. thank you!











 









 


home  
about  
calendar of events  
faqs & info  
links  
contact  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	


















































































































































































