



















	eye doctor colorado springs - academy vision science clinic













						comprehensive eyecare and eyewear				
						






james t. van camp, o.d.

academy vision science clinic

5955 lehman dr. colorado springs, co 80918




(719) 598-6000 | 
								
email















									office hours
									
| 
map it








appointment
reviews


patient forms
location







 home
about us


why choose us?
office hours
meet your eye doctor

★ reviews

insurance




services

comprehensive eye exams
medical services

macular degeneration
dry eyes
crt - ortho-k
eyewear services
contact lenses

computer vision
myopia control

eye infections



patients

request appointment
patient forms
color deficiency quiz
eye exam
eye library

common problems

keratoconus
cataract
glaucoma
macular degeneration
dry eye

hipaa


eyeglasses

eyewear collections

blue light lenses
polarized lenses

eyeglasses faq's


contact lenses


contact lens types
contact lens brands
crt - ortho-k

contact lenses faq's
sclera lenses faq's



vision therapy

★ symptom checklist!
vision therapy • training
learning to see in 3d
vision therapy and brain injuries

post concussion vision disorders
vision and learning
vision development
ambylopia (lazy eye)
strabismus
parents guide

myth vs reality


childrens vision

pediatric exam
children's vision
infant vision
sports vision
computer vision
infantsee®






 google street view














⚠
check our facebook page for the latest information:  ➤
















dr. james van camp and the staff at
                    academy vision science clinic
                    have earned the trust and respect
                    of our patients for being dedicated
                    to eye health as well as vision
                    and the latest in affordable fashion.
                    








              our extensive selection of frames are for those
        who know how to draw the most out of
        life and view fashion as a personal
        expression of their own unique personalities.

                    







              priced for every style and budget,
                    we have designer frames and
                    sunglasses that will allow you to
                    see great, feel great and
                     look great!
					








regardless of your visual needs or
                    requirements, you should not have to
                    compromise expressing your style
                    and fashion for visual functionality.
                    








              seeing 20/20 doesn't mean your eyes are
              healthy. most eye problems can only be
        detected during a comprehensive eye exam.
        many problems can be managed if found early.
        








                    your child's great education starts with:


 



great schools





great teachers





great vision


                   we offer customized visual therapy
                    for reading and vision related
                    learning problems.
                






use it or lose it
spend your flex dollars wisely!



don't put off what you should do today!



left to use your flex spending











we specialize in fitting:
                    


toric contacts





multifocal contacts





soft contacts





gas permeable contacts





scleral contacts















  why choose academy vision?  





                                    • quality one-on-one service
                                    • highly patient recommended
                                    • leading edge technology
                                    • broad selection of eyewear
                                    • experienced doctor
                                    • medical eye care services
                                    • vision therapy specialists
                                    • vision plan optimization
                                    • no hidden fees



                                
















                request appointment
            






                    we never take for granted that you have placed your confidence in us!
                

                    building a foundation of trust by treating our patients as unique individuals has been integral to our success. our entire team is dedicated to providing you with excellent, personalized care.
                    
academy vision science clinic is your premiere location for eye exams, treatment of eye diseases, vision therapy, eyeglasses, sunglasses and contact lenses. our eye doctor, alongside our experienced staff and frame designers, take great pride in being up to date with the latest medical advancements, breakthrough technologies and affordable designer eyewear and contact lenses.










                    vision and eye health
                

                    above all, we are proud to provide top-notch care – from routine eye exams and dry eye disease to glaucoma and cataracts – and we treat our patients like family. you are the heart of our practice. you are the friends and neighbors that make up our great community. we look forward to seeing you!


                    optical boutique
                

                    regardless of your visual needs, you should not have to compromise expressing your style and fashion for visual functionality. we will work with you to find that perfect pair. we feature the latest fashion eyewear from around the world. we offer ophthalmic lenses, with many personalized options, including anti-reflective treatments, blue light protections, scratch resistant coatings, and a variety of other special lens treatments.
                


                    contact lenses
                

                    even though we specialize in 'hard-to-fit' contact lenses, we also offer contact lens fitting for all types of contact lenses such as soft, toric, disposable and non-disposable contact lenses, rigid gas permeable contacts as well as contact lenses for special purposes or conditions. for those that need contact lenses for far and near vision, we have you covered! we have multifocal soft and gas permeable multifocal lenses. we also carry the latest hybrid contact lenses and scleral lenses for difficult to fit corneas. for those who want to enhance or change their eye color, we have colored contact lens options that enhance or change the color of your eyes.
                










































	"my family have been going to dr van camp since i was around 9 and now my kids go to him!!! we love the staff and dr van camp!!!"
	kim b.


	"the staff were very professional.  dr. van camp did a thorough eye exam and even took time to explain things about eye health.  they helped me get some really terrific glasses. i will be a repeat customer."
	robert t.


	"the staff and eye doctor are among the best i've had the privilege to encounter in decades - very friendly, professional, courteous, and extremely knowledgeable!!!"
mike a.


	"we absolutely love this place! we have been taking our kids here for 3 years now.  even when we moved out of state for a year we still came back to colorado for their eye appts. everyone has always been so helpful  as gone the extra mile for us!  highly recommend!!" 
stacey w.


















  









								office hours    
							



										mon
									

										9:00 - 5:00
									



										tue
									

										9:00 - 5:00
									



										wed
									

										9:00 - 5:00
									



										thu
									

										9:00 - 5:00
									



										fri
									

										9:00 - 5:00
									



										sat
									

										closed
									



										sun
									

										closed
									








                            academy vision science clinic
                        

5955 lehman dr.
							colorado springs, co 80918
							

(719) 598-6000



							  















academy vision science clinic

5955 lehman dr. 
colorado springs,
												co
80918

											phone:
											(719) 598-6000
                                            fax:
                                            (719) 785-5751












            © 2025
            all content is the property of 
            
                    academy vision science clinic
					™
                
            & assoc. vendors.
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            website powered and developed by
            eyevertise.com
 













internal email | internal forms | tools









