




a ronald reagan republican a com





a community volunteer, 
a community leader
a fighter for you.



i'm a proud ronald reagan republican



i’m 
a member of republican party because it 

stands up for individual rights, 
small government, personal responsibility and a strong national defense.



and 


because the democrat party has a long history of being 
the party of slavery, secession, segregation and socialism.



  community activities




i have served on many boards and commission in the sacramento 
	region, some of which are listed below:
 


i have served as executive director sacramento county 
	taxpayers association; sacramento california senior legislature assemblyman, 
	secretary and treasurer of area 4 on aging serving the counties nevada, 
	placer, sacramento, sierra, sutter, yolo and yuba counties, chairman 
	sacramento county public access television and radio stations; member 
	national board of directors of public television and radio stations; member 
	sacramento county transportation and clean air collaborative; director of 
	eye on sacramento; appointed by president to white house council on aging; 
	president of sacramento senior and senior organizations.
 


for several years i was employed by "peoples advocate," whose 
	founder was paul gann co-author of proposition 13, the 1978 property 
	tax-cutting initiative in california. i served as san joaquin county 
	chairman of proposition 13.
 


co-chairman of san joaquin county taxpayers association on 
	education; president of the san joaquin county economic development 
	association; president of the stockton/san joaquin county private industry 
	council; vice-president of the tracy/san joaquin county certified 
	development corporation; member of the american economic development 
	council; member of the san joaquin county strategic plan and co-chairman of 
	its education committee; director of the indian tribal council; director of 
	the stockton cross-town freeway committee; member of the lodi school budget 
	committee; past president of the lodi school district advisory committee; 
	chairman of leroy nickles school site committee; chairman of friends of 
	public education for san joaquin county; director of northern california 
	sister city program; chairman of stockton developmental center greenhouse 
	committee.




	i have received several awards, but the one i value the most is from the 
	national alliance of business on behalf of my efforts in helping job 
	training programs for economically disadvantaged americans. as president of 
	the private industry council, i helped to create over 10,000 jobs.



         
 

         
 you can email me at 
	carl@carlburton.com
	or my home phone 916-485-5741

remember sacramento & california will be no better then what we make it!
  

