









best dating websites | sctas relationship advice






























 


skip to the content








																	sctas lifestyle & dating															

relationship tips & guides



home
about us
do you have a story?
relationships

online dating



 menu




 













online dating 


should you use online dating websites?


june 2, 2020
no comments



 


should you use online dating sites? that’s one of the questions silently asked by people who want to get into the online dating world. dating sites and apps are the bridge that connects those looking for relationships. connecting via dating sites exposes potential dates to various risks. it provides greater opportunities for those living in less dense metropolitan areas to link up with more potential dates. so why should i use online dating sites?
quite busy to connect in-person
if you’re too busy to walk into the dating field and link up with people in person, online dating sites act as a reliable alternative. in this world of capitalism, where everyone has to work to earn and survive, it’s possible for life hustles to hold you back from connecting with potential suitors. using services like dating site guides will help you find dating sites to match your needs, which makes the transition from physical world to virtual world much easier.
people in the legal fraternity, self-employment sector, and online freelance writing are too held up by their hustles such that they cannot get out there and connect with people. and so, they’ve to turn to date sites to try their luck in finding love.
typical dating is sometimes boring
meeting up with new faces and friends in clubs, public buses, and entertainment events are fun. however, it gets boring over time, and you may find yourself not liking the idea of connecting with the same people every other weekend. dating sites link singles from the global arena, ensuring people can connect and date people from different races and backgrounds.
meet singles sharing same interests, hobbies, and goals
unless i am just an unlucky fellow on matters dating, i am wholly convinced that it’s difficult to meet singles who share the same goals, interests, and hobbies. you may be dating for fun, and most of those you come across are looking for life partners and vice versa.
dating sites have profiles for singles who have a distinct range of hobbies, goals, and interests. these sites move you out of the comfort zone, connecting you with people that have different backgrounds, interests, and goals.
suitable for shy guys and girls

have you noticed shy people are more confident when conversing through media such as facebook, phone messaging or call, twitter, and more? it’s the same case with people looking for dates. they are more confident when conversing with people via dating sites.
dating sites eradicate the physical aspect and pain of being rejected as people watch. through dating sites, people can express themselves confidently without having to worry about what those around will think of them.
easy connections
dating sites make the process of linking up and cementing a relationship quicker. just imagine how easy and quick it is to log in to your dating account and start chatting with compatible ladies or guys. and the funniest of all is that you can do the chatting while relaxing on your couch or office.
most singles in dating sites are explicitly hunting for compatible people to link up with and have fun. so, the process between meeting up and cementing the relationship is shorter than in typical dating.


continue reading











online dating, relationships 


when should you give up on online dating?


june 2, 2020
no comments



 


when is it time to give up on online dating? is it that you got your heart broken multiple times? is it that time you try to find your perfect match all in vain? when should you give up online dating?
giving up is seen as a bad idea, but sometimes, it might be the best decision. wasting your time with little success in online dating platforms eats up that time you should be enjoying moments. here are the green lights of when it’s time to give up.
do you swipe endlessly without finding anything to stop you?
have you ever gotten yourself swiping the endless pages of profiles on an online dating platform? you swipe until you’re mindless and still continue scrolling. you find some guy whose profile picture pulls you but the interests send you away? you never reach at that right profile for you, it might be time to try another option.
are you yearning for a physical meet up?
do you feel like your heart yearns for something physical. do you find yourself imaging a meeting with someone on a bus and talking to them? then online dating might be the wrong option for you. you need to go physical by giving up on online dating.
you already underwent multiple heartbreaks without a successful relationship
the first person you met was interesting, so you gave them a chance. later these people heart broke you and you vowed to try again. you went in for more others who ended up in a bad way. it might be time to look for another option. keep away that profile and try some physical meetings, they might have been long waiting to deliver your success.
what are the repercussions of giving up?

giving up means bringing down your online dating platform profile. never do this abruptly unless you’re not human. take the following steps to quit in a safe manner.
don’t bring down your account instantly
if you feel like giving up today, it might not be the time yet. take advantage of that spirit and go off the online dating site. judy let your profile stay inactive but not deleted. you might need to come back sometime in the future.
keep replying to messages
do not take chances, you might be leaving your soulmate behind. reply to all messages from previous connections to confirm that all are still not right. do this once in a while.
try meeting people physically
with your current profiles inactive, go out and try to meet people physically. the more you try, the more you get used to it. slowly, your mind shall be used to this. if you feel okay with it, you can now go on and delete your online dating platform profile.
 
note: deleting your online profile instantly might get you into depression. do it gradually, find an option to online dating then finally do away with your profiles. if you’re not doing good with the quitting process, take time before doing away with your profiles.


continue reading











relationships 


dating tips for new relationships


may 27, 2020
no comments



 


dating tips for new relationships
new relationships are scary, intimidating, and entertaining. you’re in there with someone you’re just getting to know, sharing past life experiences, and planning a future together, while you don’t have a clue of what tomorrow holds. hell can break loose anytime, making your relationship end abruptly. spruce up your new relationship with these dating tips for new relationships.
know yourself deeper
learn and understand your emotions and sex. you’ve unique sexual and emotional needs that must be met. these can only be met by that one person who understands you and can tolerate you when mad. let your newly found love know about your emotions and sexual life or needs. monitor your sexual and emotional changes so you can adjust them perfectly to avoid hurting your new lover.
give your best
it’s never too early to give the best in a new relationship. don’t wait until the relationship has lasted several months to start giving your best. by then, your lover might have adapted to your current you, and trying to change could make them think otherwise. if you’re good at certain things, start doing them as early as you meet up with your lover. also, if you like certain things, make them known to your lover the earliest possible.
don’t allow the world control your emotions
one of the best dating tips for new relationships is not to allow your friends and relatives to decide what’s good and what’s not on your behalf. if you can start a relationship, it simply means you can manage it perfectly. if your lover or you does something against the relationship goals and plans, don’t quickly start seeking advice from friends and relatives. some would certainly give you solid points that could help you to build a strong relationship, but the majority will advise you wrong.
don’t let emotions control you
more than 60% of unplanned pregnancies occur because lovers allow emotions to control them. most pregnancies occur in first-time relationships. in new relationships, people are eager to learn more about each other sexually and emotionally.
while trying to do so, lovers end up messing themselves a lot. the results are not just unplanned pregnancies but also the risk of contracting sexually transmitted diseases. don’t give in to the triggers of first love and emotions before understanding the kind of person you’re dating.
learn your newly found love
most of the people who’ve been in failed relationships tend to tell the opposite of their relationship life. they could lie about almost everything, including the kind of lifestyle they have lived and the people they have dated previously.
of course, you don’t want to trigger the negative emotions that your potential partner has buried for years. however, it is healthy to research your lover’s past life by checking their social media profiles.
search their names or images on social media platforms such as facebook and instagram. here, you will get to learn about the kind of relationships the potential partner has had previously through the photos and messages they shared with their social media platforms in the past.


continue reading










1
2
next » 



about mehi ya'll! my name is emily and welcome to my blog! sctas is a lifestyle and dating advice blog that i have been working on over the last couple of years. blogging has been my passion for awhile, and i recently started doing it full time! you can look forward to in-depth guides, personal stories, and much more!

					emily									
social me 
 

other posts 



june 2, 2020



 

should you use online dating websites?





june 2, 2020



 

when should you give up on online dating?





may 27, 2020



 

dating tips for new relationships





search for:

search

categories

online dating (3)

relationships (3)










categoriescategories
select category
online dating
relationships


 




looks
fashion
travel
 


 






																	sctas lifestyle & dating															


olsen wordpress theme by cssigniter 



















