



home - st. mary's general hospital






















































skip to content






top header menu





support our foundation





text size

increase text size



decrease text size
















donate




search






search



search














main menu





patients & visitorscovid-19 informationemergency department wait timesplanning your staypatient experience & relationspatient & family advisory councilpatient declaration of valuespatient family educationhealthcare acronymspatient records & privacyfreedom of informationvisitors & care partnerspatient giftssociodemographic surveyhospital amenitiespay a billparking for visitorssecurity
areas of carea to z listingemergency careemergency department wait timescardiac carecardiac surgerystructural heart programcardiac catheterization labinpatient cardiologyheart rhythm programdiagnostic testingcardiac clinicscardiac rehabilitation referralsdigital healthmy connected carevirtual careeye surgeryrespiratory & thoracic carechest unitcystic fibrosislevel one thoracic surgery centreoutpatient respiratory carepulmonary care respiratory & thoracic care referralsdiagnostic imagingreferralsintegrated comprehensive caremedicinespecialized geriatric medicineprevent clinicscopespiritual caresexual assault & domestic violence other servicesethicsinfection prevention & controllaboratorypharmacynuclear medicinesurgical
refer a patientcardiac referralsdiagnostic imaging referralseye referralsprevent clinic referralsrespiratory & thoracic referralsscope referrals
get involvedvolunteering at st. mary'sour volunteer associationour foundationdonate now
work with uscareersbenefits and recognitionour communityour cultureget to know waterloo regionresearchstudentsphysicians and medical learners
about uswho we aremission, vision, values & historystrategic planrecognition programsfuture of care togetherboard of trusteesmeet our trusteesboard meetingsboard resourcescommitteesour leadership teamfreedom of informationst. mary's newsnews & storiesmedia relationsblog postsquality, performance & accountabilityquality & safetyfinancial accountabilitycorporate accountabilitypurchasingaccessibilitycontact us




toggle main menu





  














we're building the future of care together.
learn more on how we are working together!
















a century of care
learn more about our 100th anniversary. 
smgh100.ca
















get the right care
know your care options in waterloo and wellington regions
more


















a century of care






get the right care















our hospitals are seeing high volumes of patients seeking care in the emergency departments. please continue to seek care if you need it and utilize the many care options available in our community. the best care is the right care--learn more about your care options.





close alert






















my connected care












emergencywait times












pay a bill












patients












visitors











			recent news
			

read more news











 


planning your visit





















    

articles


filter options



keywords:



from:



to:





categories:

all categories
 community education
blog posts
celebrations
featured
latest news
stories of care
covid-19



sort by:

select
oldest to newest
newest to oldest



show: 

1 items
2 items
3 items
4 items
5 items




apply filters
reset





show filters
close filters



grid view













list view















jan 22, 2025
when it comes to lung health, it pays to be a quitter!

while national non-smoking week (nnsw) runs from sunday, january 19 to 25, for your hospitals, help...



 community education

 






jan 14, 2025
know your care options: grand river hospital helps families choose the right place for children’s care

it’s tough for parents, caregivers and siblings when young ones are sick. grand river’s...



 community education

 






jan 9, 2025
new patient initiative brings timely, personalized care to grand river and brightshores

a new platform launching at grand river hospital and brightshores health system stands to modernize...



latest news

 






jan 7, 2025
grand river hospital celebrates $1m gift to launch digital pathology solution powered by local innovation

thanks to a unique partnership with huron digital pathology, fueled by a $1m gift from the savvas c...



latest news

 






jan 7, 2025
convenient care, right where you are: stratford's new pacemaker clinic

kicking off the new year, st. mary’s general hospital and the ymca of three rivers' stratford...



latest news

 


 →next







follow us on social media






follow us on facebook!







follow us on twitter!







connect with us on linkedin!







check us out on youtube!







follow us on instagram!











			our care programs
			

a to z listing











cardiac care









diagnostic imaging









digital health









emergency care









eye surgery









integrated comprehensive care









medicine









nuclear medicine









prevent clinic









respiratory & thoracic care









scope









services and support









sexual assault & domestic violence









spiritual care









surgical



















    








did you know?
st. mary’s is a member of the st. joseph’s health system, one of the largest corporations in canada devoted to health care. founded in the healing mission of the sisters of st. joseph of hamilton, st. joseph’s health system was established in 1991 to meet the challenges of the changing environment for delivery of health and social services and takes pride in a system-wide commitment to caring for the whole person: body, mind and spirit.
learn more about the sjhs





















 






footer top menu



















911 queen’s boulevardkitchener, ontario, canadan2m 1b2
telephone (direct): 519-744-3311telephone (auto): 519-749-6578 + extadministrative office fax: 519-749-6426
in an emergency call 911.

st. mary’s general hospital is situated on land that is the traditional home of the haudenosaunee, anishinaabe, and attawandaron peoples. we recognize and deeply appreciate their connection to this place, and we are grateful to be on this land together. 
we also value the contributions indigenous peoples have made in shaping and strengthening this community. st. mary’s is committed to actively seeking truth and advancing reconciliation, in our hospital and beyond.






footer menu





accessibility
contact us
privacy policy & terms of use
site map
staff email
the pulse
partner login






search



search









©2025 st. mary's general hospital. powered by oasis for health care.





follow us on instagram!







check us out on facebook!







connect with us on linkedin!







follow us on twitter!







check out our videos on youtube!













