



  





 

home - ashley manor






























































































 





menumemory caresenior  livinghospiceabout uscontact usemploymentcustomer portal









 1-888-376-7298
take a tour



facebookgoogle+instagramlinkedintwitteryoutube









 


ashley manor

 making the present as meaningful as the past.









welcome to ashley manor
we specialize in elder care with facilities in idaho and oregon. with small, home-like residences and a loving, highly-trained staff, we make your loved one feel right at home while providing the care they need to enhance their quality of life.





sign up for our newsletter




and receive our free guide on 8 tips to choosing a memory care facility








 








memory care
for more memory care resources, please visit our memory care resource center.


resource center  








assisted living
for more assisted living resources, please visit our assisted living resource center.


resource center  








hospice
for more hospice care resources, please visit our hospice care resource center.


resource center 


memory care





individuals suffering from dementia-related memory diseases such as alzheimer’s need highly specialized care. our memory care facilities have staff members specifically trained in this area of care. we use a variety of care techniques such as aroma therapy, proper nutrition, physical exercise, and more to help our residents enhance their quality of life. above all, we treat each resident with love, kindness, and patience, truly as a member of our own family.


learn more


assisted living





we also offer a number of traditional assisted living facilities for our clients. while these aren’t specialized in memory care necessarily, they provide a small, home-like environment with a loving staff trained to take the utmost care of your loved one.
each home provides private or semi-private rooms, large gathering areas with the kitchen in the center, and spacious grounds to enjoy. these homes are specifically designed for a resident who just needs some help with everyday life’s activities; this could include everything from having their meals prepared for them to laundry service to help with taking their medications.


learn more


hospice





we provide hospice services through our sister company, auburn crest. at auburn crest hospice, we believe in the power of choice and the right that we all should choose to live every moment. choosing hospice care is a positive step in affirming the value of life – even during life’s final months.
our private and personalized care provides comfort and support for those in the final stages of life and for their families. we at the hospice understand that this is a difficult time for any individual, as well as their family and friends. that is why our caring staff and volunteers endeavor to provide an environment of love, caring, peace and dignity to each individual and the opportunity to live the remainder of their life with respect, understanding and joy. auburn crest hospice can help families personalize the end-of-life experience.


learn more


testimonials





“i want to thank each of you who helped provide excellent care and support for my mother.” ~e.o.





“thank you for your great care and compassion.” ~audrey’s family





“thank you so much for the fine care and helpful ways.” ~cora





“we could not have asked for a more caring staff or better environment for our dad.” ~elizabeth





“my husband and i were amazed at how much better [his mother] did after auburn crest hospice became involved.”
~janice, boise, idaho


 




 













contact





4334 n. bright angel ave.
meridian, id 83646





p: 1.888.376.7298
e: contactam@ashleycares.com
privacy policy









resources





resource center
alzheimer’s association
alzheimers.gov
facebook support group
book a tour









sign up for our newsletter




and receive our free guide on 8 tips to choosing a memory care facility




  



facebookgoogle+instagramlinkedintwitteryoutube










© 2017 ashley manor | all rights reserved | site design by v-squared creative





employees








 call today! 




 








 schedule todayschedule a tour today
1.888.376.7295
 


 





















