






id cards printing solution – be creative  with card printing































skip to content






yelp
facebook
twitter
instagram
email








id cards printing solutionbe creative  with card printing 



homeabout|
contact
products








about|
contact
products





id cards printerstar solutions & services, provider of printing services such as offset printing, digital printing services, photo id card printing, media cards, etc. also provides a wide range of plastic card printers also known as pvc card printers or id card printers and also plastic card printers. the card printers we provide are consistent in high performance, durable and reliable to print on all blank plastic cards. these plastic card printers can be used easily in any industry. we provide a wide variety of plastic card printers from dtc card printers, hid card printers, evolis card printers, and many more leaders of the industry. these card printers are a direct-to-card printer that can produce full, edge-to-edge color cards in one printing process. reduce waste and save money both in pre-printed cards and unusable leftover cards by printing what you need on demand. no need to order partially pre-printed id cards or badges in advance. engineered to produce photo-quality cards quickly and reliably. ideal for printing photos and graphics, the instantaneously adapt printer settings to automatically produce the highest print quality. as a retransfer printer, it enables you to produce extremely durable, true to edge-to-edge cards – even on uneven card surfaces such as smart cards. we also provide dual-sided card printers to save time by printing both card sides in a single run. these printers are ideal for high-volume id programs and organizations that need to print cardholder information on both sides of the card. a pvc card printer is just another term for an id card printer. pvc, or polyvinyl chloride, is a popular synonym for plastic and while it most immediately brings pipes and construction to mind, pvc is a durable plastic that is also good for creating and printing id cards. a pvc card printer, therefore, can refer to any type of photo id maker. we being the prominent provider of all types of plastic smart cards based in india, gurgaon (delhi-ncr) offers wide range and best in range of cards available in the market which can be deployed easily in any industry for smooth tracking of products like supply chain management, logistics management, inventory management, asset tracking and other customized use at best price.
document scannersstar solution & services is authorized reseller for document imaging products like high speed document scanners. we represent leading brands in the market like kodak scanners, fujitsu scanners & hp scanner & canon sacnners. star solution & services provides scanners with the feature like adf scanner, adf with flatbed scanner, high speed, simplex & duplex scanning, high resolution from 75 to 1200 dpi, ccd based, minimum paper size visiting card & maximum paper size a3 scanning, color, black & white (bitonal), gray scale scanning, bulk scanning. era solutionz has wide exposure to every part of india including cities like ahmedabad, bangalore, chennai, delhi, hyderabad, indore, jaipur, kolkata, mumbai, nagpur & pune.
plastic card varientswe offer premium quality pvc blank cards at an attractive price in the industry and within the desired time. we also supply plastic card printers. you can contact us for having a consistent supply of high-quality plain white pvc cards as per quality parameters and requirements. being in the industry for 15 years we provide plastic cards with quality standards assured. these pvc cards can be used to make: plastic gift card, plastic business card, transparent business card, plastic id card, membership card, loyalty card, fundraiser card, school id card, photo id card, photo id badge, any id badge or id card, plastic luggage tags, for marketing and other customized use.











products june 16, 2020admin id card printer pvc cards rfid cards mifare cards priting ribbions cardholders lanyard scanners paper printer pre-printed cards drivers








hello world! june 15, 2020admin1 comment welcome to wordpress. this is your first post. edit or delete it, then start writing!








about this site develop your revenue with multiple plastic card printing machines & applications











			theme by think up themes ltd. powered by wordpress.			

















