







core sound




























































































cart
















0
















              home
            

            products
          

              about
            

              services
            

            resources
          

            contact
          
















































































cart
















0











homeproductsaboutservicesresourcescontact








































core sound makes the world's most precise, great sounding and popular ambisonic, virtual and binaural microphones.
see all products









core sound octomic® is the world's finest 2nd-order ambisonic microphone for virtual reality, gaming, binaural, and general recording.
learn more









core sound tetramic® is the world's most accurate and popular 1st-order ambisonic microphone for virtual reality, gaming, binaural, and general recording.
learn more










 

core sound's ambisonic, virtual and binaural microphones are used by the world's leading-edge media and research groups for virtual reality, 360vr, video games, concert recording and other super-serious audio recordings.

 

our top sellers













core sound octomic™ 2nd-order ambisonic microphone
the world's first 2nd-order ambisonic microphone.octomic is the ideal microphone for recording virtual reality (vr) projects, including cinema, video games, music and ambience. in post-production, octomic allows users to define arbitrarily complex microphone configurations, and to dynamically track sound sources in space. during playback, it allows for dynamic head-tracking and an unlimited number of playback speaker configurations.



learn more









“i was blown away by the clarity and sense of spatial resolution.”

— mirek stiles, at abbey road studios




“taking the crown as the ambisonic mic of choice for most people.”

— stephen barton, grammy-winning film composer













core sound tetramic™ 1st-order ambisonic microphone
the first portable, single point, stereo & surround sound ambisonic soundfield microphone to be available for under $900 fully configured for most multi-track recorders and audio interfaces. individually calibrated, each tetramic is the finest performing microphone of its type in the world. compare its performance to similar soundfield microphones selling for $3000 or more and you'll be quite amazed.



learn more









“the results are jaw-droppingly good. localisation and definition are superb”

— john leonard, respected sound designer in london (u.k.)













core sound binaural microphone
the world’s most popular, mid-priced, clip-on, binaural microphone set.



learn more









“binaural effect is quite spectacular...the sound is thoroughly convincing ... they sounded superb and were very easy to use”

— flawn williams, documentary and music recordist for public radio and independent projects








some of our customers














































































































































subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!













new gallery



new page



about customers



new page













































copyright 2021 core sound, llc"core sound microphones" is a trademark of core sound, llc"core sound" is a trademark of core sound, llc"octomic", "tetramic", "headline" and "2phant" are trademarks of core sound, llc


















