      buy manuka honey online for sale | best active manuka honey price     


   
          
    your cart (0)                    your cart is empty add items to get started  continue shopping   

     
 407-800-9163     free shipping $150+

    sign in new account about blog contact                      0       product search                 
 

if this is your first time accessing our new site, you will need to reset your password. click here to do so.


  global account log in      email address    password    forgot password?  new account      
  0     secure checkout         


 sign in





manuka honey


honey drops & syrup


manuka oil & soap


shop all


 sign in new account about blog contact 




      buy manuka honey onlinemanuka honey usa is the leading source to buy active & raw manuka honey. order and get 100% pure new zealand manuka honey from the purest source.    new zealand manuka honey 
collected from the remote lush valleys and alps in new zealand, where you find the cleanest air, water and most nutrient rich soil in the world today.

    manuka honey      honey drops & syrup      manuka oil & soap      shop all manuka honey products         featured manuka honey products 
products made with all-natural ingredients & containing active manuka honey from new zealand.

          raw manuka honey umf®16+ 35oz (1kg)  $184.00           new zealand blue borage honey 17.5oz jar  $28.00           mf manuka honey 35oz jar  $84.00           mf manuka honey 17.5oz jar  $42.00           raw manuka honey umf®16+ 17.5oz  $92.00               why try manuka honey? 
manuka honey from new zealand (leptospermum scoparium) has been researched for the past 3+ decades by a number of researchers, but the most well-known of them all, was dr. peter molan, of the waikato university in new zealand. dr. molan, the pioneer researcher, found that no matter what bacteria you throw at manuka honey, it is going to destroy it naturally, even the much feared mrsa and vre wound staph infections. all natural manuka honey is therefore used by both humans and animals, internally (from acid reflux, to stomach, all the way down to ibs issues), as well as externally, for any opening in the skin, burn, wound, sore, ulcer, scars etc. new zealand manuka honey, compared to other traditional topical ointments against infection, has shown consistently, to outperform man-made potions, salves, and creams. manuka honey has been praised as “nature’s miracle drug” without side effects… shop now

         
    30+years of importing honey.

  
    25,000+happy customers.

  
    190+manuka honey recipes.

  
    1,300+manuka honey related articles.

      best selling honey 
check out our customer favorites.

          raw manuka honey umf®16+ 17.5oz  $92.00           manuka honey umf®16+ 1 month supply 2x17.5oz  $184.00           manuka honey umf®16+ 1.5 month supply 3x17.5oz  $276.00           manuka honey umf®16+ 3 month supply = 6 jars @17.5oz  $552.00           manuka honey umf®16+ 6 month supply 12x17.5oz  $1,104.00               
what is unique about new zealand manuka honey? most unique in taste, smoothness, creaminess… i have personally tried honey’s from around the world, and have found some interesting flavors, colors, textures and slight natural antibacterial strength, however, once i was introduced to manuka honey from new zealand, my search ended. from hundreds of honey varieties around the world, new zealand manuka honey is the most unique in taste, smoothness, creaminess, and most important, it’s natural capabilities of destroying harmful bacteria quickly, that modern medicine is struggling to cope with, such as antibiotic resistance in our society today. what sets manuka honey apart from any other floral sourced honey in the world, is it’s natural release of hydrogen peroxide into a wound for example, and other unique parameters, only known to manuka honey from new zealand. manuka honey research will continue for decades to come, and new elements have yet to be discovered.  shop now

            
manuka honey benefits, uses & applications: since 2007, manuka honey is fda approved for natural wound applications... most people are aware by now that naturally medicinal manuka honey is used by both humans and animals, internally (gastro-intestinal) and externally for any opening in the skin. since 2007, manuka honey is fda approved for natural wound applications. of course manuka honey is eatable, just like any other honey, but manuka honey has benefited millions of people (and animals), dealing with common issues of the gastrointestinal tract. consumers who use manuka honey on a daily basis, report back to us, how much it has helped them, for example with acid reflux, heartburn, an upset stomach, stomach ulcer, and even seems to help alleviate ibs symptoms the natural way. likewise, a lot of folks are using manuka honey as a natural wound dressing for burns, wounds, ulcers, sores, surgery scars, insect stings and bites, or any other opening in the skin for humans and animals.  shop now

           
why should i always buy 100% new zealand manuka honey? the manuka bush is a shrub that is found only in new zealand (leptospermum scoparium)... there are other types of tea tree bushes that grow in some parts of australia, however, those other types produce only a low potency manuka honey, and can not be compared to the top-notch manuka honey for sale, harvested only in new zealand, and no other parts in the world, which makes new zealand manuka honey extremely rare and unique. there is only a very limited amount of authentic manuka honey available to buy per year, per season. remember the manuka flowers only bloom about 2 weeks out of the year! since manuka honey is such a rare “breed”, it leaves the door wide open to money greedy individuals, who sell fake manuka honey, adulterated manuka honey, or put a substance into a jar that contains no honey at all, such as are flooding the market from asia, adding water into a jar, a thickening agent, brown color, caramelized flavor, whip it up and call that liquid “manukahoney”. where there is money to be made in any type of rare niche product, there is no scarcity of counterfeits.  shop now

          
caroline stewart corona georgia i highly recommend this product for humans and animals. i can't tell you the remarkable results that i have had, i have referred it to many others, nothing compares to this product. i just don't understand why they don't use it like they should in medical facilities or veterinarian practices. i guess it's about making...

   
gail thiessen dawson creek, bc i first ordered a jar of manuka honey about four years ago, just to try it, and have since ordered about half a dozen more jars — it’s that good! i’ve used it both internally, and externally, and it works! cuts and scrapes heal in no time at all, and a teaspoon taken internally will…

      monthly packagesproducts made with all-natural ingredients & containing active manuka honey from new zealand.          manuka honey umf®16+ 1 month supply 2x17.5oz  $184.00           manuka honey umf®16+ 3 month supply = 6 jars @17.5oz  $552.00           manuka honey umf®16+ 6 month supply 12x17.5oz  $1,104.00           the winter & year-round wellness pack  $135.50         
why is the “manuka honey usa” brand the best manuka honey in the us? because we do not make any compromises and shortcuts. manuka honey usa offers its clients pure, raw, natural, unpasteurized, lab tested authentic manuka honey, no filters, no substitutes, no harmful ingredients of any kind added, simply bee-made, un-adulterated honey, directly from the hive. manuka honey usa is a us-based company that imports raw manuka honey for sale from new zealand since 1994, for the past 30+ years. our manuka honey adheres to all the strict rules, regulations, and guidelines by the mpi (ministry of primary industry) in new zealand, the official umf® honey association of new zealand (our umf® license nr. is # 2238). additionally, every shipment goes through customs and fda inspection, when entering the united states, before being released to our orlando warehouse. we are no longer allowed to say “active manuka honey”, as that implies some type of activity, however, the correct term is manuka honey umf®16+. buy manuka honey online at affordable prices.

     
frequently asked questions   01 what’s so special about our manuka honey?     manuka honey usa llc is the first and original manuka honey importer on the us east coast. every shipment adheres to the strict rules and regulations of the mpi (the us version of the fda). additionally, every shipment is inspected by customs and fda here in the us, before being released to our warehouse located in orlando florida. manuka honey usa sale the consumer pure manuka honey online at the best prices to purchase highest quality manuka honey in united states. our best manuka honey to buy is filled with natural amino acids, minerals like potassium, magnesium, iron, sodium, zinc, calcium, copper, magnesium, iron, and other rich nutrients like thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, and vitamin b6. the natural unprocessed honey being sold by us is the best manuka honey to buy in the us. we play by the rules in every way, no funky business.    02 what umf® strength is the most beneficial for me?     when researching manuka honey online, you clearly get the impression that, “the higher the rating the better”, however that concept could not be further from the truth. higher rating are a lot more expensive, however, are they the best choice? the answer is “no”. when having this specific conversation with dr. peter molan in person, while visiting in new zealand, dr. molan recommended the use of manuka honey umf®16+. the “medium strength” is the most beneficial, when you are dealing with internal or external uses and applications. a unique manuka factor (umf) of 16+, is therefore your best manuka honey choice. the umf® trademark, that is legally protected by the official umf® honey association in new zealand, is globally recognized as “the standard”, when you purchase manuka honey online. a standard that guarantees the consumer, that they are purchasing the highest quality manuka honey for sale available from new zealand. we are no longer allowed to say “active manuka honey”, as that implies some type of activity, however, the correct term is manuka honey umf®16+. the umf® association overseas the very important role of external quality control, in order to verify and guarantee the highest quality, purity, potency and authenticity. umf stands for “unique manuka factor”, which represents the natural anti-bacterial action present in authentic new zealand manuka honey, as described by dr. peter molan himself.    03 how do i know that i’m buying authentic manuka honey that is lab tested?     make sure that a manuka honey company is umf® licensed, and that their license number is on the label. with a umf® license number and batch number, you can trace the origin of manuka honey right back to the beekeeper in new zealand. in other words, your research will go full circle. manuka honey usa llc, is such a umf® licensed company, and already adheres to all the strict rules and regulations in new zealand, and the united states. congratulations, you found one of the only true manuka honey importers in the us, that runs their company with honesty and integrity. buy pure honey online now! you may purchase manuca honey from us with confidence, knowing that every one of your purchases is backed up with current lab reports, both the mf manuka honey, as well as the manuka honey umf®16+. we appreciate your trust in us, and we will never let you down, as money does not dictate our decision making process. we are here to serve you with a top notch, rare, medicinal product, at fair prices, that you will not find on large online shopping channels, or brick and mortar chain stores. buy honey online here.    04 how much does manuka honey cost?     you can compare the cost for authentic manuka honey, to the cost of a potent man-made antibiotic. buy real active manuka honey that is umf® lab tested, umf® certified and umf® licensed (lic. nr. 2238), which is not cheap. if you order manuka honey online by only comparing pricing, you are missing the point. always shop for raw manuka honey by comparing quality, and authenticity and look for lab certification. where to buy manuka honey? you may purchase manuca honey at our shop. when researching new zealand manuka honey, look for companies that are officially registered and licensed with the umf® honey association of new zealand. also the mpi (ministry of primary industry), the equivalent to the fda (food & drug association) in the united states, also oversees the export requirements of new zealand manuka honey. once the honey arrives in the us, it goes additionally through customs and fda inspection, once released, our company receives the honey into our warehouse, located in orlando florida. considering, that the manuka flowers only bloom for approximately 2 weeks out of the year, you can already see, why this medicinal honey captures a premium price in the market place, because there is only a very limited amount of pure manuka honey being produced per year, per season. additionally, our company, manuka honey usa llc, only deals with reputable beekeepers in new zealand, that are part of the official umf® honey association. both the beekeepers and our company, pay a hefty price each year to be part of the official umf® honey association, in order to ensure quality control, unannounced inspections, and most important letting consumers know, that they can trust our beekeepers and us, importing only the highest, lab tested manuka honey, available from new zealand, making it available here in the us. there is not an unlimited supply of authentic pure manuka honey available. anytime you see “cheap” manuka honey on large online shopping channels, buyer beware. most of those honey’s are either fake, or have been diluted and stretched with other, similar tasting honey’s for a quick monetary gain… our company, manuka honey usa llc, is doing business in a tiny niche market, with honesty and integrity. we have lab tests for every batch we import, in order to prove to you, that our honey is the real deal, buy pure honey online today, check out our collection here. according to manuka honey researchers world-wide, manuka honey is considered like a “natural antibiotic”, because of its natural effectiveness in combatting mrsa and vre wound staph infection. so when are looking at the new zealand manuka honey price, that is available in extremely limited amounts, expect to pay about the same price you would pay, for man-made antibiotics, that most people have become immune to), however, manuka honey is all-natural, without any known side effects. when researching to order new zealand manuka honey, look for companies that are officially registered and licensed with the umf® honey association of new zealand. also the mpi (ministry of primary industry), the equivalent to the fda (food & drug association) in the united states, also oversees the export requirements of new zealand manuka honey. once the honey arrives in the us, it goes additionally through customs and fda inspection, once released, our company receives the honey into our warehouse, located in orlando florida. buy raw honey online at manuka honey usa.   

     
check out our blog useful articles, manuka honey recipes and more. our blog offers information about naturally medicinal manuka honey, free honey recipes, and more! manuka honey usa llc is first & original manuka honey company on the us east coast.

       texas officially launches honey bee license plates september 10, 2020 texas launches new plates with the majority of money going to help local honey bee programs.       honey garlic boneless pork chops september 07, 2020 this looks delicious!       diy summer honey body scrub september 05, 2020 this diy body scrub will freshen you right up after a long day at the beach!          
manuka honey from new zealand manuka honey usa imports pure, raw, natural un-pasteurized manuka honey and active manuka honey umf 16+ (umf tested and certified, license # 1033) from new zealand since 1994. shop now

  
  

            
where to buy manuka honey online? manuka honey from new zealand (leptospermum scoparium) has been researched for the past 3+ decades by a number of researchers, but the most well-known of them all, was dr. peter molan, of the waikato university in new zealand. since 1994, for the past 30+ years, you can buy authentic manuka honey from manuka honey usa llc, right here in the us. we ship our pure honey, that is raw, natural, un-pasteurized, lab certified manuka honey directly from our orlando warehouse to your doorsteps, anywhere in the us. our office and warehouse hours are: mo-fr 9-5 est, orlando florida. our honey is collected in the remote valleys and alps in new zealand, where you will find the most nutrient-rich soil, clean water, and air, in the world today. you may purchase authentic manuka honey from new zealand with confidence at our shop. we offer only the highest quality raw manuka honey for sale online at the best prices. shop now

          #1 choice manuka honey usa is the first and original manuka honey company on the us east coast importing pure, raw, natural un-pasteurized authentic manuka honey since 1994, that is umf lab tested, certified & licensed…   all naturalour honey is pure, raw, natural, un-pasteuized, truly tested and umf certified manuka honey umf®16+ from remote valleys and alps in new zealand.   health remedieshoney has long been used to make natural remedies for various ailments, making it popular with practitioners of alternative medicine.               
category
category 


manuka honey


honey drops & syrup


manuka oil & soap


shop all



  address manuka honey usa llc8815 conroy windermere rd #229orlando, fl 32835 us phone 407-800-9163   connect with us                     
        your subscription could not be saved. please try again.         your subscription has been successful.          join our mailing list               subscribe         

  safe & secure 
  we accept             our history healing manuka honey organic manuka honey privacy terms & conditions  
© 1994-2025 manuka honey usa llc all rights reserved

 

      