






 

ruby mountain heli: premier heliskiing & lodging in nevada



















































































































































 









our story
the skiing
the lodge
conditions
booking
contact

 

 

our story
the skiing
the lodge
conditions
booking
contact

 














 








48 years of experienceinvest in your memoriesbook nowjoin us for ruby magic2025 tours are selling out fast!book now48 years of experienceinvest in your memoriesbook nowjoin us for ruby magicwe are currently booking for the 2025 winter season!book now48 years of experienceinvest in your memoriesbook nowjoin us for ruby magicinvest in your memoriesbook now 

 

 









       














ruby mountain heli 



close to home.terrain for all abilities. world class accommodations.family owned and operated since 1977.  










 




							unlimited terrain						


						the rubies are 90 miles long and 10-12 miles wide, offering varied terrain for everyone.					









 




							50 peaks above 10,000 feet						


						up to 3500 feet of vertical. when weather and snow conditions align we are able to land and ski/board off of the 11,387 foot ruby dome, the highest peak in the rubies, along with 14 other peaks above 11,000 feet.					









 




							no down days						


						a-star 350 b3, one of the best aircraft on the market for high altitude flying, along with snowcat skiing option during storms or high winds.					









 




							world class staff						


						intimate setting with a max of 16 guests at a time. highly qualified guides and staff ensure attention to detail and safety.					









 




							remote feel, convenient location						


						halfway between reno and salt lake city with an airport located nearby, opening the doors for an easy trip.					











 















 



 





the skiing 



with an incredible variety of terrain for all ability levels, the ruby mountains truly are a special place. 






learn more














 



 





ruby 360 lodge 



exquisite accommodations and world-class dining, 48 years in the making 






learn more














 



 





4:1 guest to guide ratio 



smaller groups, more attention to detail 










 



 





guaranteed to get out 



no down days with our snowcat skiing option 






learn more













 



 





remote location, yet easy to get to 



conveniently located between reno and salt lake city 









 



 





reactions 



our guests become our family 














						“skiing in such a beautiful mountain range with top-rate professional guides is what keeps us coming back year after year.  as ski patrollers, we really appreciate their efforts to have the most up-to-date safety technology and weather forecasting tools available. knowing the commitment that goes into making sure guests are safe truly enhances the overall experience. there are so many things that bring us back year after year.  high on the list is an enjoyment of one of the most beautiful mountain ranges we know in an intimate environment with fantastic people. the royers have built an operation that is so unique and special.” 					


paul and tracy amidonlarkspur, co 






						from the minute i leave the 360 lodge i’m itching to get back. while the food, drink and accommodations are superb, it’s the royer family vibe and the incredibly friendly staff and guides that make this a one-of-a-kind experience--one of a kind that i hope to experience year after year after year.					


daniel weinerbrooklyn, ny 






						rmh has provided memorable adventures and lifelong friendships, 35 years for mark and 22 years for dom… the rubies are always magical and capture the essence of a high altitude backcountry experience. access to the mountains has been carefully planned and it has evolved with joe’s thorough 40+ years of experience in the range. an unforgettable part of the western u.s. and an unforgettable experience we look forward to each winter. 					


mark and dom boitanocamel valley, ca 






						the ruby mountains are one of my "special "places.  over 15 years i've had the good fortune to share the experience of skiing the rubies with each of my children, my close friends and even big groups of colleagues. the ruby mountain crew always make it a special experience to ski the "yosemite of nevada".  lots of great and varied terrain...i've had a lot of "best day ever” times in the rubies.					


michael hopkinsmanhattan beach, ca 






						i have done four trips with ruby mountain heli and just booked it again for next year. why do i keep coming back? it's easily accessible, the terrain is wonderful, and the royer's are fabulous hosts. most importantly, i have the utmost confidence in the guides. heli-skiing can be dangerous and i have never had reason to question any of their decisions. i highly recommend ruby mountain heli! as warren miller famously said, "if you don't do it this year, you'll be one year older when you do.”					


patrick toddnew york, ny 






						my friends and i have been skiing the rubies with the royers and ruby mountain heli-ski for as long as i can remember.  ever trip has been memorable and worth every penny.  when the royers finally built their own lodge right at the base of their skiing operation, that just made the experience that much more worthwhile.  a day in the rubies is a day in paradise, and a night at the ruby 360 lodge is a night in paradise. 					


joe wronapark city, ut 






						the addition of ruby 360 lodge puts ruby over the top with top notch accommodations, great food, wonderful people and off the beaten path so no one else is around. it is a very elegant mountain range that makes me feel like i am in the middle of nowhere, but then i get to fly back to the lodge, a massage, cocktail hour, dinner service and a hot tub. the place is as good as it gets with some of the best people around. 					


michael hopkinsmanhattan beach, ca 






						i’ve been going over to the rubies since we stayed at a warped floor inn with 3 helicopters in a cow pasture full of cow pies, likely 25+ trips over 40 years. i guess that sort of says something it in itself. ruby continues to constantly evolve to seek the best customer experience. i’ve had more fun and great memories at the rubies with ski poles in my hands than any other place on this earth. i last told my friends in park city before this last trip “that i’m going to my favorite place."					


richard chapmanpark city, ut 






						skiing in the ruby mountains is the high point of my year, every year. the snow and the terrain is spectacular and the operation is absolutely world-class. you find yourself in these incredible spots with amazing guides keeping you safe, and it's just about the most fun a person can possibly have. the skiing is fantastic, but just being out in those mountains is a profound experience i look forward to every year.  					


mark ambrosesan diego, ca   






						my brother-in-law and i have been coming to rmh annually since 1977. when our children were in high school we started bringing them along if they made progress in their tougher classes. our initials, carved in the tree trunks like those of basque shepherds, can still be found. no better investment can be made in your memories with your daughter or son.					


paul minasianchico, ca 





















 





heliskiing packages 



something for everyone. 










						single-day heli						


$ 
						1882					






										breakfast and lunch​									






										double occupancy lodging on arrival night​									






										guide service									





										5-6 runs guarantee									





										arrival night dinner optional upgrade									





							book now						

							available on thursdays, january 16 through april 3						













						three-day heli						


$ 
						5950					






										all your meals (arrival night dinner optional upgrade)									






										three nights lodging, double occupancy									






										guide service									





										ski rental									





										15-18 ski run guarantee									





							book now						













						heli-assist touring						


$ 
						3200					






										get a lift in and out of the rubies									






										highly qualified guide service									






										potential for 4000+ feet of vert in a day									





										up to 4 people									





							book now						

							price divided by however many people are in the group						


























call us today and book your dream trip 







 
(775) 753-6867














 





 



ruby mountains heli is a premiere heliskiing operation based in lamoille, nv with over 48 years of experience in treating our guests to the best time of their lives.

rmh is a proud us forest service partner operating on humboldt-toiyabe national forest. 







info 







 
heli-ski u.s.





 
partners





 
privacy policy





 
terms & conditions





 
press





 
employment











extra 







 
ruby blog





 
ruby store





 
current conditions





 
what to expect





 
gallery





 
newsletter











packages 







 
3-day heli





 
1-day heli





 
heli-assist touring





 
standby





 
high yurt





 
low yurt











contact 



ruby mountain helicopter experiencep.o. box 281192lamoille, nevada 89828
775-753-6867info@helicopterskiing.com 






facebook-f
 



youtube
 



instagram
 















© 2025 ruby mountain heli. all rights reserved.web design and principal photography by matt bansak 



















































































































