




united yorkie rescue - a 501(c)(3) non-profit yorkshire terrier rescue organization















united yorkie rescue
[ login ]





home
about us
looking for love
happy tails
forever ours
rainbow bridge
thank you
in memoriam page
adoption application
volunteer application
request to surrender
non-fostering volunteer application
f.a.q.
board of directors
how you can help
yorkie shoppe
links
videos & slideshows


 

working together to save lives... one yorkie at a time.your help is desperately needed! won't you please give us a hand with our latest rescued
yorkies?


uyr's latest rescues













 
important information regarding puppy purchase scams
we recently learned that one or more individuals have been using the united yorkie rescue name (or a variation of our name) and created facebook pages selling yorkie puppies. these scammers including evelyn marie (last name omitted) and others working with her, have defrauded individuals across the country. she requests a down payment or payment in full and never ships the dog. this individual and her partners are not nor ever have been members of our rescue.
united yorkie rescue goes through an extensive adoption process that requires an application, personal and vet reference checks and a home visit before any adoption decision is made. we never request a down payment to "reserve" a dog. only when you are approved and adoption is imminent, will we request you send an adoption fee. we prefer to adopt "locally" and will only adopt out of state in special cases.


october 6, 2024





here is the link.
tiny paws box & yorkies 
box












to see all our foster dogs, use the left navigation link "looking for love". dogs are displayed alphabetically by state. 


united yorkie rescue is pleased to share that a wonderful organization, wrapped in love (wil), will be providing uyr with adoption blankets, belly bands, diapers, bandanas, and tug toys. wrapped in love is a group of artisans who recognize that everyone can do something in the rescue world and this is "their something". each item is carefully handcrafted with love and sent directly from the wil members' homes to the featured rescue(s). if you would like to learn more and join this amazing and supportive group, visit their facebook page at www.facebook.com/groups/artisanswithamission and the website, where all the pledging is done, at www.wil4u.com. in under 3 years wrapped in love has pledged over 11,000 blankets plus thousands of other items. this mission will continue until all rescue and shelter dogs find loving forever homes! uyr is proud to have been selected as a recipient of their support.
**********
can you imagine forcing your pet dog to live his or her entire life in a small wire cage with no human companionship, toys, or comfort, and little hope of ever becoming part of a family? that is what life is like for a puppy mill breeding dog. help us stop this cycle of cruelty that contributes to pet overpopulation and the suffering of countless dogs by adopting your next pet. there are many places you can adopt your next pet, such as an animal shelter, humane society, or a rescue organization. click on our looking for love link and check out all the beautiful yorkies in our foster program. if you don't see what you are looking for, we recommend visiting www.petfinder.com. you might be surprised to see all the pets available in your area. remember: adopt, don't shop! 
**********
check out our adoptable pups on looking for love to find your perfect companion. if you are interested in adopting a dog not located in your state, please note that we do not ship dogs via air cargo. out of state transport guidelines are explained on our online adoption request form.




uyr could not continue to rescue yorkies in need without the help of our donors. to date we have rescued: 4417 yorkies and yorkie mixes. our vetting costs to date are: $3,479,270! 
uyr fully vets all its foster dogs, updating vaccinations, spaying and neutering, addressing much needed dentals which cause serious health issues down the road for any dog. we are also one of the few rescue groups that can take on serious conditions like liver shunt, orthopedic injuries and tumor surgery. won't you please consider joining the list of donors on our  page to help us continue to save our beloved breed?
if you would like to make a donation to our organization, please use the following paypal button, or if your bank offers zelle payments, you can send donations directly to our checking account using this address:  uyrtreasurer@yahoo.com
you may also send a check to our treasurer at the address displayed below the paypal button. we are an approved 501(c)(3) organization. all donations are tax-deductible. irs rules for donors







united yorkie rescue 
treasurer
p.o. box 23 
wales, wi  53183-0023
**********




just click on the igive logo



have questions? info@uyr.us



photo submissions are being accepted april 1st through june 1st for the 2017 calendar. email as many photos as you'd like of dogs that were adopted from rescue groups or shelters to fortheloveofrescues@yahoo.com. those selected get a calendar at cost plus shipping. 




looking for a pet friendly apartment? here's a helpful site. 









united yorkie rescue store on cafepress

**********

**********
k9 carts.com





request to surrender form
if you need to surrender your yorkie or mix, please, use this link "request to surrender form" to contact to contact a uyr representative. please complete this form in its entirety, including a photo if possible. a representative will be in contact with you as soon as possible to make arrangements or refer you to another rescue if we do not have members in your area.


read about ozzie, our first liver shunt pup, on the yorkie tales page. see a happy ending to a serious medical condition. your donation can make a big difference.


look us up on guidestar, a national clearinghouse for non-profits.



news updates

			forever ours  - 2022


as of march 2023, uyr has 13 yorkies in the forever ours program. their cost of care has been significant and these pups will remain with uyr for the rest of their lives.  they receive vetting care as needed and this care is provided by uyr and your donations. we are always looking for people who would be interested in being a 'sponsor' to one or more of our forever ours yorkies!  as a sponsor you will become a cherished person in this dog's life. you would receive communications about your sponsored pup and your name would appear in their story on the forever ours page.  if you are interested please contact sandra wendt at president@uyr.us president@uyr.usplease, visit our forever ours page!!!


			in lieu donation  - 2020


we have had many requests for a way to make a donation to uyr in lieu of gifts for family and friends on birthdays and other special occasions. we listened and have designed a special card that we'll send to your loved one. please, be sure to include to whom and what you're designating the donation.to make this thoughtful gift, contact: treasurer@uyr.us. to make any donation, use the paypal button below, or mail a check to:united yorkie rescue: in lieup.o. box 23wales, wi  53183-0023we appreciate the overwhelming generosity of our donors! the members and yorkies of uyr say thank you!!!



 




^ top | ©2025 united yorkie rescue
				<- page generated in 0.19 seconds ->




