






resumes- resumes illustrated - see how easy resume writing can be!                







































































resumes illustrated lets you see how easy it is for you to write your own resume!it's free!




















resume writing 101resume mistakesresumes illustratedcover letters to copy

































resume  recommendations




















































resume recommendation# 1focus your resume on what the potential employer wants to hear.  your resume should be an advertisement addressing the needs of the potential employer, not your autobiography.  the employer should be thinking "wow, this person has exactly what i am looking for" as they read your resume.resume recommendation # 2make your resume easy to read.  a potential employer will spend approximately 20 seconds scanning each of the 50-100 resumes in front of them.  an easy-to-read format enables them to read your whole resume rather than a small portion in that 20 seconds.resume recommendation # 3write a resume with substance & depth. don't summarize, water-down, and oversimplify your job responsibilities and accomplishments.  the result is that a potential employer thinks "this person is lazy and doesn't do very much"resume recommendation # 4be bold but honest throughout your resume.  an employer will interview only the 3-5 strongest candidates.  modesty will cause you to lose the interview.resume recommendation # 5prioritize the information that the employer seeks and simplify or omit information of minimal interest to the employer.  the most significant accomplishments and jobs need to be at the beginning of the resume, not buried further down the page.resume recommendation # 6proofread your resume to eliminate spelling errors, grammatical errors, and formatting inconsistencies.  a potential employer will think "a person presenting them self this poorly on paper will likely poorly represent our company."



















































































 for permission to reprint, contact permission@resumecopy.com




























resumes illustrated--as leaders and innovators in resume writing for over 20 years, we know exactly what headhunters and hiring managers want to hear and how to say it. we've written over 6,000 resumes in all fields, for clients throughout the united states.  resumes illustrated applies our resume writing experience so that you can get started writing a quality resume yourself.




























resume writing 101    resume mistakes    resumes illustrated    cover letters to copy





































































