






my travel blog - my wordpress blog about travel















































skip to content



my travel blog
my wordpress blog about travel








featured
uzbekistan 

hitchhiking in
uzbekistan 
are you thinking of hitchhiking while traveling in uzbekistan? then
there’s a few things you should think of before heading out. you see,
hitchhiking in uzbekistan differs a bit from the rest of the world. in most
countries, the locals are familiar with hitchhikers and know when someone’s
standing in the middle of the road with their thumb up, it means they want a
free ride. here… it’s a bit different. let’s take a look at how hitchhiking is
in uzbekistan. 
first of all… 
plan your route. don’t just go on the road with no idea where to go
or what to do. know exactly where you want to go, pin it on your offline maps
and tell everyone at home and friends where you are! make sure that you’re
always connected so you can see where you’re going and that you can call
someone if something would happen. 
secondly… 
go to the highway. don’t expect anyone to pick you up in the middle
of the city center for example. the best way for you is to catch a bus or taxi
to the highway so that it’ll be easier to find someone who’s going your way and
for drivers to stop and pick you up. 
third… 
have patience. don’t give up after a few minutes. it can take a
while, depending on where you are, for cars to come pick you up, but they
usually do. 
what to know
about hitchhiking in uzbekistan 
it’s important to know that it’s not very common to see foreign hitchhikers in uzbekistan. but it is common for locals to wave a car in to catch a ride to their destination. however, it’s expected of them to pay then. so when you’re standing there on the road and want to get a free ride, locals might mistake it for you just wanting them to give you a ride for a bit of money. if you really don’t want to pay anything, make sure you say so before you enter the car. tell them you’re a student who’s traveling with very little money and say that you can’t pay for the ride. if they accept, you may enter. otherwise, ask them what the price is and if it’s too high for you, wait for the next car to come. uzbeks are very hospitable people and most of them will try to help you as much as they can. but there are people who’ll want money for it. it could also be really useful if you learn some russian before you start hitchhiking. otherwise, it might be too confusing for the locals and they’ll just drive away after trying to talk to you. at least learn basic russian words— you’ll come a long way just with that. perhaps even to your intended destination! 

a big thank you to our friends at the best drywall company in edmonton.  to see what services we offer go to oiltowndrywall.com
 

author  adminposted on january 12, 2020january 2, 2020 



dangerous but cool travel destinations 

5 dangerous but travel-worthy cities in the
world
in every corner of the
world, there is impending danger. even the safest cities can sometimes be hit
by either disaster or crime.
not all cities are as
harmonious as they are in pictures and postcards. some of them actually have
open secrets such as gang wars or illegal activities such as drug and sex
trafficking.
travel at your own
risk with these five dangerous but travel-worthy cities in the world. note that
these are all based on news headlines and oral accounts.
tijuana, mexico
you probably heard of drug kingpin
joaquin “el chapo” guzman loera. despite the leader of the sinaloa cartel
already being extradited to the united states, cartel activities have become
more rampant with the imprisonment of mexico’s second most powerful man.
sinaloa has seen better days but
tijuana still remains to be  rather less
friendly. its proximity to the united states border makes it prone to shady
activities under the noses of national defense.
despite the tequilla, tacos, burritos,
and nice beaches, kidnappings, robberies, and carjackings still occur on top of
drug-related activites.   
mexican authorities do a good job
making sure resort areas safe for tourists as a huge number pours in on a daily
basis.
rio de janeiro, brazil
ever seen the
movie turistas? that should be your preview that brazil’s white sand beaches and striking rainforests are just a front of
tensions that happen in the city of rio de janeiro.
walking in the
steep alleyways of the favelas poses a different threat for every corner.
although residents have a familiarity with one another, the place can be
extremely hostile for an outsider.
buy-and-bust
operations happen there on a regular so you might want to prepare to duck at
any time when you are there.
moscow, russia
there is something about the frigid
siberian climate that lures tourists to visit russia. despite the stiff
stereotyping of the world’s largest country, travelers seem to have a fixation
for its varying landscapes,
and iconic architecture.
the country’s capital of moscow isn’t
as safe as it looks on pictures. the tourist-filled city’s rate when it comes
to hate crimes have increased through the years.
race and ethnicity still have to shed
blood in order to survive in some parts of the city. its stand on the lgbtq
community is another thing.
conscious travelers avoid taking their
cause to this city even though pride marches and same-sex relationships aren’t
illegal there.
manila, philippines
the philippines pride themselves of
being hospitable. though it may be true to some extent, some filipinos tend to
be treacherous and swindling.
travelers come to the philippines to
cheat on it’s very feasible dollar-peso exchange rate. it allows them to live a
very luxurious life for an extended period of time.
a lot of illegal activities happen in
the country’s capital of manila. there is a huge chance you end up as
collateral damage in one of the many violent crimes that happen in the narrower
streets.
a friendly tip when in manila: always
have a tight grasp on your belongings.
caracas, venezuela
another one of those currency hack
destinations is the caribbean, particularly venezuela. the country’s front are incredible landscapes, a clear blue coastline,
and beautiful supermodel-type women.
beneath all that’s beautiful is the
country’s capital of caracas. petty crimes might pale in comparison to the
murders that occur there.
venezuela
has the second-highest murder rate in the world but it doesn’t seem to scare
tourists who want to hop around caribbean nations.
travelers often bring minimal valuables and cash whilst only hiring trusted services when going to venezuela.




seattle microblading is the people responsible for this awesome post.  if you need a 3d eyebrows, give us a call. 

 

author  adminposted on january 12, 2020january 2, 2020 



hitch hiking 

tips for
hitchhiking around the world 
hitchhiking might sound scary at first, but if you’re up for an
adventure and you’re careful, it can be one of the best things you’ll do. not
only do you get free rides, you also get to know locals and travel in a more
thrilling way. but if you’re a first time hitcher, there’s a few tips that you
might need for getting your first ride. take a look!
check local
laws 
the first thing you need to do is check local laws. it’s not legal to
hitchhike in every country in the world. for example, it’s forbidden to do it
in australia (although many people still choose to do it). but don’t take any
unnecessary risks or disobey the law, it might not be worth taking that risk if
you get caught. 
try to do it
with someone 
hitchhiking with someone else is first of all safer. secondly, people
will be more prone to pick up two people, especially couples. a lone hitchhiker
might look like a drifter, but traveling with a partner will look like two
friends hitching a ride together. 
don’t hitch a
ride inside the city centre
no one wants to pick someone up in the middle of the city centre.
instead, try to go to the highway and find a good spot where cars can stop.
make sure that drivers have plenty of time to see you so they can stop
somewhere safely. the best thing is to get to the highway and try to hitch a
ride with someone going long distance. if they’re only able to give you a short
ride, make sure they don’t drop you off in the middle of nowhere. 
try to look
decent 
the first time i hitchhiked with a friend, the driver told us that he
picked us up because he thought we looked decent, meaning we looked clean. it
might sound like a strange thing to say, but would you pick up someone that you
thought looked dirty? probably not. 
don’t hide your
face with shades or a hat 
drivers will want to see your face before they decide if they want to
pick you up or not. if you’re wearing shades or a hat, they might not be able
to determine your face and won’t offer a ride. make eye contact, give them a
smile and don’t look somber, even if you’ve tried to hitch a ride for hours.
it’ll make you look more approachable and trustworthy. 
lastly, be
confident 
hold your head up high, give a big smile and stick your hand out
confidently. drivers only have a few seconds to decide if they want to pick you
up and they’ll most likely be more prone to pick up someone who looks like
they’ve done this before. 
always be safe 
it doesn’t matter if you feel like the person you just hitched a ride
with seems like the best person in the world. always. be. safe. and be on your
guard. tell everyone where you’re going, make sure you have connection on your
phone, pin your destination on your maps so you can always follow where the car
is taking you and keep your essentials within easy reach, just in case. don’t’
take any unnecessary risks! if you feel like the driver who stopped to pick you
up doesn’t seem reliable, don’t be afraid to say no. it’s always better to be
on the safe side. bring pepper spray or some other personal safety system too.
if you’re already in the car and you feel like you want to get out, pretend
you’re sick and need to stop. but tell the driver he doesn’t have to wait for
you and try to get as far away as possible from the driver. 
other than that… happy hitchhiking! the best part of it is getting new friends along the way, discovering new routes, hearing stories from your drivers and know that there are good people out in the world as well who are willing to give free rides to travelers. in some ways, hitchhiking does restore your faith in humanity, and perhaps that’s why so many people love it. 

this post was brought to you by our friends at exterminators edmonton.  if you have a mice or bed bug problem, call the trusted extermination professionals.
 

author  adminposted on july 10, 2019november 11, 2019 







search for:


search

  recent posts 

dangerous but cool travel destinations


uzbekistan


hitch hiking


archives 
january 2020
july 2019

categories 
travel


meta 
log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org 
 



my travel blog
privacy policy 
					proudly powered by wordpress				












