






 


becker helicopters pilot academy : becker helicopters

















































































skip to content



becker helicopters
pilot training academy

home military pilot training student portal client portal shop contact  
search:




 













 
home military pilot training student portal client portal shop contact 









military pilot training 
										becker helicopters has more than 10 years experience providing pilot training for military clients.
our initial entry rotary wing pilot training program has graduated over 450 military pilots. 
										find out more 
 


helicopter pilot academy 
										becker helicopters has been providing flight training solutions for more than 25 years.  
from initial to advanced training including multi-engine conversions, instructor training and night vision goggles training. 
										 


training books and resources 
										comprehensive range of educational resources including theory books, pilot handling notes, training videos, and more… 
										go to our shop 
 
















complete training solutions | high quality | low risk


helicopter flight training
becker helicopters has been operating since 1995, providing helicopter flight training solutions, and providing airwork and charter services.
our pilot academy provides helicopter flight training solutions, from abinitio to advanced pilot training.
military pilot training
for the past 10 years, becker helicopters has provided military pilot training, with over 350 graduating the initial entry rotary wing pilot training program.
flight training solutions
to ensure the quality and effectiveness of our training, becker helicopters has also developed its own flight simulation and virtual reality trainers, and a suite of training books and videos.








what we do




military pilot trainingadvanced pilot trainingtraining books and resources

		becker helicopters has more than 10 years experience providing military pilot training, with over 450 graduates.  training can be customised to a clients requirements.  the initial entry rotary wing pilot program generally includes a number of phases, including:

basic handling
advanced handling
navigation
tactical navigation
instrument
night
night vision goggles
formation





		becker helicopters provides a wide range of ratings and endorsements, including:

night vfr rating
instrument rating
nvis rating
low level rating
firefighting endorsement
formation flying
instructor rating
type training




training books and resourcespilot theory | advanced theory | pilot handling notes | videosbecker helicopters develops it own training materials. this allows us to ensure the materials are relevant to our courses and training platforms.  our training resources are written specifically for students who have english as a second language, using non technical language and using lots of illustrations and photos.
becker helicopters also offers some of these books for sale on our eshop.
check out our eshop

 previous tab next tab




our capabilitya complete solutionlow risk optionproven resultsexperiencedflexibleinnovativeself reliantaccrediteda complete solution


a complete solution
providing a through and through training solution, customised to a clients requirements, with options including pilot training, multi-engine conversion, instructor training, and aircrewman training.  add on solutions include english language, accommodation, tac officers and simulation training devices to support ongoing currency training.


low risk option


low risk option
our outstanding safety record, experience, standardised approach, use of simulation and virtual reality, and our record of providing on-time and on-budget solutions makes us a low risk training solution.


proven results


proven results
becker helicopters has graduated many civilian pilots over the years, as well as 350 military pilots and provided advanced training to a wide range of clients, including casa.  our training is consistently delivered on-time and on-budget.


experienced


becker helicopters has been providing flight training solutions for more than 20 years, and providing military flight training for more than 10 years.  our instructors have extensive experience in a wide range of civil and military operations.


flexible


training solutions can be customised to a client’s requirements, including training platform, syllabus, support services and training resources.


innovative


becker helicopters has continued to innovate, and constantly improve our training solutions.  this includes the development of our own flight simulation and virtual reality trainers, development of our own training books and videos, as well as expanding our services to include english language and aircrewman training.


self reliant


becker helicopters pilot academy is self-reliant, operating its own maintenance facility, refueling, simulator centre, resource and documentation center and internal instructor standardization programs to strategically manage risk and ensure timely helicopter and resource availability for the training programs is met.


accredited


becker helicopters is a casa approved part 141 training organisation and maintenance and repair organisation (mro).
in addition, becker helicopters is a registered training organisation (rto) with the australian government, and holds iso 9001:2015 qms certification. contact us for more information about our quality policy and compliance framework.


our clients







fire and emergency services – queensland









fire and rescue – new south wales









australian maritime safety authority (amsa)









civil aviation safety authority (casa)









republica democratica de timor leste









ergon energy









kbr









sang opm









saudi arabian ministry of national guard (mng)









uae joint aviation command









uae presidential guard

take a look at our gallery


















© 2025 becker helicopter services pty ltd.   all rights reserved. 


terms and conditions privacy policy contact footer menu







go to top






























































