





 




discoverphl - philadelphia convention and visitors bureau










































































                skip to content
            
















close 
















meet

start planning
search venues & services
planner tools & resources
what’s new
pa convention center
business divisions: diversity, life sciences, sports


travel trade

international
group tours
global tourism team


partners

join
partner login
partner directory


discover

plan your visit
curated experiences
neighborhoods
where to eat
where to stay
things to do


contact






                                language 



 






























submit rfpview my favorites 




















favorites
search more venues



                                email list
clear favorites







 you haven't favorited anything yet! favorited listings will appear here once you do.

















































come for




philadelphia.


stay for philly.




the convention.


stay for the unconventional.




the fine art.


stay for the street art.




the culture


stay for the community.















                                        1st                                    

                                        world heritage city in the u.s.                                    



                                        4000+                                    

                                        murals across the city.                                    









                                    2026                                

                                    a host city for the fifa world cup™                                









                                        $78.8 million                                    

                                        invested by the pa convention center in capital enhancements since 2020                                    



                                        #1                                    

                                        named most walkable convention center district by the wall street journal                                     










                            bring your next meeting, convention, or group to philadelphia and discover why people are choosing this northeast city. a city known for its rich history that’s forging a bright future, philadelphia celebrates diverse experiences ready to inspire.                        














































 

planning a meeting, convention or event? we are here to help! from corporate events to city-wide conventions hosted at the one-million-square-foot pennsylvania convention center, our destination experts will work with you from concept to the closing event. 
start planning 




 

start planning your american adventure! with its central east coast location, philadelphia is the premier gateway to the u.s. from in-language guides to international travel resources, our global team has compiled all the resources you’ll need to create the perfect trip. 
travel trade





 

discover philadelphia attending a convention or adding philadelphia to your us tour? philadelphia has something for everyone with unexpected yet memorable experiences at every turn. 
things to do












business divisions 








 phl diversity for more than 30 years, phl diversity has been connecting meeting and convention planners with the region’s multicultural business center.








 phl sports from the 2026 fifa world cup™ to beloved annual sport events like the broad street run, philadelphia is america’s host city.  check out what’s coming to philadelphia.








 phl life sciences planning a life sciences-related meeting? phl life sciences serves as your ultimate connection to the city’s foremost researchers, practitioners, corporate partners and more. 



















discover all philadelphia has to offer 








 top winter activities in philadelphia here is a roundup of some of the best things to do in the city during the winter.








 what’s new be the first to know about new hotels, restaurants, attractions, and more.








 top romantic experiences in philadelphia the city of brotherly love is so romantic it even has a park dedicated to love.








































bring your next event to philadelphia. 


submit rfpcontact us 










1601 market st, suite 200 philadelphia, pa 19103
 215-636-3300




about
contact our team
employment
phlcvb board
phlcvb foundation
press room
research and resources



sign up for meeting insider 
get exclusive news and updates in our monthly meetings newsletter. sign up 


strategic partners





























© 2025. philadelphia convention & visitors bureau
|privacy policy
|terms
| web design by push10 branding agency.

































