


































the native project – 







































 



skip to content








509-325-5502 (behavioral health) | 509-483-7535 (clinic health) | 509-483-4797 (pharmacy) 1803 w maxwell, spokane, wa 99201































patient portal











get covid-19 vaccine











donate























 
homefor patients get covid-19 vaccine patient handbook insurance assistance patient policies patient resources sliding fee scale patient portal patient satisfactionabout us who we are careers donate contact useventsnewsour services behavioral health pharmacy care coordination prevention and wellness dental medical children and youth providers















 







 





































medical






we are a primary health care facility that provides comprehensive health care to the greater spokane community. our area of expertise is indian health, but we serve all people. medicaid, medicare, and most private insurances are accepted. you will not be charged your insurance co-pay if you provide proof of tribal enrollment/descendancy.







learn more



















dental






we provide comprehensive dental care for all people, from children to adults. we are equipped to treat fearful and anxious dental patients in a safe and comfortable space. we look forward to seeing you and your family for your dental care!







learn more





















behavioral health






we provide mental health and substance use treatment plans for all children. children who need help can access our providers who are trained and qualified to assist. we are ready and excited to help the children of this community! you will not be charged your insurance co-pay if you provide proof of tribal enrollment/descendancy.







learn more



















prevention & wellness






we provide diabetes management, chronic care, and nutrition, women, men, and child health programs to our patients.
we offer a variety of activities throughout the year for the entire family: mentoring and leadership, culture, prevention, fitness and nutrition classes to promote wellness mind, body, and spirit in the community.







learn more












pharmacy






we have a full service pharmacy exclusive to our patients. you may be able to see your provider and get your prescriptions filled in the same visit.







learn about our pharmacy










sliding fee scale






our sliding fee program is an option to provide affordable care assistance to pay for medical services for those who may be uninsured, underinsured, and even insured.







learn more or apply now












our mission is to provide services that promote wellness and balance of mind, body, and spirit for individuals, staff, families, and communities. we offer "sacred hospitality" to all people seeking services at the native project.























patient portal









for patients 18 years and older, your online door to your provider's office is now available. we are using myhealthrecord.com so you can see your medical records anytime, anywhere, manage your office appointments, talk privately to your provider, and receive the best care possible.







join now!












the native project is designated as a federally qualified health center (*fqhc) and urban indian health clinic. we are a primary health care facility that provides comprehensive care to the greater spokane community. you will not be charged your insurance co-pay if you provide proof of tribal enrollment or descendency.











clinic news & events









healthy heart powwow
february 14 @ 5:00 pm - 10:00 pm

read more...





closed – in service training
february 17 @ 8:00 am - 5:00 pm

read more...





behavioral health awakening wellness group
february 6 @ 1:30 pm - april 17 @ 3:00 pm

read more...













clinic information








monday - friday
8:00 am - 5:00 pm*
doors open at 8:00 a.m.
phones are turned on at 8:15 a.m.
saturday and sunday
closed
pharmacy
monday - friday
9:00 am - 5:00 pm *
*closed 12:00 pm - 12:55 pm









to make a medical appointment
call 509-483-7535
to make a behavioral health appointment
call 509-325-5502
for pharmacy requests or questions
call 509-483-4797
during a medical emergency, dial 9-1-1.














“this place always goes above and beyond to help me in many different ways.”




















homefor patientsour serviceseventsnewsabout uscareerscontact us











donate

















 




















































copyright ©2021, the native project. all rights reserved.









a vexing media creation









 










