







phuket thailand kayak adventure tours sea canoeing phuket self paddle kayaking


























  


 small group adventures since 1999






search javascript kit:





 google:
      
        yahoo:
      
        msn:
      












phuket thailand kayaking tours and sea canoeing trips
paddle asia specializes in intimate small group and private guided phang nga bay kayaking tours. 
			our mission is to offer you something completely different from what other phuket tour operators offer. we only run small group tours! most tours are two to four guests and our maximum is eight.
  

check out our rave reviews on trip advisor.
photos on our facebook page are updated on regular basis.
 

  our self-paddling kayak tours are designed for first-time paddlers and novice travelers. children are more than welcome!  experienced paddlers are, of course, also very welcome. 

paddle asia uses traditional sit-inside kayaks (both single and two-person kayaks) instead of sit-on-tops or inflatables canoes.
sit-inside kayaks are perfectly suitable for first-timers and beginners. they are more stable, more comfortable, and more efficient than sit-on-top kayaks.



self paddle kayaking tours
 
one of our most popular tours is our unique phang nga bay kayaking day trip 
			it is different from all tour operators. 
			we offer kayaking and camping trips in phang nga bay. 					
			we also offer a two-day and a three-day solo traveler kayaking tour in phang nga bay. 
			this includes a bungalow in the village.
 
 these tours offer stunning limestone karst cliff topography and breathtaking scenery.


 
being highly certified through many international safety organizations, paddle asia is one of the most safety-conscious tour companies in thailand.

 "dave williams is a sort of paddling encyclopaedia for southern thailand."
action asia magazine may/june 2009

  
mountain biking day trip on koh yao noi
   
our koh yao noi mountain biking day trip is a wonderful way to experience this culturally intact island in a healthy, low-impact manner. 
		    
educational programs for international schools
paddle asia's offers educational school programs.
we have being operating school group student study tours, both the duke of edinburgh trips and other award schemes, since 2003.
 
accommodations 
you will stay in locally-owned bungalows or guesthouses on our trips.
to read more about the bungalows and accommodations, see our bungalows page.

paddle asia is 100% thai owned and operated. dave (the now semi-retired founder) only does the marketing. mr. run is in charge of all operations.
     


 safety and first aid certification
view certifications. paddle asia guides are emergency first response certified in cpr, first aid, and life guard training.












 our sister site:   
   
  
 
 
 




 18/58 thanon rasdanusorn, t, rasada, ban kuku, phuket town
                          note: we don't offer walk-in bookings
 tel numbers for emergencies, not bookings: 
 dave's mobile (english): 081 8936558 
						  whatsapp: +66818936558
                          moo's mobile (thai): 081 7974855
                          for bookings, contact us.


 tourism authority of thailand license number 34/00224
                        proof of insurance 












 copyright â© 1999-2025 paddle asia co., ltd. all rights reserved.
 




     

