




 




private & custom china tours, china travel agency






toggle navigation
menufind a tour
china tours
group travel student tours
mice travel
destinations great wall of china
beijing
xi'an
shanghai
guilin & yangshuo
chengdu
suzhou
hangzhou
all destinations
virtual tours
bloglet's plan your trip


languageenglishfrançaisespañoldeutsch

















                            english                            


english
français
español
deutsch




                            search                            





















find a tour
china tours
student tours
mice travel
destinations
virtual tours
blog



let's plan your trip


the china guidea beijing-based, foreign-owned travel agency.












enjoy your adventure, leave the hassles to a china expert






 







×









        the china guide is a beijing-based travel agency that customizes private tours, educational student tours, and incentive trips in china. we have more than fifteen years of experience crafting vacation packages for tens of thousands of travelers from the united states, canada, australia, the united kingdom, germany, france, spain, and beyond. our mission is to tailor the most authentic and hassle-free china tours that reflect each client's interests and preferences.    




精
expertise
with over fifteen years of trip planning experience for a wide range of travelers, we are china experts


诚
honesty
no hidden costs, commissions, or tourist traps — we are a business you can trust




灵
flexibility
all itineraries are customizable and can be adjusted even while on tour to reflect your travel preferences


细
service
our award-winning service will ensure you a hassle-free trip and 24/7 care throughout your tour






let's plan your trip






					most popular china tours			   	








golden triangle of china




9 days			            
			            
beijing-xian-shanghai tour


		                why do we call beijing, xi'an, and shanghai "the golden triangle?" the answer is simple: if you can only visit three chinese...	                



								view trip							








beijing in 48 hours




2 days			            
			            
beijing tour


		                two days in beijing might not seem like very long, but it's just enough to tick off a few of the chinese capital's must-see...	                



								view trip							








tale of two cities




5 days			            
			            
beijing-shanghai tour


		                china is a land of contrasts, and no two cities encapsulate the country’s fascinating combination of old and new better...	                



								view trip							








beijing and the great wall in one day




1 day			            
			            
beijing tour


		                so, you only have one day in beijing and are worried about having enough time to see the best sights? get ready for what...	                



								view trip							








the classic china tour




13 days			            
			            
beijing-xian-guilin/yangshuo-shanghai...


		                want to go to china, but don't know where to start? this tour package is the one for you. covering five incredible destinatio...	                



								view trip							








beijing in 72 hours




3 days			            
			            
beijing tour


		                there is no better way to immerse yourself in the history and culture of china's capital in a short amount of time than b...	                



								view trip							













						more itineraries					









						what our clients are saying				   	





right from our initial inquiry, to the outstanding communication with sarah, to local guides who met us at the train stations and airports we were in good hands with the staff at the china guide. our family of 7 canadians spent 3 weeks traveling through china and i can't emphasize enough how we appreciated their support from start to finish. don't hesitate and let the china guide work with you to plan an itinerary that is perfect for you.
don w on tripadvisor





first time bring my kids to china, a home which i left over 28 years ago. my american friend recommended this company to me and they did an fantastic job for our 13 days trip in china. erick from beijing are so knowledgeable and arranged the trip perfectly according to the weather and activities. betty from xian covered all of our activities with very relaxing feeling even though we only have 24 hours in xian. this is a totally worry free luxury trip, and gave my kids a great impression on their mommy's homeland. we will definitely use this company again to arrange our next trip to china.
j w on tripadvisor





i've been blessed to travel around the world, and am happy to say that the china guide is one of the most professional and organized tour companies that i've worked with.
john shors, bestselling author of unbound








					top destinations			   	









tibet/lhasa



guilin & yangshuo



zhangjiajie



shanghai



xi'an



beijing



great wall of china



chengdu







as china's most famous attraction, the great wall of china is an essential stop on all china tours. commonly considered a wonder of the world, the great wall boasts a history of over 2,000 years and stretches more than 3,000 miles across several provinces of northern china, making it one of the most impressive ancient structures on the planet.

virtual tour of the great wall of china


want to visit the great wall of china...                    read more





beijing is an enormous municipality abundant in history, culture, beautiful landscapes, and fine cuisine. one of the oldest and largest cities in the world, beijing boasts a fascinating mixture of old and new, from ancient imperial palaces to modern skyscrapers, providing one-of-a-kind insight into chinese culture and daily life that you can't get anywhere else.
as the cultural and political capital of the country, beijing is...                    read more





once the beginning and end point of the silk road, xi'an was china's first imperial capital, serving as the center of government throughout several of the most important dynasties in chinese history, including the famous qin, western han, and tang dynasties. xi'an's fantastically rich culture and history have made it one of the most popular tourist destinations in china; in fact, according to our 2019 study on the preferences of...                    read more





as china’s most populous city, and one of the largest in the world, shanghai is alive with an energy quite unlike any other municipality in the middle kingdom.
home to the world’s second tallest building, shanghai's futuristic skyline is instantly recognizable. however, it is not only the innovative infrastructure that makes the city such a unique destination; shanghai’s undeniably turbulent history has also left its mark...                    read more





thanks to the memerizingly beautiful karst mountains that surround them, guilin and yangshuo have long inspired chinese artists and travelers alike. apart from their picture-perfect scenery, guilin and yangshuo are also home to a variety of unique ethnic minorities, including the zhuang, yao, and miao, offering travelers the opportunity to experience the colorful ethnic culture of this area while enjoying its amazing landscapes...                    read more





located in the heart of sichuan province, chengdu is home to one of china's—and the world's—best-loved mammals: the giant panda. apart from being the best place in china to see and interact with pandas, chengdu is also a cultural melting pot. influenced throughout its long history by tibetan and mongolian cultures, chengdu's intriguing past has left its mark on the city's food and culture, and is evidenced in its many temples...                    read more





home to china's first national forest park, the wulingyuan scenic and historic interest area, zhangjiajie boasts some of the most spectacular natural sceneries in china, made up of over 3,000 pillar-like mountains. these jaw-dropping mountains are covered with dense vegetation and are known internationally as the inspiration for the "floating mountains" seen in the film avatar. because of its stunning landscapes, zhangjiajie's...                    read more





when people think about the highest region on earth, they imagine the snowy himalayas and buddhist monks dressed in bright robes. and while tibet may sound to some like an incredibly remote region, those who are fortunate enough to visit it may find that the images they have of tibet are quite right, with snow caps atop the towering himalayan peaks and buddhism still an important life part for many tibetans. tibet is indeed an...                    read more






						other destinations						









					most read blogs			   	









how to visit china without a visa 






want to visit china but don't want to go through the hassle of applying for a chinese visa? here are several common ways you might be able to tour china visa-free:
visa-free entry for specific nationalities
until december 31, 2025, citizens of the following 38 countries and territories are able to enjoy a 30-day visa-free stay for tourism, business, cultural exchange, family visits, or transit purpos...








		                	report: choices of travelers to china		            	



		                	10 best tours for first-time travelers to china		            	



		                	using your cell phone and the internet while traveling in china		            	



		                	cash or credit card? how to pay for things in china		            	



		                	safety tips for travelers to china		            	



		                	traveling in china as a wheelchair user		            	



		                	best and worst time to travel to china		            	




more blogs








						where we're featured				   	































follow us on social media









email us your plan




the company

who we are
meet our team
our guides
drivers and vehicles
contact us
terms of service
faq




china tours

popular tours
family vacation
chinese culture
adventure
gourmet
romantic
china at a glance




payment options








security









copyright © 2008 - 2025 the china guide



top








