












home






























          


  


              get in touch










       


     555-555-5555


  mymail@mailservice.com





  





     

 










      

 410.268.8101sales@electronicmarine.com

     









 



      410-268-8101sales@electronicmarine.com
 

     







       home



  about



  services



  online store



  contact us



  blog











       

  welcome to electronic  marine annapolis
  410.268.8101
sales@electronicmarine.com
     





 



       75+


  years in business

20+ years under same owner



    30+


  manufactures

including b&g, raymarine & garmin



    20+


  products on dispay

including plotters, stereos & instruments




 



     


"electronic marine in annapolis did a fabulous job refitting the electronics on our boat.  they sat down with us on the boat and made suggestions as we designed the new system that not only fit the boat but our budget as well.  they have a great crew that did a clean, professional installation.  phil came back and provided no charge training and checkout of the new toys." 
 toni r.
google review
 maryland
   


"visited electronic marine annapolis for boat navigation chart plotter selection, recommendation and installation. carries raymarine, garmin and simrad. phil mitchell is very knowledgeable and  does excellent installations." 
 james w.
google review
 annapolis
   


"had to upgrade chart plotter and depth sounder on my older boat. i could not choose between garmin, raymarine, or simrad. phil mitchell at electronic marine annapolis, explained the differences and helped me choose. 
 jim a.

yelp review
 pasadena, md


     


"just got back from nj and my first stop was the boat. could not be happier. everything we talked about is working and they left the boat in better shape than when they got there. could not ask for more. thank you" - september, 2023  tim c.
e-mail review
 maryland


     © 2025 
all rights reserved | electronic marine annapolis









     















































































































  
  share by:








