







mimbres fever productions celebrates native american artwork and culture through documentary filmmaking. – documentaries honoring native american art & culture






























 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentwelcome to mimbres fever productionsdocumentaries honoring native american art & culturehome
our documentaries

short form documentaries – watch now

bartow: the work speaks itself
before the flood: recording petroglyphs along the columbian river
pat courtney gold: wasco basketweaver
ulli steltzer: a people photographer


full length documentaries

baskets of the northwest people
faithful to continuance
keeping the spirit alive
northwest native basketweavers
spirit in glass: plateau native beadwork
a treasury of california baskets
witness – a story of american trade blankets




mission
contact
buy






















mimbres fever productions is pleased to announce
witness
a story of american trade blankets


























watch the trailer


















the arrival of traders along the coasts of north america began the introduction of goods that would find their way into every community.
for better or worse, they would share the events that shaped our lives together.
of the goods, none is more personal than a blanket.











mimbres fever productions is pleased to announce
bartow: the work speaks itself
~ chosen for screening ~
indianer inuit: das nordamerika filmfestival (7)
in stuttgart, germany
january 18 - 21, 2018







watch it now


































a warm tribute to artist / musician rick bartow who died in april, 2016,
told through his work and songs and the words of those closest to him.
much is known and documented about rick bartow the artist, but little has been told
about rick at home, and the life that made his work possible.

































mimbres fever productions presents
before the flood: 
recording petroglyphs along the columbian river







watch it now








































in the 1850s, the native people of the mid-columbia river region were
removed from their homelands.
a century later dams built in the area began to threaten much of the 12,000 year history
that was carved in stone along the river banks.
james and annie hansen, james and maury haseltine and dr. carl heller set about copying
as a way of preserving many of the historic petroglyphs in the region. this is their story.

































mimbres fever productions and vision maker media
proudly announce
spirit in glass: plateau native beadwork
~ winner ~
aifi: best documentary short
native american film festival of the southeast: best editing
watch it on your local pbs station.







visit website








































spirit in glass celebrates the spectacular beadwork of the northwest plateau people.
the film provides a rare opportunity to experience plateau culture through the eyes and hearts of artists, who share their history, motivation, and the beadwork that plays an important role in binding their culture together.









we welcome comments, questions and orders.





copyright © 2025 · mimbres fever productionswebsite design by:  the intangibles production team









