    benedictine living | senior care & living communities               

skip to content

benedictine

where to beginhaving the conversationsenior living mythsaffordability of senior livingnavigating the transitionchoosing a senior care communitybenedictine experienceamenitiesdining experiencelife enrichmenttransportationcomfort & safetyclean environmentspiritual carepetscommunity storiesliving & careliving optionsindependent livingassisted livingskilled nursingmemory carebasic carecare servicesrehabilitationrespite careadult day serviceshome carehospice and palliative careaboutmission and visioncore valuesleadership teamannual reportlocationscareersnewscontactstrategic partnerships search benedictine livingdonate

menu



    find a location



return to




living fully, living well.
at benedictine, we believe that everyone deserves to live fully and live well. experience the warmth of a senior living community where personalized care, well-being and life enrichment are at the heart of everything we do. live life with purpose here.

learn more          find benedictine living community near youfind a communityhow may we serve you & yours?
 living optionsbenedictine is dedicated to empowering seniors to live to their highest potential for a healthy, happy, active life. our array of living options are designed to empower residents to choose a lifestyle that balances personal freedom and independence with security and peace of mind. live the life you desire here.

living options        
 therapy & care servicesour mission is to provide life-enhancing care and support for seniors to help them live fully and live well. to accomplish this, we offer a range of senior health care services on our campuses, in our therapy centers and at other locations – even in your home. we know that your well-being depends on this, and we are here to care for you every step of the way.

learn more        not sure where to start?get the guideour whylearn moreinspired to believe in the goodness of peoplewe all hope to find senior living communities and senior health care that recognize each person’s worthiness of care and support. at benedictine, we provide exactly that. we are proud to be an inclusive, faith-based, nonprofit organization that carries forward a tradition of humble service — respecting the dignity and value of those who serve and the recipients of that service.whether you reside in the faith-based senior housing of a benedictine living community or receive senior health care services in your current home, we offer the spaces and choices to instill a sense of safety, comfort, and optimism. empowering you to live, grow and find purpose at every stage of life is a part of our everyday mission.there’s power in community. those who make their home within the benedictine family know this firsthand. learn more about how we keep the best interests of our residents at heart through all of life’s ups and downs.hospitalitycaring for others as if they were jesus christ himself is a benedictine tradition based in the gospel and the rule of st. benedict, “jesus said, ‘…anything you did for even the least of my people…you also did for me.'” at benedictine, we are committed to serving others as if we were serving jesus himself – extending the unconditional love of christ to all.stewardshipfounded by the benedictine sisters of st. scholastica monastery, duluth, benedictine communities offer compassionate care to people from all walks of faith. you will find belonging here.justicethe fruits of our work are enhanced wellness and purpose for our residents. we care for your whole self — body, mind and soul.respectwe create a welcoming environment where your unique needs are respected. our staff strives to honor and support each individual, listening to them with the “ear of their heart.” together, we resonate in the joy of uncovering new passions and continue in the pursuit of lifelong talents.
  residents love our community
view all storiesthey very best in retirement living! wonderful atmosphere-numerous activities for all. meals suited for all regardless of background and taste. most significant is a staff that is professional, knowledgeable, courteous, and dedicated to the residents they serve.
bob milano
villa st. benedict resident 

there isn’t a person here that i don’t like. i think it’s a great place and they all treat me very well. i feel like i am around family here, they treat me like family. you can’t ask for anything better than that.
delores
ada resident 

one of ours sons checked this place among other places and found it to be the one like the best and suggested it to us. it’s comfortable, the people are wonderful and the people here they’re very helpful, always answering our questions. what more does one want?
dorothy & vernon
cerenity marian residents

we went to a couple places and looked and we took my son and his wife with us to a couple of them and they all agreed this was the best one. i thought it looked like a beautiful hotel.
joann & tom
nazareth resident 

recent newsstay in the know with the latest news from around benedictine.
view all

 

february 14, 2025                    | blog                               benedictine living community-st. joseph                  

why independent living is the best decision for active seniors in st. joseph          let’s be real—there’s a huge difference between getting older and actually living. if you’re…

read more


 

february 10, 2025                    | corporate                            

prayer          the following prayer is offered in honor of the feast of st. scholastica:holy spirit of wisdom and…

read more


 

february 5, 2025                    | blog                               cerenity – marian                  

why social connection matters for seniors          staying socially engaged isn’t just fun—it’s essential for health. research shows that seniors…

read more


 

february 5, 2025                    | blog                               benedictine living community-at the shrine                  

why spring is the best time to explore senior living in belleville, il          are you thinking about senior living? spring is the season of new beginnings—the flowers are blooming…

read more












join our teamwe’re hiring


benedictine

menuliving optionsindependent livingassisted livingmemory careskilled nursingbasic carecare servicesrehabilitationrespite carehome healthadult day serviceslocationsillinoisminnesotamissourinorth dakotawisconsinadditional linkscontactabout uswhere to beginnewsprayerscompliance programsfollow usfacebook linkedin x careersdonateaccessibility statementprivacy policycompliance programseeo/aa/vet friendly employerfor associates


©2025 benedictine

close


search the site


go
where to beginhaving the conversationsenior living mythsaffordability of senior livingnavigating the transitionchoosing a senior care communitybenedictine experienceamenitiesdining experiencelife enrichmenttransportationcomfort & safetyclean environmentspiritual carepetscommunity storiesliving & careliving optionsindependent livingassisted livingskilled nursingmemory carebasic carecare servicesrehabilitationrespite careadult day serviceshome carehospice and palliative careaboutmission and visioncore valuesleadership teamannual reportlocationscareersnewscontactstrategic partnerships search benedictine livingdonate
search our site


go


close
this website uses cookies to improve your experience. if you continue to use this site, you agree with it. to learn more, see our privacy policy.

ok
get your guide  name(required)


first



last
email(required)
zip code(required)phone numbercaptcha send my free senior living guide 










    ×                           




