   grant writing usa | best grant writing workshops near me      
alumni resource center
customer service - 800.814.8191
private workshop booking
homeworkshopsfind a workshophost a workshopservicestestimonialsfaqabout usour teamcontact

homeworkshopsfind a workshophost a workshopservicestestimonialsfaqabout usour teamcontact
trusted grant writing and grant management training!we want you to walk away from our classes equipped to find the funding sources to match your agency’s needs, write successful grant proposals, and stay compliant while managing your grant after receiving funding.
find a workshop
our team is here to help you succeed!grant writing usa delivers training programs across america that dramatically enhance performance in the areas of grant writing, grant management, and grant maker research.our workshops will equip you to find the funder, write winning grant proposals, and manage your grants successfully. our trainers are smart, experienced, and empowering. our workshops have a twenty-five-year stellar reputation for offering outstanding workshops in both grant writing and grant management for beginner and experienced grants professionals.we have coached, trained, and consulted for nearly 40,000 top-rank organizations and more than 100,000 individual high achievers from every imaginable domain: city, county, and state government, sub-awardees, colleges, universities, k-12, not-for-profit organizations, and more. our 2-day workshops are high-impact, fluff-free, fast-paced, and a thoroughly enjoyable and valuable learning experience.
if you are serious about your desire to ‘de-mystify’ the grant writing process for yourself and others, this is the one shop where you must stop!”-jess c. | fire chief, utahif you are serious about your desire to ‘de-mystify’ the grant writing process for yourself and others, this is the one shop where you must stop!”-jess c. | fire chief, utahcompany overview:grant writing usa provides training programs for grant writing (finding grant funds and writing successful grant proposals) and grant management (managing grant funds).
over 25 years in business.
nationwide training workshops.
we host over 150 in-person events every year.
we have the top trainers in the industry.
in-person training events and zoom webinar events.
workshops apply to any organization that writes and receives grants.
private customized workshops are available.
we work with city, county, state, and federal government agencies, nonprofit organizations, emergency services, health organizations, public safety agencies, educators, and more.
find a workshopwhat do people say about us?“i have worked for the grantee, grantor, and sub-recipient. i am a grant writer, grants reviewer, and a grant manager. i have spent hours of my life reading, writing and re-writing narratives, summaries, and other components of grants. if only i had met you and attended the class when i began my career ten years ago! the class confirmed that i know a few tricks of the trade, taught me new and easier ways to process, and opened my eyes to many opportunities. thank you – it’s the best bang for the buck my employer could ever get!”carolyn l. | grant coordinator"i put off taking grant writing usa's course until it was presented in san diego. having taken several other courses in the interim, my recommendation to budding grant writers is to start out with this one, even if it's out of town. if you feel you need more training, take it again! if you're serious about writing grants, i can't think of a better use of your valuable time and money."jon l. | executive director"this training provides the information necessary for researching, writing, and submitting funding proposals to federal, state, corporate, or private foundation funders.  i recommend this training for the municipal, county, educational and non-profit officials who are considering or seeking grants to supplement their budgets during these times of economic belt tightening."stacey p. | deputy director
dozens more testimonials
stay connectedsubscribe to get information on upcoming workshops in your area.success!
name

email



subscribe




grant writing usawe are one of the most highly sought-after grant writing and grant management training companies in america.quick linkshomeabout usfind a workshopcontact ususeful linkstestimonialsfaqhost a workshopour trainersconnect with us
customer service - 800.814.8191
private workshop booking
$additional contact infowe are proud to be a members of:


we are proud to be a members of:


© 2025 grant writing usa, inc.privacy policythanks for sticking with us for 25 years!
we finally updated our website 😉
-becky, ceo


             



