


 




midway| otc


























 











    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    

















        skip to content    





drivingefficiencyforward®




search





search








search





1-800-837-6827
sign in/register

toggle nav




                        menu                    




shop   shop by brand  industrial finishing products   all finishing  spray guns  pumps  pressure tanks  filters  hose & fittings  booth & floor covering  accessories  industrial electrical & motor products  fluid power  bearings  pumps  automation  dispense products   all dispense  applicators  power transmission  compressed air piping  products & services   products  services  industries  industry news  contact us   request for quote  request for service  locations  emergency service  about us   who we are  otc news  our companies  events  career opportunities  careers   




                        account                    


 


























                    home                


midway
























 







midway is now otc! to streamline your ordering process and improve your customer experience we are redirecting you to otcindustrial.com
midway industrial supply specializes in supplying industrial companies with paint and powder application equipment and fluid management equipment, including fluid pumping, transferring, dispensing, and spraying equipment for paints, resins, adhesives, sealants, solvents, lubricants, inks, chemicals, foods and sanitary products.
 phone: 763-780-3000
fax: 763-780-9018
locations: 
4759 old highway 8mounds view, minnesota 55112contact midwayrequest for quote 
midway is now otc! learn how otc can help support your business.about otcservices



service and repair




an in-house service department with decades of experience allows midway to provide our customers with world-class repair, service, and support. our technicians are available for travel to your facility for on-site repairs and service.

we have a complete service department for spray gun repair, pump repair, equipment installations, fabrication, in-house component rebuilding, testing, and field service repairs. all service technicians are factory trained and midway stands behind every piece of equipment provided.

products we service and repair:

spray guns
pumps
proportioners
powder coating equipment
spray booths
finishing systems
ovens and air make-up units
metering and circulating systems
hot melt equipment
and many more …






installation 




midway industrial supply carries fluid handling equipment, related supplies, individual components, and complete engineered finishing systems that include spray booths, burn-off ovens, powder coating, liquid coating, and wood coating.

midway’s in-house engineering department designs and integrates components and complete finishing systems using cad capabilities. we then install and implement your equipment and systems so everything works seamlessly together from the get go 

 




consulting and training




midway industrial supply has the expertise and experience to analyze your paint finishing and fluid handling process and design the optimum solution to fit your needs – from the beginning of the production line until the product goes out the door.

as a full service provider, we offer in-house training to help our customers improve their finishing processes, like powder coating and liquid applications.

we can also teach your people how to inspect the quality of your products after the finishing process has been completed, and provide advice how to get the most out of your products and systems. these sessions are hands-on seminars usually conducted in our lab.

on-site maintenance and operator training is also available for the products we carry and the systems we install.






products  
pumps
midway has gained a reputation with our customers as the resource of choice when they are looking for pumps, diaphragm pumps, sanitary pumps, vacuum pumps, blowers, filters, strainers, mechanical seals & packing, and packaged fluid handling systems. our service center offers repairs in your facility or our state-of-the-art equipment repair facility.  
pressure tanks 
midway offers wide variety of pressure tanks. we carry excellent range of pressure tanks from graco. pressure pots are a crucial to achieving the right pressure before the paint reaches the spray gun. available in two to 15 gallons, with and without agitators, graco pressure pots are precision welded and surfaced. they also allow for different feed methods. order paint pressure pot liners for easy cleanup without a mess.
 request for quoterequest for quotespray guns
midway offers a wide variety of fine paint spray guns to our customers. we carry top spray gun brands such as bink and devilbliss. our products maintain epa compliance while producing superior finish performance.hose and fittings 
midway offers a variety of hose and fitting products such as sst hose fitting, sst straight fitting, nylon hose and tubing, fluoropolymer tubing and more. 
 request for quoterequest for quoteindustries



wood industry




industrial finishing is an important part of the wood products and furniture industry. appearance and protection of the wood surfaces is an important feature of the product. wood finishing is one of the last processes in the manufacture of furniture or cabinets and the first thing seen on the retail floor. midway can help you with all your wood finishing projects with our great vendors and expert sales people.

 



automotive oem




as an award-winning tier 1 supplier to top automotive manufacturers, we understand that the automotive industry is volatile to say the least. it’s good to know you can count on a tier 1 supplier to help you achieve your critical cost, quality and delivery goals. in addition to supplying the quality products, equipment and parts you need to manufacture your products, midway can help you keep your plant running and improve your business’ efficiency. we offer services and support designed to eliminate your downtime, reduce your on-hand inventory, control your costs and meet your energy reduction goals.




general industries




at midway, the broad range of products we supply, and support combined with the superior technical expertise and knowledge of our people, has allowed us to become an invaluable partner to companies in a wide range of industries. midway can provide the solution. whether your main concern is weathering exceptionally tough conditions or ensuring consistent and precise output, we have solutions to handle the demands of your industry. we’re a one-stop shop that can equip your plant with products and deliver service offerings ranging from reliable front-end project engineering support to responsive maintenance and repair, effectively minimizing unexpected downtime.




agriculture industry




midway provides the most comprehensive line of paint booths and finishing systems for the agricultural industries. offering high-quality, long-lasting solutions, midway is the preferred source of paint booths and finishing systems for large equipment and vehicles. our paint booths and finishing equipment allow businesses to produce a superior quality finish in the most efficient manner. in addition to a complete line of pre-engineered paint booths, we offer custom solutions to meet customers’ specific configuration and usability requirements. 




boat/rv industry




midway is a valuable source for your boat finishing needs. choose from standard catalogue paint booths to finish your yachts, barge, or any other type of vessel. paint booths are also an integral part of boat yards performing maintenance and repair of marine components.
marine original equipment manufactures often rely on midway's solution specific engineering and designs to powder coat or paint new vessel at the assembly plant. midway also offers: sanding, grinding, gelcoat, layup and cure ovens for the composite boat industry. rely on midway as your complete marine coatings equipment supplier.


 




contact midwayrequest for quote
otc news
our companies
industries served

we are otc
about otc
career opportunities
accessibility
employee portal
ethics & compliance 
self service
opt in for newsletters
check your order status
return information
shipping information
help
contact otc
800-837-6827
emergency service




terms of use
purchase order terms & conditions
terms & conditions of sale
rental terms & conditions
privacy notice
ada compliance
do not sell my information




 search engine powered by elasticsuite





