

zaxis-keith zellmer, drag boat racing, jet boat racing, boats, ihba, njba












welcome to


































the 2000 ihba pro 
	competition eliminator champion




























home |
      awards |
      team | picture gallery | 
		video
      |  links |  schedule






courtesy of jim 
		perry photography















				current mph & et records held




















					international hot boat association (ihba) records







ihba division 1 
				pro gas jet e.t. record holder at 7.81 seconds

ihba division 1 
				pro gas jet mph record holder at 133.08 mph

ihba division 2 
				pro gas jet mph record holder at 133.08 mph























			national jet boat association (njba) records







njba pro gas jet 
					e.t. record holder at 7.72 seconds

njba pro gas jet 
					mph record holder at 133.67 mph





1.
          1999 race season                  
          2. 2000 race season





			this 
			site is dedicated to our pro gas jet drag boat program, which 
			started in the spring of 1999. in the 1998 season we won the njba 
			high points championship for the 11 second bracket using my 1986 
			eliminator daytona ski boat with a 10-1 compression 498" chevrolet 
			motor in it. it ran consistent low 11 second quarter mile et's at 
			around 95 mph. we sometimes ran it in the unblown fuel jet class for 
			fun, so we could turn on the nos bottle. in that class we ran a best 
			of 9.47 et and 115 mph.

1999 race season

			in 
			1999 we stepped up to the pro gas jet class with a new lightweight 
			carbon fiber 19' eliminator daytona hull. i bought tony scarlotta's 
			record setting pro gas flat 500" chevrolet/pontiac motor and put it 
			in this new boat. we set a new ihba mph (130) and et (8.34) records 
			at the nitro nationals in red bluff, ca. we are running in the pro 
			comp eliminator class in the ihba. we finished 3rd in the nation in 
			the points standings in the 1999 season. in pce class, different 
			types and classes of boats race each other on a handicapped starting 
			system. in other words, a slower class of boat will get a head start 
			on a faster type of boat. the national record for the type of boat 
			you are running is used as your index. in order to be competitive, 
			you need to be able to run near or on the national record.

			we 
			also competed in njba (national jet boat association) races held at 
			lake ming in bakersfield, ca during the 1999 season. the njba didn't 
			have any other pro gas jet's competing in the 1999 season so we 
			stepped up to the unblown fuel jet class where we raced other jet 
			boats that can run motors as big as 670" on alcohol, nitromethane or 
			nitrous oxide. we are running a 500" motor on race gas only (in 
			order to be legal for the pro gas jet class). but we were still 
			competitive; finishing in 3rd place in the unblown fuel 
			jet class points standings for the 1999 season.

back to top


2000 race season

			for 
			the 2000 race season, we installed a new steve schmidt 500" 
			olds/drce pro stock motor. this new motor now makes over 1250 
			horsepower and our 500" pontiac motor is now for sale. we also 
			installed a new racepak on board data acquisition system last winter 
			and now that jim lee, data acquisition geek (dag) has added 
			additional features to the program, the information it gives us is 
			remarkable. we had a great 2000 race season and will be back again 
			for the 2001 season (at least for ihba events). we are seeking 
			additional sponsorship so that we can also compete in the njba 
			events as well. the 2000 drag boat racing season is over and we have 
			a couple of months to regroup and get ready for next year. in 2000, 
			we set new pro gas jet et and mph records in the njba as well as the 
			ihba. we won the points championship battle in the ihba pce class 
			and came in runner up in point's chase in the njba unblown fuel jet 
			class. we ran a best e.t. of 7.73 at the njba season opener in march 
			2000 and made several 133 mph plus runs over the season. we think we 
			have the potential to run in the mid 7 second range at around 135 
			mph once we get the hardware set up dialed in. our team currently 
			holds both the e.t. and mph records in the ihba in division 1 and 
			division 2. we also hold the e.t. and mph record for pro gas jet in 
			the njba. it is going to be hard to top that for next season but we 
			will give it a try.


			special thanks go out to the 
			following people, for without them i would not have been able put 
			this program together.

			jeff bennett, of jeff bennett engineering, redesigned the bottom 
			and installed the new mpd intake. in addition, jeff is a great 
			consultant and the best data analytical man in the business. jeff 
			also makes our hardware setup decisions.

			jack mcclure, owner of marine performance designs in costa mesa, 
			ca., fabricated the new mpd intake; race prepped the new impeller, 
			and fabricated all of the related jet pump hardware for the 2000 
			race season.

			dave ebbert, owner of dne motorsports development, rebuilt the 
			schmidt power plant during mid season with new rods, valves and 
			springs and keeps it operating at maximum performance. dave will 
			also refreshen it again for the beginning of the 2001 season.

			bob prigmore assists dave with motor maintenance and set up 
			between rounds, as well as assisting jim lee with hardware changes. 
			bob is also responsible for getting the boat to the ramp, in the 
			water, and out again after each run. bob fills in for dave at any 
			race that dave is unable to attend.

jim lee video's each run and then 
			downloads the data from the on board data acquisition system after 
			each run. he also is the primary person responsible for taking 
			hardware set up measurements and changing the hardware settings when 
			required. 

mike ciraolo (alias mikec) is the founding father of the 
			web site and bulletin board
          
			www.realjetboats.com. without this valuable resource i would not 
			have been able to link up with most of the full time and part time 
			members of the race boat team. in addition, mike baby sat "the biz" 
			at his home in phoenix last fall in between the first rained out 
			ihba world finals race and the rescheduled race two weeks later. 
			this saved me a lot of work and time, in not having to tow the boat 
			back to the bay area between these two races. 

greg shoemaker, founder of gs 
			marine located in corona, ca saved the day when he allowed us to use 
			his facility to flip the boat over so jeff could reshape the keel 
			angle. greg has a ton of seat time in eliminator daytona race boats 
			and was kind enough also to share some driving thoughts with me that 
			resulted in improved reaction times. greg is now building my new 
			high performance lake boat that will replace the old 19' daytona. he 
			should have it completed this spring.

aijaz balkhi at  it 
			solutions & services network [ 
			itssn ]is our team webmaster and developer of this web site. he 
			has worked very late nights and almost every weekend in order to get 
			this website up and running in a very short order. thank you, aijaz.


jim hall, walter & mary jones, chad carlson, shayne carlson, 
			kathleen hubbard and
           russ zellmer help me with getting the boat in and out of the 
			water, as well as helping out in the pit giving a hand wherever 
			needed. thank you to all of the above crewmembers. 

          i hope to see you at some or all of the races.  keith zellmer 

			kz@zaxisracing.com
 




              top


copyright © 2001-2008 
			zaxis racing. all rights reserved.
          designed & maintained by itssn.











last updated:
february 06, 2008


