

gene ludwig











gene ludwig
 

 








































 







 welcome to my home on the web - gene 
            ludwig

gene ludwig passed away on wednesday july 14, 2010. 
                he was the love of my life - pattye ludwig



             "this trio, which existed for only two years, would later appear on 
             sonny stitt’s 1969 prestige album, “night letter” (recorded on october 27
             at rudy van gelder’s studio in englewood cliffs, new jersey) it marked the
             last time that ludwig, martino and gelispie would ever play together and
             remained the only document of their ferociously swinging chemistry together 
             for 44 years, until the unearthing of this live gem from the 118 club. 
             for guitar aficionados and fans of real-deal organ groups, it is the 
             archaeological equivalent of discovering king tut’s tomb."
             - bill milkowski - from the liner notes to new cd "young guns"

             "gene ludwig was one of the true journeyman/warriors of jazz. he mastered the
             hammond b3 organ and spent his life in jazz as one of its finest purveyors. 
             gene was an honest, sincere, loyal and above all, humble gentleman. he was one
             of the greatest living examples of how to remain true to this music and do it 
             with total integrity. in addition to his many wonderful qualities, gene possessed
             an undying love and respect for the african-american culture from which jazz comes.
             this was evident in his earliest recordings and remained so for the rest of his
             life and career.

             gene ludwig is one of the giants of this music and he will be greatly missed"
             - thomas wendt - jazz drummer to gene ludwig for 15 years
 
             "on his own gigs, he was something to hear. he could lift an audience
             in the same way that other masters like jack mcduff, jimmy mcgriff or 
            jimmy smith could. whether it was a funky blues or the hippest standard, 
            gene delivered. when i heard that he was undertaking a cole porter project,
            i was pleased because i knew the material would bring out his best. 
            if you want to hear what gene was all about, just listen to the groove
            he sets on “i love you”. that’s all you need to know."
           - bob porter – record producer and jazz & blues historian

              "tradition, the handing down of customs, beliefs and stories 
              from generation to generation, runs especially strong among jazz 
              organists. they are a select crew, after all, piloting jazz' spruce 
              goose, the technically marvelous hammond b-3 organ, through the 
              turbulence of time and popular taste. it's no easy feat, of course, 
              co-ordinating hands and feet, keys and pedals with mind and spirit. 
              it's no secret either that, when done right, the hammond beast soars 
              like nothing else. its twists and turns, jives and grooves, speak, 
              communicate and resonate with you. academics call this "soul-jazz." 
              fans call it good music. gene ludwig calls it a career, a life's 
              work. playing organ since 1958, ludwig's craft is an ongoing admiration 
              of masters who came before, of traditions, of truth. explaining 
              it with words gets academic and dry. we'll let gene explain it, 
              let him take us on the ride."
              - germein linares, managing editor, all about jazz
excerpt from a review of "hands on" in the philadelphia inquirer aug. 28, 2005.....
              "the pittsburgh-based gene ludwig, who played philly's zanzibar blue
              this month, remains a formidable cat of the stun-and-gun jazz organ school. 
              whether it's slinky grooves or moments of pure takeoff, ludwig and his 
              quartet are proficient at this nasty and necessary art." - 
              karl stark 
"as always, gene ludwig's playing is as powerful as you can 
              get! ...my own personal feelings about ludwig as a major player 
              go as far back as the early 1960's when we co-led a great organ trio 
              including randy gelispie on drums. on soul serenade, his 
              playing is stronger than ever and keeps on growing!" - pat 
              martino 
"gene always plays the organ like it's supposed 
              to be played.. he's a fine player and does it the correct way! - 
               dr. lonnie smith 
"gene's hung in there like the rest of us have. 
              he's a very good player, a good-hearted guy, and the man can play!" 
              - jimmy mcgriff 
"we've been playing together for years and years... 
              a nice fella and he's a good musician!" - jack 
              mcduff 




click here to purchase
young guns - gene ludwig & pat martino trio

 


 
home | bio | calendar | music | press | guestbook | photos
 videos | contact | obituary | endorsements
  

you are listening to a clip of "who can i turn to" from the release "young guns" (february 25, 2014)



©gene ludwig 2014
website
                      design by holmes, ink





 
 
  



























