







webhealth















































 

   home
therapies overview
self-help
a-z of health
case studies
know yourself!
   





welcome to webhealth


webhealth’s aim is to provide a valuable gateway to complementary health online, based on our experience in the real world.
we have a wonderful list of contributors, who have provided case histories, information and help. please feel free to contact us if you have an interesting case you wish to share, either from a patients or practitioners perspective.
we are sorry that we are unable to answer specific health problems you may have.
nothing is perfect, but we try: webhealth is a massive site with 1,000’s of pages so if you find an error, links not working, or anything that needs sorting,  just drop us an email and we will sort it asap.
many thanks for dropping by,
nicholas haines

webhealth best health product of the year: laminine from lifepharm
what is laminine®?
laminine®, a unique and patented formula containing:

22 amino acids
trace minerals
vitamins
fibroblast growth factor (fgf)

what is fibroblast growth factor-2?
fibroblast growth factor-2 is a substance that is abundant in the developing embryo. it is believed to act like an architect directing the growth and development of the new life.
in medicine, synthesized fibroblast growth factor-2 is used routinely. however, laminine is the only known source of this precious substance in a natural food source.
what can laminine do for you?
optimal nutrition for your body. laminine stimulates and gives your stem cells the nutrition to rebuild and rejuvenate themselves.
laminine helps regenerate ageing cells and nourish unhealthy cells, supporting restoration to their original state. your body has its own repair mechanism, the physical ability to regenerate your own damaged cells. this repair mechanism is alive and well when we were younger, but falters as we age. the fibroblast growth factor (fgf) in laminine unleashes this powerful repair mechanism inside all of us. it can bring physical, mental and emotional health to a new level.
regular use of laminine may help to:

elevate mood (increases serotonin levels)
decrease stress (lowers cortisol levels)
enhance memory
enhance brain function and activity
increase focus and alertness
stimulate natural dhea to reduce physical stress
increase physical, mental & emotional strength
improve stamina and energy
better sleep
quicker recovery after work out
increase muscle tone
down-regulate pain receptors in the body
increase libido
reduce signs of aging
develop a better overall sense of well-being


important: laminine is derived from eggs. if you have an egg allergy it is not recommended that you ingest laminine.




disclaimer: the intention of this website is to inform and educate only. it does not offer medical advice or diagnosis or endorse specific treatments. if you feel that you have a medical problem, seek the advice of your health care practitioner. statements and information regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated or approved by the food and drug administration and these materials and products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.





















<br>









     privacy policy
terms and conditions
xml sitemap
contact us
    

















>

	






















































































