









canadian association of home and property inspectors - canadian association of home & property inspectors 










































 








home site map contacts login 




							français						




 
  
 
  

















 click here to find a home inspector













toggle navigation









home national conference elearning home inspectors inspector standards home inspector training programs how to become a member educational webinar schedule value of membership affiliate product & service directory cahpi national exam licencing membership renewal credits - training cahpi store the home reference book technical library buyers & sellers why use a cahpi inspector find a cahpi inspector new home construction inspection find a new construction inspector (nci) related information homebuyer resources links industry why use a cahpi home inspector find a cahpi inspector new home construction inspection national certification about cahpi mission statement board of directors volunteer opportunities what's new news articles awards and recipients media centre community network contact us newsletter blog 























 
slide1choose a qualified cahpi inspectorone of the most important purchases that you will make in your life time is the purchase of a home.
this process involves many specialists, one of which is a home/property inspector.
slide2real estate industry professionalswhen it comes to referring home inspectors, it makes good business sense to seek out and recommend cahpi qualified professional home inspectors. 
home inspectorjoin cahpi today!become a cahpi qualified professional home inspector today.   submit your application form online.
cahpi national examthe cahpi national exam is available online 24/7 and is proctored by video (web cam).  results are emailed upon completion of the exam.  a practice exam can be written upto 5x prior to writing the cahpi national exam.
cahpi education elearning portalwelcome!
the elearning portal provides home inspectors across canada with the opportunity to learn from industry experts. there are various topics, from business to technical to industry issues of interest along with affiliate product & service demos!
we invite all inspectors to enroll in these courses for a nominal fee to earn annual continuing education credits.
celebrating 40thcelebrating 40 yearswe are proud and excited to be celebrating 40 years (1982 - 2022)
 



 




buyers & sellers 
home inspectors 
industry 





 



home inspectors - become a member

 increase business homebuyers are looking for qualified home inspectors everyday! cahpi inspectors are listed on the searchable find a home inspector database. multi city listings are available at no extra cost!
 peer network you are not alone! cahpi mentors, meeting groups, online forums provides you with the ongoing support you need.
 registered home inspectorearning your credentials commitment to higher industry standards. the examination process is provided by a neutral third party specializing in home inspector competency assessment.
 member discounts the affiliate product & service directory provides you with an opportunity to save hundreds of dollars on the products and services you need to run a successful business.
 2024 cahpi conferencejoin us sept 6 - 8 in halifax, nsregister today!

 
join cahpi today!




 











 find a home inspector






about cahpi
the canadian association of home & property inspectors (cahpi) is a national non-profit organization. cahpi is canada’s voice of the home inspection industry.
cahpi members are committeed to providing canadians with the highest level of consumer protection. the purchase of a home is the single largest investment most of us will make. this process requires the expert assistance of an experienced and qualified registered home inspector. you can be assured when you hire a member of cahpi to inspect your home, you are hiring a professional with proven ability, experience and impartiality.
cahpi membership qualifications include passing the national exam, completion of mentoring with peer evaluation and continuing education. members from across canada are recognized professionals earning the highest industry designations: national certificate holder and registered home inspector. additionally, members are inspecting to either the cahpi standards of practice or csa a770 home inspection standard and are adhering to the cahpi code of ethics.
read more









homenational conferenceelearninghome inspectorsbuyers & sellersindustrynational certificationabout cahpinewsletterblog





become a member 



© 2024 - canadian association of home & property inspectors (cahpi)
privacy statement: all rights reserved. cahpi, rhi, registered home inspectors (rhi), national certificate holder are trademarks of thecanadian association of home & property inspectors.  













		don't have an account yet?		register now!

×

sign in to your account

username *



password *




remember me



log in



forgot your username?

forgot your password?





 




