






infotechwriter
















 














home | technical writing - an introduction | technical communication - evolution | basic communication theory | resources - a bibliography | information science courses  | my articles | my profile | my blog | contact us | tcg copyright notice




























infotechwriter









technical communication - introduction technical
                                                               communication is a broad term which includes technical writing, instructional designing, graphics, website designing or any
                                                               form of communication which helps in communicating the technical information in a simpler way to the targeted user. this also
                                                               includes audio tapes, video films and micro clips. 
there are various definitions of technical communication,
                                                               but i would liek to define technical communication as:
"presenting the technical information in simplified
                                                               form for the targeted user."
the target user can be a technical specialist or a layperson.
                                                               you need to adjust the tone, style, and presentation accordingly.
there is a famous quote on communication which sums
                                                               up the meaning of communication, "don't walk in front of me, i may not follow; don't walk behind me, i may not lead; walk
                                                               beside me, and just be my friend." - albert camus.
technology and its communication walk hand-in-hand.
                                                               and no doubt, precision, quality, and usability is the motto! © suman lata malik. 




















send your feedback to infotechwriter@gmail.com






























copyright © suman lata malik, all rights reserved.















































  view my guestbook sign my guestbook 


.














