




	tripoli shriners | weddings & event venue





















































tripoli shriners






about


who are the shriners?


shriners hospital


how to become a member


officers


events


members - pay dues








organization


parade schedule


units - parade


units - non-parade


alliances


clubs








information


magazines


contact tripoli shriners











weddings & events






venue rental


weddings


quinceañeras


other events


meetings & conferences








venue information


gallery


about tripoli shrine center


get a tour


contact us











scimitar foundation






events


sportsman's night








information


about us


support us


contact scimitar foundation











feztival of trees


contact








  






 











register


|

login
























 

x

tripoli shrinersaboutwho are the shriners?shriners hospitalhow to become a memberofficerseventsmembers - pay duesorganizationparade scheduleunits - paradeunits - non-paradealliancesclubsinformationmagazinescontact tripoli shrinersweddings & eventsvenue rentalweddingsquinceañerasother eventsmeetings & conferencesvenue informationgalleryabout tripoli shrine centerget a tourcontact usscimitar foundationeventssportsman's nightinformationabout ussupport uscontact scimitar foundationfeztival of treescontact









 



 


 


register


|

login

 















                                   















 upcoming public events upcoming member events
current magazine










 


upcoming public events







-->




















welcome


 we are a fraternity based on fun, fellowship and the masonic principles of brotherly love, relief and truth. there are approximately 309,000 members from 195 shrine centers (chapters) in the united states, canada, germany, mexico, republic of panama, puerto rico and the philippines. we are men of good character who enjoy camaraderie while supporting 22 shrine hospitals for children. we participate in shrine and civic parades with our colorful uniforms, bands, clowns and many other units such as the motor corps.





what are our goals?



being the premier fraternal organization for men of good character.
providing attractive, quality programs and services for our members, their families and their friends in a spirit of fun, fellowship and social camaraderie.
fostering self-improvement through leadership, education, the perpetuation of moral values and community involvement.
serving mankind through the resources of its philanthropy, shriners hospitals for children.





how to become or to refer a member?



if you hold the title of master mason in freemasonry, you qualify and are invited to join the tripoli shriners! become a member of our fraternity.
want to refer a good man? visit just one website.
not a free mason? learn how to join masonry.





how can you help us?



we work to raise money to the shrine hospital. come help us to give love for the rescue.





who do we support?



our philanthropy revolves around giving time and donations to the shriners children's hospital. click the logo to learn more.







member quick links


























looking for a great place to host your event?
rent the tripoli shrine center
































we support the shriners hopital 
"the main goal of the shriners hospitals for children open is to raise awareness of the great medical care provided every day at shriners hospitals for children locations throughout north america and the work those hospitals do to help transform the lives of children with orthopaedic conditions, burns, cleft lip and palate and spinal cord injuries,” said adam sperling, executive director of the shriners hospitals for children open.


learn more
























donate to the shriners hospital

















watch and share some of the shriners hospital commercials: 




























































































































the tripoli shrine center sponsors




 
 
 


 
 
 









































































































































































address







tripoli shrine center

3000 w. wisconsin ave.
milwaukee, wi 53208

414-933-4700












follow us on instagram








  











follow us on facebook









  



tripoli shriners
tripoli shrine banquet center
scimitar foundation, inc
tripoli shrine circus














about the tripoli shriners







shriners international is a fraternity based on fun, fellowship and the masonic principles of brotherly love, relief and truth with nearly 200 temples (chapters) in several countries and thousands of clubs around the world. our fraternity is open to men of integrity from all walks of life.

















tripoli shriners happenings







tripoli shriners


























































home - tripoli shriners - banquet center - scimitar foundation - feztival of trees - circus - contact























powered by badgerland it services
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use




















