



german shepherds,miles river kennel, von barrenberg german





































german shepherd puppies, miles river training kennel, breeder of vonbarrenberg east german shepherds



















homelitters now,litters duelinda's femalesmales / stud dogscontact infoobedience and behaviortraining infofor sale/adoptddr german shepherdbrags!more brags!training tipsprogeny pictures 1progeny pictures 2progeny pictures 3progeny pictures 4progeny pictures 5informational linksretired dogsindependent repair services













east goes west !  von barrenberg east german shepherds has moved to meeker, colorado.
         rio blanco county

close to steamboat, grand  junction, denver airports, located in colorado 
linda's contact info is still the same, only location has changed, mrkennelddrdogs@aol.com, 
         txt at, 978-500-5150 

                         
                           first litter expected early spring of 2024

















































































































































 now located in colorado    german shepherd puppies for sale, east german shepherd puppies, east / slovak german shepherd puppies,
         contact linda at,  text 978-500-5150,  email  mrkennelddrdogs@aol.com      

breeder of von barrenberg
         german shepherds for 30 years in massachusetts  





 

von barrenberg german shepherd dogs, colorado
                     and bonnie, acted in hollywood movie  "blown away",  as bomb squad dogs, starring jeff bridges
                     and tommy lee jones,  filmed in boston, massachusetts.  bonnie was founder of
                     von barrenberg german shepherd dog breeding program, colorado was bonnies daughter

eli von barrenberg
 



von barrenberg german shepherds, bonnie and colorado, on set with jeff bridges
                     in hollywood movie, "blown away".






 bonnie sitting on $70.000 bomb retrieving robot, colorado waiting for instructions !





























bonnie and colorado on set with jeff bridges in hollywood movie, blown away


























colorado ,  bonnie ,bomb squad k-9 actors, with jeff bridges


































blown away, about boston bomb squad, bonnie and colorado were jeff bidges bomb squad dogs !
































           
                            a big thanks to all my customers over the past 30 years !            i want you all to know, it's been my pleasure to raise these
                     fantastic east german dogs and make so many people happy. i began this venture in my late 30's, i am now in my late 60's.
                     i spent the summer of 2022, closing the kennel, adopting out my beautiful girls and boys, to fantastic homes, all of whom
                     are great customers and friends, to whom i am truely grateful. many of you heard me mention colorado over the years, i finally
                     made the big move to be closer to my younger sister !  with the help of my good friend ,cathy seal, i did 2 breedings
                     of our great stock, and am raising a breeding pair out here, couldn't give it up completely, i would be lost ! i will continue
                     to update website on my progress in colorado and pics of young breeding pair as they grow. expecting to breed about a year
                     from now. again thankyou to all my fantastic customers, you can keep in touch still by same email and phone#.  linda
                     and 2 new von barrenberg breed stock, appropriately named, rip and dellabeth von barrenberg .  
                                 


 

























 30 year breeding program, reputation of health, structure and temperment 
von barrenberg german shepherds, ddr, east german shepherd blood crossed with small amount of old czech
         and slovac !!german shepherd puppies available, black and tan, sables,  occasionally solid
         black german shepherd puppies .located in ipswich, massachusetts, boston area,
         new england . close to salem, beverly, peabody, all northshore towns   new
         location, colorado !  

 breeding objective to produce family companions, personal
         assistance, working dogs

























































































































































































































 every von barenberg dog to this day, still has bonnie's blood in them.
                     at von barrenberg, you know what your getting !  

 bonnie on right, founder of breeding program, colorado on left bonnies daughter 




















colorado and bonnie, on right, founder of breeding program





helping to preserve the ddr (east german) dog, has
                     become a very important part of my life. i would like to share with you just how and why the ddr dog has won my heart.i have been rehabilitating and training dogs for 30 years. the first "problem dog" was sent to me when
                     i was 18. in 1987, i decided to look for a quality dog, one i could train and show for my own pleasure. the german shepherd
                     dog always had impressed me, so the search started. having a good eye for animals, i knew what i wanted, but quickly became
                     more and more discouraged with what i was finding. i didn't take long to knock the american show dog off the list, for to
                     me the physical structure and the character trait of lack of courage were not very appealing. i knew i wanted a dog with versatility-one
                     that could be trained in different areas, such as tdi (therapy dog international) and protection! the german-bred dogs were
                     the ones to look at, but still, something wasn't right. in some cases the drive was too high, even when we weren't working.
                     in addition, i still had a certain quality of bone structure and overall character traits that i was looking for.after a long search, i was beginning to think the dog i had pictured in my mind had been lost due to changes in breeding
                     programs over the years.then one night while reading the want ads, i came across an ad that caught my eye. it
                     was the first time i had heard a ddr shepherd dog ever mentioned. the father was a ddr sch iii, and the mother, a west german
                     sch i, farm-raised and bred for quality, companionship, and temperament. i will never forget the dark, rainy night i drove
                     out to western massachusetts to look at the dogs. my search was over! the adults had that unmistakably friendly eye as well
                     as the strong bone and head structure i had been looking for.this is where my beloved "bonnie" picked
                     me out. little did i know then how much she would change my life! she was her father's daughter in every way, a masculine
                     female with a sound temperament. she went on to teach me the characteristics so common to the ddr dog: an ideal companion
                     dog for inside the house, as well as a great traveling companion, excited about activities such as camping, mountain climbing,
                     etc.

although an extremely obedient and dedicated companion, i was
                     to learn over the years that performance obedience for showing was not easily achieved. i always told people, "she knows
                     there is no reason to walk circles in a ring!" after her c.d. (companion dog) which, with a lot of work, she scored in
                     the 190's, we stuck to things we could both enjoy! this included things like tdi, protection training, tracking, and even
                     some big hollywood movies!over the years i was fortunate enough to meet teri townsend, and together with
                     her fine ddr stock, including the late klokows lex, bonnie has produced outstanding sons, daughters, and grandchildren, with
                     high levels of quality ddr blood. they have made many parents and children very happy. they have also have become search and
                     rescue dogs, police dogs, and even sledding dogs!bonnie past away in 2001, people visit her family here regularly.
                     they always speak for themselves! even show breeders who have never heard of the ddr shepherd have come to visit, and leave
                     wanting one of the dogs for companionship!i strongly believe it would be a very sad day for the german shepherd
                     dog if the ddr blood is not preserved. i am extremely grateful that of all the dogs i have owned and trained, god brought
                     bonnie into my life, which opened my eyes to this unique ddr dog whose line i take great pride and pleasure in helping to
                     preserve!this story was written by linda in 2002. unfortunatly, bonnie is no longer with us. she
                     has however left us with a great line of ddr quality progeny.

 bonnie, colorado, elsa, dennie in sled with linda.  von barrenberg girls !! 
                     gunther taking linda for sled ride !! hannibal learning sled !!














































































 history
                     of the ddr dogthe ddr german shepherdthe historyin order to understand how
                     the ddr german shepherd came into existence, we have to go back to world war ii and understand a little of the history of
                     germany.in 1945, as
                     world war ii was coming to an end, the allies occupied berlin. the allied forces included the united states, france, great
                     britain and the soviet union. the war, of course, ended in a victory for the allies and the soviet union and the united states
                     subsequently emerged as the world’s superpowers.by 1941, the nazi germany, under hilter’s leadership had the upper hand, but the
                     tide turned in december 1941 with the bombing of pearl harbor. it was then that the united states joined the war and russia
                     turned to the allies for support. because of the invasion their country by germany, the soviets joined the allies, and by
                     late 1944, the united states and great britain were closing in on germany from the west, while the soviets were closing in
                     from the east. in may 1945, nazi germany collapsed when berlin was taken by soviet and polish forces. it is rumored that hitler
                     committed suicide when it seemed inevitable that the allies would win.by september 1945, the german reich (which lasted only 13 years) and its axis
                     partners (italy and japan) had been defeated. world war ii resulted in the destruction of germany’s political and economic
                     infrastructure and led directly to its division. in the immediate post-war years the german population lived on near starvation
                     levels, and the allied economic policy was one of de-industrialization in order to prevent any future german war-making capabilities.
                     the u.s. policy began to change at the end of 1946 and by mid 1947, truman started policies to help stabilize the economy
                     of germany.despite
                     being allies against the axis powers, the ussr and the united states disagreed about the configuration of the post-war world
                     while occupying most of europe. a large dispute arose over the boundaries. because of the different political beliefs between
                     these nations, relationships were strained and thus began the cold war. the soviet union decided to close its borders and
                     this eventually led to the division of germany into east and west.the three western occupation zones (u.s., uk, and french zone) would later form
                     the federal republic of germany, commonly known as west germany. and the soviet zone became the german democratic republic
                     (or deutsches demokratische republik), commonly known as east germany, both founded in 1949. west germany was established
                     as a federal democratic republic while east germany became a communist state under the influence of the soviet union. this
                     fact set the stage for the cold war which lasted for the next 46 years.one of the greatest impacts to the german shepherd
                     breed was, in fact, the onset of the cold war.the cold war resulted in 40 years of closed breeding (1949-1990).the concept of the
                     iron curtain symbolized the ideological and physical boundary dividing europe into two separate areas from the end of world
                     war ii in 1945 until the end of the cold war in 1991. during this period, these countries were virtually cut off from any
                     outside contact. the government made any and all decisions and this happen to include strictly regulating breeding kennels.the government controlled
                     the german shepherd pedigree registration and breeding program because they saw the ddr german shepherd as a military canine.
                     extremely rigid breeding guidelines were put into practice. agree with the standards or not, one cannot argue that it did
                     assure that for almost 40 years only the dogs who met strict criteria were allowed to breed. these standards included powerful,
                     deep chested bodies with straight long backs, intimidating presence and supreme intelligence. strict standards assured that
                     dogs showing signs of hip dysplasia were not used for breeding. any litter born was examined completely for teeth, ear set,
                     temperament, coat, etc. they examined them as if they were evaluating a piece of military equipment – did it meet military
                     standards?these standards
                     included specific working abilities for these dogs – such as, tracking, athleticism, toughness, climbing abilities,
                     hardiness, and the ability to withstand extreme physical conditions and demands. these strict regulations on the breed resulted
                     in the formation of the ddr shepherd — breeding lines within the border of the berlin wall that had no outside influence
                     and were held strictly to government standards. [ezcol_1half][/ezcol_1half] [ezcol_1half_end][/ezcol_1half_end]as
                     mentioned before, these government standards included tracking abilities, athleticism, toughness, survival abilities, etc.
                     other breeding criteria of ddr dogs stated that they could only be bred if they were completely free of hip dysplasia. unlike
                     west germany, dogs that had “fast normal hips or worse could not be bred. dam’s had to appear with her whole litter
                     for an inspection of teeth, ear set, temperament, coat, total overall appearance. the testing criteria of the east was also
                     much more rigid than that of the west germans. they were bred for strong bones to handle the great distances they would be
                     expected to patrol. they were constantly exposed to the harshest weather conditions to build stamina, a genetic resistance
                     to disease, and ability to function in the worst of weather conditions.the dogs had be able to scale a straight wall (instead of an incline wall),
                     walk balance beams, search more blinds, track longer and farther – the test were stricter and more physically demanding.
                     only the best of the best would be able to reproduce.the breeding criteria as well as the harshness of their environment shaped the look of
                     the east german ddr shepherd into one of pure intimidation. they had large heads, broad shoulders, deep chests and dark coats.
                     they were truly an fearsome looking shepherd — the ddr shepherd was a sight to behold.the east german national breeding program, as ruthless
                     as it was at times, succeeded. the ddr gsd ultimately exhibited a distinctive look that became different from the traditional
                     gsd. just as nazi germany had strived to create a “super race” with their ideology, so had east germany strived
                     to accomplish this with their national dog.the border patrol dogsbuilding the berlin wallin 1946, the soviet union formed the grenzschutz polizei (later known as grenztruppen) or border
                     police. they were in charge of guarding 1,378 kilometers of east german border.by the early 1950s, west germany was rapidly becoming a postwar
                     industrial powerhouse. the communist domain, however, languished economically. it began to leak skilled workers.the main border between east and west germany
                     was sealed. however, because of its four-power status, berlin remained open. east germans seeking a better life could still
                     leave for west berlin and, from there, fly to west germany. of 17 million east germans, 2.2 million fled westward between
                     1949 and 1961, most via the berlin “escape hatch.” by mid-1961, this exodus threatened the communist state’s
                     very berlin_wall_1existence. hence, the berlin wall.snaking for almost a hundred miles around west berlin, the wall became the cold war’s most potent symbol. it began
                     50 yards deep on the east berlin side, with a high wall greeting potential escapers. next came an alarmed fence, then dog-runs
                     patrolled by specially trained ddr gsds. towers stood every hundred yards, manned by guards with orders to shoot on sight.
                     at the edge of west berlin stood a final “marker” barrier (the part tourists wrongly assumed to be “the
                     berlin wall”).german
                     shepherd dogs at workresponsible now for patrolling the berlin wall as well as the east german border, the border police accelerated
                     its ddr gsd breeding program. at the end of their first year of forming there were over 3,000 soldiers comprising the unit.the grenztruppen and their dogs watched over minefields, border fences; many people will remember check point charlie
                     and the watch towers. many dog runs or fenced pens also were set up throughout the border — 200-250 dog runs or pens
                     were in berlin alone! dog runs covered 97 kilometers of the border deploying approximately 1,000 sentry dogs. the area fluctuated
                     between 90- 120 kilometers. the dog run comprised of dogs being leashed to a suspended line. the dogs in the runs or pens
                     were fed only once in a 10 day period to retain their ferociousness.more than just a sentry dog, many of these shepherds served as tracking dogs,
                     and attack dogs. the border patrol also deployed a special ddr german shepherd guard dogdog pack to find deserters of their
                     “cause” in large area searches such as buildings, timber, woods, or fields.the fall of the berlin wallin august 1989, hungary removed their physical
                     border defenses with austria. this began a chain reaction that eventually led to the fall of the berlin wall. germany began
                     it’s initial stages of becoming a unified nation once more. on june 13th, 1990 the east german military began dismantling
                     the wall. free passage between east and west germany had already been permitted for several months.no longer needed to help keep the east germans
                     inside the communist border, many of the ddr border patrol gsds were sold, abandoned, or euthanized. the grenztruppen were
                     officially disbanded in 1990. soon after, much of the rest of the world began importing these dogs from east germany at a
                     rapid rate. much of the german populace saw the dogs as a symbol of their repression and others simply had no room or financial
                     ability to maintain the dogs. they were disbanded with alarming speed.thankfully, there are still a small handful of ddr breeders left that realize
                     the value of the years of strict east german breeding. these breeders have helped preserve the lineage of this incredible
                     dog and are working to maintain their standards as well. it would be a shame to see this incredible breed of the working german
                     shepherd disappear. with careful breeding, we have the opportunity to preserve the ddr gsds with their natural defense drive,
                     tracking abilities, temperament and structure. renowned for their intelligence, courage, and loyalty, the ddr german shepherd
                     dog is coveted all over the world as truly the “best of the best.”the ddr border patrol dogs no longer exists, a historical relic
                     of a bygone time and place, but their great courage, loyalty, working abilities, and devotion to their owner or handler survive
                     throughout their lineage.


 

























 von barrenberg shepherds, ipswich,
         mass.  ddr east german shepherds, old czech and slovac lines   

german shepherd dog puppies for sale in massachusetts, new england, usa.  now located
         in meeker colorado

 conveniently located, in massachusetts close to salem, beverly,peabody,all northshore
         towns

 e-mail mrkennelddrdogs@aol.com, or txt 978-500-5150










































































 
 
 








 

 tikka von barrenberg and espy tikka is a 2 year old daughter of wilson, in colorado.  tikka is now 7yrs  























 




looking for an eastgerman puppy, check out, litters now-litters due page !!!!!!!!

click here to play video of puppies at 5 weeks old !!!


  email or txt linda  978-500-5150
 bonnie and colorado on movie set of "blown away" with jeff bridges
a blast from the past , boston k-9, the good old days , allandale rd !!! 
































































































 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 





click here to download file german white shepherd sniper scout






 





















hannibal von barrenberg

























hannibal von barrenberg




 





















billy von barrenberg




 








 
 
 
 
 
 




 
























training class























training class 




















obedience & behavior dog
         training class, ipswich ma, conveniently located near salem, beverly,peabody, northshore
         area,  all ages and breeds are welcome ,  pay per class, over
         30 years of training experience, please e-mail linda for info , mrkennelddrdogs@aol.com  




tarapin x billy female, 7 wks old




















 








 
 
 
 




























annie x billy von barrenberg





















click here to play video of annie with 2 day old pups !!





last son of bonnie



















gunther von barren berg - ad,sg,bh ,






kenzo von barrenberg, grandson of gunther



















son of remington







(the original bonnie ,at 1 yr.old, accompanying linda while conditioning
         2 saddlebreds, jay & boss, under the watch of trainer woody follett, on edge wood farm in n. andover, ma. in the fall
         of 1988.)


























call or email  linda    mrkennelddrdogs@aol.com    

contact




 
 
 


 
 
 













17 days old, eyes just openning !



















for availability, email linda







emma & elka



















gunther grandchildren












german shepherd dog, aimee, with buddy,munchie !

























aimee leading her flock of turkeys :)))























 
 




 training class  will
         start in spring  contact linda - if you would like to join in, please contact linda for a private"meet
         & greet " first , mrkennelddrdogs@aol.com










































mia xbilly pups 1year ago






perfect pig pile !



















annie x billy pups






little keely training little ham !!



















ham has been adopted to a wonderful loving couple !






luna x billy pups 4 weeks old



















learning to eat !




 play video of luna x billy's  4week olds eating ! 


























gunther (gump)  april 27, 1996- aug 11, 2009 an incredibly , remarkable companion.  







 
 
 


 
 
 



















this site 

the web 







home


litters now, ltters due


linda's females


males/stud dogs


contact info


training info


for sale/adopt


ddr german shepherd


brags!


 more brags!


training tips


progeny pictures 1


progeny pictures 2


progeny pictures 3


progeny pictures 4


progeny pictures 5


informational links


retired dogs


east german shepherds







(linda w/ bonnie , colorado , elsa ,  and dennie in sled !)








billy & annie von barrenberg



















 









 
 


 
 





 







gabby & baldre in l.a. sending holiday cheer !!!!!



















baldre is a 1/2 brother of billy ,   luna x kane son




click here to play video of luna with baldre litter 1 1/2 yrs ago !!



click here to play video of emma & elka on holiday chair



click here to play video of mia-billy pups 4wks playing



click here to play video of fluffy female jumping wall !



click here to play video of billy x mia pups last january, at 4 wks old eating after play














abby with grouse in mouth, bird hunting in main   



















owner ray hopkins  







 
 


 
 











wisdom ddr



















linda's ddr driving pony !!!!


















