












museum home










a tribute to 
creativity &
      imagination




 


 
a
few words to present our collection.
 
polypack, inc. designs and manufactures
automatic packaging machines; technical activity based upon research and
innovation.
 
behind any machine, robot, computer, or
automobile stands a human being.  his ability to create and give life (very
limited artificial life) to useful contraptions will lead to the development of
material progress.
 
i bought my first "vintage car" out
of necessity in the 1950s when a talbot, delahaye or a darl'mat was less
expensive than any other "people's car."  i loved the cars and
one after another, after good service, they were garaged, waiting for better
years.
 
tatra from czechoslovakia was another
topic.  i was intrigued by a technology and a body style almost from outer
space.
 
the idea of a collection based upon avant
garde automobile technology grew stronger every day.
 
tatra with hans ledwinka symbolizes the rear
engine technology; front wheel drive engineering was the obvious counterpoint
with his apostle, jean albert gregoire: the yin and yang  of
automobile technology.
 
in the course of our research, we discovered
more creative engineers and more names.  their monikers - some unknown to
the public at large - materialized every day: jaray, muller, porsche, rasmussen,
rohr...
 
most
of the automobiles presented here were born in the 1920s and '30s. the new
concepts behind these cars had to wait many years before being accepted.

how to explain a lack of enthusiasm in the automobile industry? a car buyer has
two main goals:
* his automobile will have to be reliable; and
* the cost of the car will have to be as low as possible.
for
many people it is a substantial investment and the automobile is a working tool.
it is out of the question to leave a car too frequently in a garage for repairs
or tune-ups.

in the industrial world of machine manufacturers, the same constraints reign. a
fast, "high tech" machine cannot stop working at 10:00 p.m. for no
reason when the second shift is in production.

the buyer will ask for proven reliability and references dating back as far as
possible. he almost never buys a prototype.



an automobile company will be obliged to be careful in its investment in a new
product unwelcome by the marketing. only a small company with few but fervent
clients ready to accept a risk will launch a revolutionary car.

a larger company can do it if it has an enthusiastic helmsman, such as erett
cord, who could still survive if one of his companies was faring badly.

but remember what happened to andre citroen, the visionary, who lost his company
and his life in a risky venture.

another possibility may be political. hitler subsidized auto union and mercedes
to win international races for the prestige of the third reich. at the same
time, hitler's propaganda was promoting the people car, the volkswagen or kdf
(work through joy), which was to be manufactured under cost with government
subsidies.

original ideas belonged, quite often, to research engineers with strong and
sometimes even abrasive personalities who, unable to bear the pressure of big
corporations, opened their own consulting businesses. ferdinand porsche slammed
the door on austro daimler, steyr, and mercedes, before opening his own shop,
geared toward consulting in stuttgart, in 1930.

an idea coming from nowhere will have to be sold to staff engineers alien to the
concept "not made here."
creators
and inventors are seldom rich men.

but, when later all of these ideas, revolutionary in their time, prevailed in
the industry, consumers and industrialists had to remember the men who created
the future and their successors who imagined the world of tomorrow.
        

alain a. cerf
home | showroom
| biography | links | wanted
| contact


email webmaster

