




custom home builder serving jacksonville, fl | collins builders











































        skip to main content
    










x







                                custom home design                             



                                interior design                             



                                where we build                             




cities & counties

jacksonville


fernandina beach


amelia island


nassau county


st. johns county


jacksonville beach


fleming island


st. augustine


palm valley


view all





neighborhoods

river landing at twenty mile


glen kernan golf & country club


pablo creek reserve


the king & bear at world golf village


mandarin


marsh landing country club


palencia


the plantation


queen’s harbour yacht and country club


view all








                                our portfolio                             




completed homes


                                                                        pablo creek reserve-french country chateau
                                                                    



                                                                        riverfront key west style estate
                                                                    



                                                                        ponte vedra intracoastal coastal estate
                                                                    



                                                                        riverfront traditional mediterranean estate
                                                                    



                                                                        crooked creek contemporary
                                                                    



                                                                        maximalist mediterranean estate
                                                                    





current projects


                                                                        river landing-nocatee intracoastal coastal contemporary
                                                                    



                                                                        wilderness trail traditional estate
                                                                    



                                                                        river landing-nocatee coastal contemporary
                                                                    



                                                                        river landing-nocatee intracoastal traditional estate
                                                                    



                                                                        quail ridge contemporary farmhouse
                                                                    



                                                                        julington creek coastal estate
                                                                    



                                                                        riverfront contemporary courtyard
                                                                    



                                                                        marsh landing coastal estate
                                                                    





coming soon


                                                                        french country estate
                                                                    



                                                                        oceanfront modern
                                                                    



                                                                        river landing-nocatee coastal preserve
                                                                    



                                                                        west indies estate
                                                                    



                                                                        tuscan villa
                                                                    









                                collins experience                             



                                about us                             





testimonials


the team


awards


our beliefs


give back








                                resources                             





news


blog








                                contact us                             
















luxury living designed and built your way
architectural design | luxury custom homes | interior design 
contact us























custom home builders in jacksonville, fl

at collins builders, we want you to love your new home. in order to build a new home that you love, you need a custom home builder who will listen to your needs and then help guide you to design your new home just the way you want it. the problem is that many builders don’t take the time to understand your specific needs, excessively limit your choices and require you to compromise on quality and service. this is exactly why we have built a team of highly experienced architectural designers, decorators, and builders, all in one place, so you can enjoy the process of building the home of your dreams and with the level of quality you deserve.







complete customization
design + build your dream home the way you want it.



full service in house team
our team has the tools to get it done, we don’t waste time outsourcing.



award winning design + service
we are with you at every step to make your dream home a reality.













coastal waterfront contemporary







french country chateau
view custom home » in the french country chateau style







hillside contemporary
view custom home » in the hillside contemporary style







intracoastal traditional
view custom home » in the intracoastal traditional style







intracoastal transitional
view custom home » in the intracoastal transitional style







mandarin riverfront contemporary







mandarin riverfront mediterranean
view custom home » in the mandarin riverfront mediterranean style







manresa traditional mediterranean







ponte vedra beach coastal
view custom home » in the ponte vedra beach coastal style







key west riverfront
view custom home » in the key west riverfront style















we are with you at every step to make your dream home a reality.

one of the reasons why collins builders is northeast florida’s premier custom home builder is that we provide so much more than beautiful custom homes. our team of builders and professionals utilize decades of experience to create an enjoyable process for our clients, where we are with you every step of the way. from conversations to keys, our team will provide excellent service while bringing your dreams to life.



1
initial consultation


2
conceptual design


3
preliminary budget


4
design development + final pricing


5
project management + construction


get started






bring your custom home to life with virtual design services
you’re “virtually” home with collins builders’ new 3d services. you no longer need a great imagination to envision your new custom home from a black and white floor plan. no more waiting for construction to begin to show off your home to family and friends. walk through your new home room-by-room and see how the spaces will work for your lifestyle. experience the morning view from your back patio overlooking your custom pool. services include full exterior renderings or full/partial interior renderings. call us today to learn more!
learn more










featured projects






featured project



intracoastal traditional

view home







featured project



mandarin riverfront contemporary









get inspired
our clients inspire us, and we are proud to present our collins builders idea book in hopes of inspiring you. enjoy!
view the idea book

















3840 crown point rdjacksonville, fl 32257


office phone: (904) 575-0400
builder license #: crc1326552




follow us














custom home design
interior design
where we build
our portfolio
collins experience
about us
resources
contact us



terms of service
|
accessibility



copyright 2025 © collins builders. all rights reserved.
|
website built by red fin group















   



