









stoltzfus lime spreaders | discover the stoltzfus difference

























































































































loading




 











800-843-8731

































spreaders

wet lime spreaders
ground drive spreaders
bulk material spreaders
orchard/vineyard spreaders
boom drop spreaders
row crop spreaders
custom designed spreaders


sales literature

videos


rate calculators
dealers
about

news
careers


get a quote
 



























 





 

stoltzfus spreaders 

discover the difference 

pioneers in the design and manufacture of agricultural lime spreaders 







 

our versatile ground drive spreaders are available in 4, 5 , 8 and 10 ton capacities. 







 

apply lime, fertilizer and all types of pelletized
material with accuracy and speed in any orchard or
vineyard. 







 

stoltzfus row crop spreaders come standard with an adjustable wheel track for additional spreading flexibility.  







 

our bulk material spreaders are engineered to spread high rates of hard to spread materials like chicken litter, lime and compost. 







 

stoltzfus drop boom spreaders feature a 30 foot wide spread pattern using a conveyor-style boom. 



 





skip to content





















stoltzfus agricultural spreaders—discover the difference 








hard-to-spread materials are no longer a problem with stoltzfus agricultural spreaders. when you purchase a unibody spreader from stoltzfus spreaders, you’ll never have to worry about problems with damp or clumped lime or low-rate fertilizer again. instead, you can rely on the toughness, versatility, performance, and longevity of a standard or custom agricultural spreader from stoltzfus spreaders.


contact the team




















the agricultural spreaders for sale at stoltzfus spreaders 



stoltzfus spreaders feature a unibody, fully welded design, proven material delivery system, rugged spring or walking beam suspensions, heavy-duty drive trains, and top-mounted spinner motors— which combine to create a spreader that is rugged enough for lime, yet precise enough for fertilizer. these premium spreaders have earned an excellent reputation in the agricultural community, in the united states and abroad.










ground drive spreadersdesigned for the farmer who wants ground-driven precision for fertilizer and the toughness for lime.
learn more





wet lime spreadersthe original wet (damp or stockpiled) lime spreader was designed for decades of heavy use.
learn more





bulk material spreaderswhen you need a high-capacity, high-output spreader for lime, litter compost, and more.
learn more












orchard/vineyard spreadersa well-built orchard/vineyard spreader ensures precise application, reduced waste, and healthier, productive crops.
learn more





row crop spreaderswide swath spreading for lime and fertilizer, fully adjustable axles, and high ground clearance, perfect for top dressing.
learn more





boom drop spreadersthe original! unsurpassed accuracy for dry, flowable or dusty materials like pulverized lime and crushed stone.
learn more





custom designed spreaderslet us know your special design requirements, and we’ll engineer a spreader specifically for you.
learn more










when you’re searching for agricultural spreaders for sale, look no further than stoltzfus spreaders.our customers have seen the difference, and we want you to experience it too.





















experience the stoltzfus difference 



why buy your agricultural spreader from us? here are a few reasons:











toughness built to endure, every stoltzfus spreader is crafted with the precision and strength of unibody construction. the spreader body and frame are joined into a single, solid weldment for unmatched durability. even the support ribs are welded every inch where they attach to the body.toughness is standard on every stoltzfus spreader.






performance ingenious engineering drives superior results. our 53-degree side slopes and 4-inch vertical drop pan provide exceptional material flow and capacity, preventing bridging and keeping your work moving smoothly.performance is engineered into every stoltzfus spreader.








versatility experience the perfect balance of ruggedness and precision with our innovative sawtooth delivery system. whether handling damp lime or applying low-rate fertilizer, the sawtooth delivery feature ensures smooth material flow to the spinners while preventing surges.versatility is built into every stoltzfus spreader.




longevity our top-driven spinner design isolates crucial spinner drives from the shock of material impact and reduces chemical exposure, extending the life of your equipment.longevity is a hallmark of every stoltzfus spreader.








are you ready to let the stoltzfus difference transform the way you spread lime, fertilizer, and other materials?reach out to our knowledgeable team today and tell us about your requirements.




contact the team


























meet the stoltzfus spreaders team we’ve been engineering agricultural spreaders for 80 years, and our team is just as dedicated today as they were when we designed our first agricultural spreader. whether you’re searching for the perfect commercial fertilizer spreader for a tractor, agriculture fertilizer spreader, or a variety of farm spreaders, we’re here to help.
get to know stoltzfus

























want to work directly with an agricultural spreader dealer?  
want to order directly from the manufacturer? we’d be happy to assist you.
stoltzfus has a network of agricultural spreader dealers in the midatlantic and northeast regions, all of whom know our product line and are ready to help you solve your most bothersome broadcast problems while enhancing spreading efficiency. 




find the dealer closest to you








more about our agricultural spreaders we are proud of our 80-year heritage in the agricultural spreader industry, and we invite you to view our photos and videos, browse literature, and read about the latest news.be sure to contact us with questions or let us know what else we can do to help. 

calculate spreading rates our calculators will help you determine spreading rates for various spread widths and material densities. try it out now!





















say goodbye to complications and hello to reliability and durability 



the engineers and customer service professionals at stoltzfus spreaders know your industry—as well as its unique challenges. let us help you find a spreader you can rely on, that’s versatile, and that’s built to last. those words can be used to describe every agricultural spreader in our line—the only question that remains is which one is perfect for you?




contact the team














 








 

 



121 morgan way, p.o. box 527, morgantown, pa 19543



610-350-4322


800-843-8731



 



©2025 stoltz mfg., llc. all rights reserved. 
privacy policy









































