










home - hunterdon county chamber of commerce






















































 
 


















skip to content
































join now





member login

















 
the chamber area chamber overview directors team faqs involvement in the chamber membership general payment methods initiatives healthy hunterdon workforce leadership hunterdon classes of 2023 and 2024 classes of 2020-2021 and 2022 classes of 2018 and 2019 classes of 2016 and 2017 classes of 2014 and 2015 classes of 2012 and 2013 business resources members member login membership application member benefits young professionals business directory advocacy job bank online store contactnews & events press releases community calendar chamber calendar blog chamber newslettereconomic development about economic development edc staff community profilesvisitor info about hunterdon our towns clinton high bridge califon flemington lambertville river towns: stockton, frenchtown, milford visitor’s guide hunterdon living community calendar submit a community eventthe foundation foundation news co. starters co. starters core co. starters bootcamp meet your facilitators co. starters wayfinding business hall of fame 2024 hall of fame inductees 2022 hall of fame inductees 2019 hall of fame inductees 2017 hall of fame inductees score score testimonials njeda meeting space rentalschamber radio about chamber radio show hosts








 













welcome to














hunterdon county chamber of commerce

















the hunterdon county chamber of commerce works to enhance an economic climate that advances growth, prosperity and the quality of life for all who live, work and visit ​hunterdon county.

















about the chamber






since 1916, we are the leading & largest advocate for the hunterdon county business community. we’re “your seat at the table” amplifying the voice of the local businesses to community, government & institutional leaders.
relationships that get results. with 500+ members and access to community leaders at all levels, we provide abundant opportunities for productive and professional connections that advance your business’s interests.
resources to support your success. our wide & changing menu of programs and events provide excellent learning opportunities for your continued business and professional growth including score business consulting, leadership hunterdon county, young professionals of hunterdon county, women business leaders forum, hunterdon county center for business & entrepreneurship and the hunterdon county chamber foundation.














































business & entrepreneurship






the unity bank center for business & entrepreneurship is here to provide opportunities for counseling, technical services, leadership, education and workforce development. free, confidential, and professional business counseling will be provided by score central jersey, in partnership with the center to existing small business owners, aspiring entrepreneurs who are launching their companies, established and existing businesses and to individuals planning to go into business.
learn more






























                                score                            












                                hunterdon county                            












                                foundation                            





next
previous


































member center












					jobs				








					directory				








					news				








					chamber events				








					community calendar				








					add event to community calendar				








					hot deals				








					join				












 


chamber events 


 

























































 
learn more about score through maddalenas cheesecake testimonial!


click here!


 


 
gain further insight about the co.starters bootcamp and what it has to offer you!


click here!


 


 
view the impact that score has had on gabbi flachs mathnasium of flemington in her testimony!


click here!


 


 
hear janice rega and ray millner explain how the chamber of commerce and score come together to help business owners build and grow their businesses!


click here!


 




















building business relationships in hunterdon county

















the voice of business



















 
programs & services 


















 
2023 annual report 
















 
leadership hunterdon class of 2022 white paper 




















 












© 2025 hunterdon county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












hunterdon county chamber of commerce









phone




(908) 782-7115 










map




119 main street |  flemington, nj 08822 










email




info@hunterdon-chamber.org 










facebook





linkedin





twitter





instagram





youtube




























 © 2025 hunterdon county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top


















