



paranormal events advertising uk ghost hunts walks weekends







 

menu:

home page 
events
ghost walks 
mediums
spooky extra 
forum
archives
about us
organic cosmetics
contact us
web links 


 

email



name











 

 

 


uk paranormal events - ghost hunts, walks, mediums, weekends ..... 
welcome to lets be spooked... bringing you the best paranormal events from a wide variety of companies around the uk.
book a ghost hunt, ghost walk, overnight investigation, psychic supper, weekend away or even a medium via our website. 
paranormal events have become so popular since the launch of most
      haunted, companies that advertise on our website will ensure that you
      have an paranormal experience that you will never forget!
special paranormal featured event 
alton towers (the towers) - 26th august 2006 - £59.99
visit the famous towers, not many groups have had the chance to investigate this fantastic venue.
limited numbers so book quickly to avoid disappointment
click here for further information.... 
 
paranormal advertising - advertise with us today 
if you're a ghost tour company, medium or an organizer looking for
      great value advertising that works you are in the right place, we have
      over 4000 members and a massive web presence, adverting from only £5
      per month.
click here to contact us about advertising. 
lets be spooked forum 
soon we will have our forum back online for everyone to discuss previous events or personal experiences with the paranormal.
we look forward to hearing from you all soon.
lets be spooked team 
paranormal portal 
whether you believe in the paranormal or whether you are a skeptic;
      our resource and archives contain quality information, first hand
      accounts, scientific explanations and real views. uk interest has
      rapidly grown over the years and lets be spooked has grown accordingly.
 a unique observation was made over the years. the uk community held
      excellent diversity regards to many issues. the backbone of the uk
      paranormal community consists of the clubs, groups, societies and
      individuals who dedicate their time investigating and documenting
      ghostly activity. 
we acknowledge that there is a variance in expertise and also the
      lack of real networking between investigators around the country. our
      solution is simple. the provision of an ultimate resource where groups,
      ghost clubs, societies, enthusiasts, believers and skeptics can refer
      to for every aspect of the paranormal.
 professional ghost hunts, walks and weekends form a good basis to network. our advertising options are the most effective way to promote an event. 
lets be spooked benefits

paranormal companies can showcase their events

paranormal advertising 

ghost clubs can contact each other or gain vital contacts

paranormal information, news and future events available to the community

the opportunity to make new friends across the uk

mediums can network and showcase their talent

psychics can network and showcase their talent

charity events can gain extra support

uk ghost walk listings
new ford edinburgh

psychic supper events (social, paranormal and very fun) 

weekends away and overnight stay deals 

scientifically tested evp, pictures and video footage

regional
        information
used ford fiesta

real views, debates from enthusiasts and investigators

full archives of investigations, footage and feedback

discounts to members on ghost hunts, walks and weekends

all ghost hunts, walks and weekends displayed on our website are subject to the rules and regulations of
      the advertiser. please refer directly to them in the first instance for
      information about the event. however we are more than happy to assist
      you with queries that we can directly pass on. 
we are on hand to listen to the community and feel free to contact us about any paranormal related matter and we will do our best to get back to you quickly.


copyright © 2020 lets be spooked.  - lets be spooked paranormal portal
paranormal advertising - ghost hunts - ghost walks  - weekends - paranormal - advertising - networking - conference - mediums - business
      charity - ghosts - uk - usa - europe - investigations - phenomena - psychics - tyres
shadowlands - about.com - psychics info@letsbespooked.co.uk
 






