





department of information systems and quantitative analysis | information systems and quantitative analysis | university of nebraska omaha
















skip to main content

 






university of nebraska omaha




apply
my uno
directory

search uno


















search uno

















students
faculty
staff
community










college of information science & technology
information systems and quantitative analysis














apply
my uno
directory




students
faculty
staff
community







search uno















about
 

backback to main menu



isqa - uno - omaha
                                        
news & events
people




undergraduate program
 

backback to main menu



bs in mis degree
                                        
forms and resources
concentrations
certificates
minor in management information systems
second degree in information systems
abet accreditation, program educational objectives, and student outcomes




graduate program
 

backback to main menu



graduate programs
                                        
ms mis degree
dual degrees
certifications, concentrations, and minors
prospective students
forms and resources
f.a.q.




student involvement
 

backback to main menu



mentorship program
                                        




 







department of information systems and quantitative analysis







uno
information systems and quantitative analysis








where your passion and technology meet


imagine the possibilities. design the future. find new ways to bring people together with technology. 

                in the department of information systems and quantitative analysis (isqa), we’re in the business of using information and communication technologies to solve problems. we understand how societies, organizations, people, and technology interact. information systems professionals combine technology-, analytic-, and people-skills to make information serve our world.
            


view our 2021 highlights






whatever your interests, our outstanding faculty will teach you to use technology to better understand and pursue your passion.
we offer:

an abet-accredited bachelor’s degree in management information systems.
a master’s degree in management information systems.
undergraduate certificates in data management, information technology administration, systems development.  
graduate certificates in data analytics, information assurance, project management, and systems analysis and design.
dual-degree programs that enable students to earn two master's degrees in 3/4 the time.
for undergraduate students interested in pursuing a graduate degree, we offer an integrated undergraduate/graduate (iug) track in mis that allows students to complete bs and ms degrees in five years (152 hours).

no matter your area of interest, your job in the technology field will go beyond just interacting with a computer screen. people are still the focus of this industry, and that’s why our dedicated faculty believes in open-door policies and personal interaction.
as a metropolitan university, a commitment to community engagement is at the core of the department’s mission.
isqa students and faculty work with omaha’s businesses, neighborhoods and communities, and youth groups to engage them in technology. our undergraduate and graduate capstone courses provide students with a chance to manage projects for real companies in the community.
additionally, isqa has been an early pioneer in developing dual-degree programs that blend multiple disciplines offered on the uno campus and around the world.






announcements


mis graduate student, aditya, tells us about his new career in omaha


phd alumni awarded grant to further small business research




news room




















college of information science & technology






contact us

college of information science & technology
                                    172
                                                                peter kiewit institute
                                
1110 south 67th street
                                                                    
omaha, ne 68182
                                                                              map




402.554.2380
contact us


social media







college resources

advising
jobs and internships
research
news and events
is&t technology systems and facilities













 



next steps


visit uno


request information


apply for admission


the uno advantage


our city (omaha)




just for you


future students


current students


work at uno


faculty and staff


a-z list




popular services and resources


my.unomaha.edu


academic calendar


campus buildings & maps


library


pay your bill


course catalogs


internships & career development


the maverick store


mavcard services


military-connected resource center


speech center


writing center


human resources


center for faculty excellence




affiliates


university of nebraska system


nu foundation


buffett early childhood institute


daugherty water for food institute


national strategic research institute


peter kiewit institute


rural prosperity nebraska











university policies


privacy statement


accessibility


















toggle theme





                  light
                  





                  dark
                  





                  auto
                  








402.554.2800










university of nebraska omaha



                university of nebraska omaha,
                6001 dodge street,
                omaha, ne, 68182 





©
                        
                         
                    

emergency information alert

mavsreport





social media


















our campus. otherwise known as omaha.




the university of nebraska does not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, and/or political affiliation in its education programs or activities, including admissions and employment. the university prohibits any form of retaliation taken against anyone for reporting discrimination, harassment, or retaliation for otherwise engaging in protected activity. read the full statement.









