



  





the coho oceanfront lodge | lincoln city hotels | oregon coast 















 


 








×

book now!





×

explore lincoln city
rooms & suites
amenities
packages
gallery
360° virtual tour
about us
pet policy
gift certificates
directions
faq
   541-994-3684








coho oceanfront lodge
lincoln city oregon
the coho oceanfront lodge invites you to experience our spectacular oceanfront location, warm hospitality, panoramic ocean views, great facilities and amenities. we offer a wide variety of room types to meet your needs. located along the stunning oregon coast, we are within walking distance to a host of restaurants, cafes, art galleries and local shops.  welcome!


reserve now










featured video
crashing waves, the cry of seagulls, warm sand squishing between your toes...lincoln city offers an ideal backdrop to inspire priceless memories with your loved ones.
rooms & suites|360° virtual tour



rooms & suites
we have carefully appointed each room and suite with reclaimed materials and the earth in mind. in addition to complimentary wifi and flat screen hdtvs with premium cable channels, each room features hand-selected, one of a kind amenities to suit your needs.
rooms & suites





stay 3, get 15% off

not valid with any other offers
valid now through may 31, 2025
subject to blackout dates & subject to change
to book online click here or call (541) 994-3684 to reserve

more packages










why
coho lodge

spectacular, panoramic views of the pacific ocean from outdoor fire pits
walking distance to local dining and shops
great base of operation for many nature day trips
steam room, indoor pool & exercise room
complimentary hot breakfast, wi-fi, dvd rentals and parking
family owned property welcoming guests for 30+ years 
































@thecoholodge



@thecoholodge

















the coho oceanfront lodge - lincoln city, or
inn at wecoma - lincoln city, or
surfland hotel - lincoln city, or
the inn at nye beach - newport, or
ocean house - newport, or
nye beach condos & cottages - newport, or
majestic inn and spa - anacortes, wa
saratoga inn - whidbey island/langley, wa
the dalles inn - the dalles, or
even hotel - eugene, or


sign up for special offers




contact|press release|blog|careersfaq|terms of use|privacy policy
1635 northwest harbor ave, lincoln city, or 97367
1.541.994.3684|1.800.848.7006||
















avoid online booking fees. reserve direct!
the coho oceanfront lodge guarantees the best rates available on the web.if you find a better rate within 24 hours of booking ... we will match it, and beat it by 10%










no booking fees






guaranteed rates






exclusive promotions






upgrades (upon availability)







contact must be made within 24 hours of booking to be eligible through management.best rate guarantee does not apply to taxes, gratuities, or additional guest charges/fees




