










cradle to cradle ® | mbdc

























































skip to content






mbdc



primary menu



how to get c2c certified®
case studies
about
contact
news




search for:


search







search for:


search






























































originally created by mbdc, cradle to cradle certified® is more than a recognized mark of product quality, it’s a process that leads companies to make better products, better companies and better communities.



get c2c certified®
contact us




revolutionizing sustainability through innovation and vision

co-founded by world-renowned architect and sustainability visionary william mcdonough, mbdc leads the charge in transforming the industry with cradle to cradle certified® products. our legacy, rooted in the groundbreaking cradle to cradle design™ framework , sets the standard for a future where every product is designed for a beneficial footprint.






amazon features cradle to cradle certified® as part of their ‘climate pledge friendly’ badge to make it easier for customers to discover and shop for sustainable products

william mcdonough was quoted in amazon’s press release saying:

“cradle to cradle certification provides a framework for product optimization based on the principles of designing with safe and healthy materials, using clean renewable energy and water, celebrating diversity, and eliminating the concept of waste,” said mcdonough. “we love that amazon is making it simple for customers to find sustainable products. amazon’s new program will expand our reach and enable us to empower more brands to deliver safer and more sustainable products for the circular economy.”






cradle to cradle certified® is recognized as a preferred product certification by: walmart, the home depot, amazon and walgreens

click on logos for press releases

when brand-name retailers take a stand for safe and healthy products, industry takes note. by adopting cradle to cradle as a third-party, multi-attribute certification and as a design framework, companies are not only embracing safe and circular practices, but also encouraging their peers to adopt similar values. 

















view the announcement


close




















view the announcement


close




















see the product integrity policy


close




















see home depot's healthy home solutions


close







 
news




get cradle to cradle certified®: what to know about the transition from version 3.1 to 4.0


				as of july 1, 2021, the cradle to cradle certified® products program has begun to roll out the transition from the cradle to cradle certified product standard version 3.1 to version 4.0
			
read more: get cradle to cradle certified®: what to know about the transition from version 3.1 to 4.0











ralph lauren introduces industry’s first-ever cradle to cradle certified® gold cashmere sweater


				this week, ralph lauren introduced the industry's first-ever cradle to cradle certified® gold cashmere sweater, available in both the men's purple label and women's collection brands.
			
read more: ralph lauren introduces industry’s first-ever cradle to cradle certified® gold cashmere sweater











shop mbdc’s annual cradle to cradle certified® gift guide for the holiday season


				happy holidays from all of us at mbdc! this holiday season, show your friends and family that you care by giving them a gift that’s cradle to cradle certified®.
			
read more: shop mbdc’s annual cradle to cradle certified® gift guide for the holiday season











l’oréal brands expand their c2c certified® products in time for holiday season shopping


				last week, three l'oréal brands achieved cradle to cradle certified® at the silver level for multiple product lines, including carol’s daughter, biolage and cerave. carol’s daughter expanded their existing c2c certified product portfolio, while biolage and cerave announced their first set of certified products. […]
			
read more: l’oréal brands expand their c2c certified® products in time for holiday season shopping











mbdc team members reflect on their attendance at the texworld conference and functional fabrics fair 

last month, mbdc environmental chemist lauren lieske and senior manager kendall o’shea attended the texworld conference and the functional fabrics fair at the javis center in new york city. they each shared their takeaways of attending these events pertaining to their work in the green chemistry space.  what sparked your interest in attending the texworld […]

read more: mbdc team members reflect on their attendance at the texworld conference and functional fabrics fair 











blueland achieves their first fully cradle to cradle certified® products


				mbdc celebrates blueland’s first fully cradle to cradle certified® products! since the inception of blueland, they have worked closely with mbdc as the assessment body…
			
read more: blueland achieves their first fully cradle to cradle certified® products











ysl beauty is the latest l’oréal brand to achieve cradle to cradle certified® with support of mbdc


				another l’oréal-owned brand is making exciting strides in their sustainability journey. ysl beauty, the luxe french brand, recently received cradle to cradle certified® for their nu line with mbdc as the assessment body.
			
read more: ysl beauty is the latest l’oréal brand to achieve cradle to cradle certified® with support of mbdc











maybelline’s green edition makeup line, assessed by mbdc, achieves cradle to cradle certified®


				mbdc joins maybelline new york, a l’oréal-owned brand, in celebrating their green edition makeup line; the first makeup line to be assessed by mbdc and cradle to cradle certified® by the cradle to cradle products innovation institute
			
read more: maybelline’s green edition makeup line, assessed by mbdc, achieves cradle to cradle certified®











a select list of cradle to cradle certified gifts for your sustainably-minded loved ones this holiday season!


				happy holidays from mbdc! to celebrate the season of giving, we have rounded up the best gifts to give all of the sustainably-minded consumers on your list. from beauty and wellness products to home décor, all items on this list were assessed by mbdc for the cradle to cradle certified® products program. […]
			
read more: a select list of cradle to cradle certified gifts for your sustainably-minded loved ones this holiday season!











nordic structures achieves cradle to cradle certified™ for mass timber products


				nordic achieved silver level certification for their nordic x-lam and bronze for their nordic lam and lam+.
			
read more: nordic structures achieves cradle to cradle certified™ for mass timber products











mbdc and blueland continue collaboration on safer, healthier products

after assessing all of blueland’s products and nearly all of their packaging for material health certificates, we sat down with their co-founder and coo john mascari to talk about the process. to date, all of blueland’s products and most of their packaging have achieved platinum material health certificates from the cradle to cradle products innovation […]

read more: mbdc and blueland continue collaboration on safer, healthier products











amazon features cradle to cradle certified™ as part of their ‘climate pledge friendly’ badge


				as the originators of the cradle to cradle certified protocols and now a leading assessor for the certification, mbdc is delighted to see the world’s leading online retailer empower customers to make informed choices. 
			
read more: amazon features cradle to cradle certified™ as part of their ‘climate pledge friendly’ badge











mbdc co-founder william mcdonough discusses cradle to cradle design™ with bill nye

william mcdonough, co-author of cradle to cradle: remaking the way we make things and co-founder of mbdc, was recently a guest on bill nye’s science rules! podcast. during the episode, nye and his co-host corey s. powell asked mcdonough about his diverse areas of impact, including product chemistry, plastics and packaging, and architecture.  in addition […]

read more: mbdc co-founder william mcdonough discusses cradle to cradle design™ with bill nye











fortune magazine recognizes mbdc co-founder william mcdonough as one of the world’s 50 greatest leaders

mbdc is pleased to share that william mcdonough was named in fortune magazine’s sixth annual list of the world’s 50 greatest leaders at #24. fortune listed mcdonough amongst 49 other leaders who are “transforming the world and inspiring others to do the same.” fortune’s inclusion of mcdonough shows the growing recognition of and achievements in […]

read more: fortune magazine recognizes mbdc co-founder william mcdonough as one of the world’s 50 greatest leaders

























mbdc




how to get c2c certified®
case studies
about
contact
news


legal & trademarks
privacy policy





search for:


search




linkedin
facebook
twitter
instagram



website ©2025 mbdc | privacy policy







this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept

























