
































































 

















contact us: +27 11 485 8700

enquire now!  | log in









 



contact us: +27 11 485 8700
home
company

about us
our people
our vision mission & values
corporate information
transformation


services

chemicals
gas
steel
powders
mining
supply chain solutions
sugar
fuel


safety & environment
careers
contact us










over 60 years
of logistics  excellence
view our servicesclick here to
watch our videoclick here to
watch our videoget access to the latest fuel-transport industry insights?click here to participate in this 3-min survey about the behaviours of fuel
transportation procurement and we'll send you the results for free.







over 
50 years
of logistics 
 excellence
view our services







scroll down



welcome to cargo carriers
cargo carriers is southern africa’s leading provider of integrated supply chain and transport logistics solutions.
we focus on helping clients across a wide range of industries achieve more efficient and effective supply chains.
backed by a highly skilled workforce, extensive infrastructure throughout southern africa, unrivalled logistics management expertise, and cutting‐edge it systems, we are able to create value‐driven solutions customised to our clients’ precise needs.
read more









we are experts & specialistsin the following areas








chemicals





gas





steel





powders





mining





supply chain solutions





sugar





fuel







...and we cater for any other logistical services
click here to find out more













01
why choose us






financial stability
your logistics partner must be able to grow with your business. fortunately, cargo carriers is not only one of southern africa’s biggest transporters – we are also one of its most financially stable, with the balance sheet to match your growth strategy.







reliability
your business depends on getting the right goods to the right location at the right time – every time. cargo carriers has a proud, long-standing track record of doing exactly that. 







experience & expertise
cargo carriers has specialised in transportation for over sixty years. many of the client relationships we enjoy span decades. our longstanding success is based on ensuring we always have the right people in place to meet your unique industry needs.







technology & innovation
the supply chain is growing in complexity. cargo carriers has the software to simplify it. backed by south africa’s best suite of logistics it systems and solutions, we can help you control costs, maintain your fleet, plan and optimise routes, and manage fuel consumption.







cross-border coverage
we have established ourselves as experts in cross-border supply chain solutions in sub-saharan africa. we oversee a vast network of accredited sub-contractor transport companies, moving thousands of tons of diversified products across borders each year, with the cargo carriers stamp of quality and reliability.







sheq
sustainability has become a business imperative, and having a logistics provider with exceptional sheq scores, essential. cargo carriers is that provider. we scrupulously observe the highest standards in health and wellness, safety and environmental best practice, and quality control.  read more 















02
about us
cargo carriers are specialists in providing transport solutions to the fuel, steel, chemicals, gas, powders, mining and sugar industries, while retaining the flexibility and strategic capabilities to service many others industries on request.
backed by south africa’s best suite of logistics it systems and solutions, we also offer innovative supply chain management consulting and implementation services to clients across the country, and throughout sub-saharan africa.
read more










03
history
cargo carriers was established in 1956 by desmond bolton. his two sons, garth (executive) and murray (former ceo 2013 > 2018, thereafter appointed as non-executive – march 2018) are involved in the company.
when cargo carriers listed on the johannesburg stock exchange in 1987, the company was one of the largest privately owned transport operations in southern africa.
our strategic focus shifted in 2002. our vision was to become more than a reliable and efficient haulier, and we reinvented ourselves as a specialist logistics and supply chain service provider.
read more













contact us
t+27 11 485 8700
f+27 11 485 8781
einfo@cargocarriers.co.za



emergency hotline
 for emergencies like vehicle roll over, spillages,accidents, call us on: 
0860  000 570


















quick links
sitemap
privacy policy
 
cargo carriers (pty) limited: client data protection: we are committed to protecting the integrity of all client information within a framework of acceptable best practices. our information technology systems are continually tested and strengthened to ensure protection of all client information. we remain vigilant to the possibility of cyber threats to our company. additional security measures in this regard are continually being assessed and implemented.
						




areas of service
we cater for any logistical requirements



click here to find out more












                        © 2025 cargo carriers (pty) limited. all rights reserved. designed & developed by pixel village














 


homecompany▼about usour peopleour vision mission & valuescorporate informationtransformationservices▼chemicalsgassteelpowdersminingsupply chain solutionssugarfuelsafety & environmentcareerscontact us 





















