



maine girls summer camp | camp fernwoood | overnight, sleepaway














































 

camp fernwood | maine girls summer campsummer camp for girls  |  since 1921about camp

welcome
about camp
why we’re special
history
philosophy
why 7 weeks
dates and pricing
arrange a tour


camp life

camp life
watch our video
general info
activities
tripping & events
a typical day


parents

parents
mailings & forms
visiting day
homesickness


staff

staff
general info
how to apply
mailings & forms


contact us

contact us
arrange a tour


welcome to camp fernwood

founded in 1921, camp fernwood is a nurturing, traditional sleepaway summer camp for girls, located in poland, maine on the shore of beautiful lake thompson.  we are a community of 230 campers and 150 resident staff, and offer one full season session (7 weeks) for campers ranging from 8 to 15.
the message girls get at fernwood is often quite the opposite of what they hear in their daily lives.  from a young age, women are repeatedly barraged with negative messages from both peers and the media.  a summer experience at fernwood, focusing on simplicity, inclusion, tolerance and friendship helps girls to put that negative outside culture in a healthy perspective.  by enhancing our girls’ sense of self, and teaching them the importance of being strong, healthy and independent, they are more resilient and less affected by many of those negative pressures.

“once you’ve passed that fernwood gate you’ve made a little date with fate … and your heart is at fernwood to stay.”



explore!
day and overnight trips to maine’s mountains, rivers and lakes …

since 1921
camp fernwood has changed lives for over 90 years.

why camp
discover a magical place that nurtures friendships and creates lifetime memories.

 
 

explore “campintouch”
online portal for parents & staff
fill out camp forms online and update contact information. keep in touch with your daughter via one-way e-mail.



 

2025 summer season dates 
opening day:    sunday, june 22
visiting day:      saturday, july 19
closing day:      thursday, august 7


 current campers | alumnae

 

 

 


camp fernwood | summer camp for girls © 2014










