







westbrook block | westbrook concrete block










































































































products


block types

spectra glaze
omni block
westbricks®
standard cmu
glass plus
cornerstone 100
ul fire-rated
soundblox
split rib
embossed / brick block
rounded / fluted


finishes

polished face textured
polished face
ground face
split face
smooth moulded


colors

blacks
blends
browns
greens
reds
tans
whites
yellows


mortars

mortars
cast stone
architectural cast stone





our projects
about us

history


resources

product resources
project protection portal
landscape & masonry supply


sample kits
contact

schedule lunch & learn
request sample kit
detail database access


search




menu


menu

 






westbricks®sustainability, strength & variety - discover westbricks® with pozzotive®.a tradition of innovationspectra glaze®the beauty of a ceramic tile with the durability of concrete masonry.spectra glaze®the beauty of a ceramic tile with the durability of concrete masonry.glass plusrecycled glass that makes any wall an accent.spectra glaze®the beauty of a ceramic tile with the durability of concrete masonry.omni blockthe perfect solution when looking to cost-effectively improve the performance and aesthetics of your building envelope.omni blockthe perfect solution when looking to cost-effectively improve the performance and aesthetics of your building envelope.omni blockthe perfect solution when looking to cost-effectively improve the performance and aesthetics of your building envelope.westbricks®created with architects in mind. westbricks® provide a unique spectrum of colors, textures and sizes that add flexibility to any project.
sustainable 
we help turn glass bottles sitting in new york landfills into strong concrete blocks and bricks.
learn more

pozzotive pozzolan
pozzotive replaces up to 30% of the cement we use to make a concrete block. every ton of pozzotive saves about one ton of co2 emissions.
learn more

stronger & more useful
lab tests by the national concrete masonry association say that our blocks can handle roughly 3x more loading pressure per square inch than the industry standard.
learn more


featured products

westbrook concrete block is proud to introduce our newest additions to our masonry line:
spectra glaze, omni block,  and westbricks.
these offer more practical and striking design solutions for any building.


spectra glazeomni blockwestbricks
learn more


previousnext12345

benefits of using pozzotive® in architectural cmu:

meets and exceeds astm standards for astm c90 and astm c1634
stronger and denser, with lower permeability
environmentally responsible
contributes to sustainable construction
helps the project qualify for leed materials and resource credits

uses over 97% regionally harvested, extracted and manufactured materials.
learn more

follow a manual added linkabout us
from our humble beginnings in 1940, three generations of the orsina family have worked to make westbrook concrete block a leading national masonry supplier by developing a line of products in an unprecedented array of finishes and colors while also advancing sustainability and improving product performance.
innovation means more than just introducing a new product or providing a different spin on an industry standard. to us, innovation means striving to deliver the highest quality goods and creating unique, sustainable products that stand out and answer the needs of our customers in the construction and design communities.


2020 green initiativewestbrook concrete block is committed to sustainable construction and to helping define the future of the concrete masonry industry. westbrook concrete block’s 2020 green initiative is our commitment to providing the same high-quality products we have for over 70 years while limiting our carbon footprint.

pozzotive®pozzotive is a high-performance pozzolan made from 100% post-consumer recycled glass. glass is diverted from multiple post-consumer waste streams, including bottle redemption and curbside pickup, processed to remove all organics, and then milled to a precisely graded, powder-like substance in a size appropriate for portland cement replacement. pozzotive can be used in a multitude of our products, such as our structural grey cmu, along with our entire line of architectural cmu and westbricks.
with the introduction of pozzotive into our manufacturing process we have seen significant improvements in the quality of our cmu. this post-consumer material, while meeting or exceeding all astm standards, has created a stronger and denser cmu that provides a lower permeability rating than the industry standard.

innovationwe have been innovators in the concrete block industry for over 70 years, always searching for a way to improve the manufacturing process of the concrete masonry unit (cmu). we strive to meet the needs of our customers by responding to current architectural trends with the development of new finishes and products. with the introduction of spectra glaze by westbrook concrete block, omni block, and westbricks, we continue to be an innovator in the industry.




ready to get started?
schedule a lunch & learnclick here to arrange for one of our many aia-accredited continuing education courses.
request a sample kitour sample kits provide the starting point for viewing the actual colors and textures of our architectural cmu and mortar.

   

 resources

 project protection portal
landscape & masonry supply

request a sample kit if you’d like more information regarding our company or any of our complete line of architectural cmus.
learn more

contact 439 spencer plains road
p.o. box 700
westbrook, ct 06498
t. 860.399.6201
email: info@westbrookblock.com







© 2022 westbrook concrete block co., inc. all rights reserved :: 860.399.6201 






scroll to top


























































