









home - east/west industries













































































home
products 

all products
aircraft seats

fixed wing

operator
pilot/co-pilot


rotary wing

ch-53d/e caccs
ch-47 cccs
ch-53k troop seat
crashworthy vip seat
crashworthy utility seat
cargo ramp gunner seat (crgs)
mobility box troop seat (mbtss)
crashworthy ceiling stowable seat
improved troop seat
rotating & traversing crashworthy seat




emergency oxygen systems

eos
survival kits


aircraft structures

anti g
attachment fittings
harness adjusters
hoses and connectors


ground support equipment

master crane




services
capabilities
news & events 

news
events


about 

about
our history
awards


careers
supplier resources 

purchase order terms and conditions
supplier quality assurance requirements
manufacturing operation instruction
ew process codes
ew finish codes
ew approved finish and process vendors
fai instructions for suppliers
supplier focus training


contact us 

sales & contracts
product & technical information
human resources & employment
supply chain & vendors








































welcome






welcome to east/west industries.  we design, manufacture and support products that save aircrew lives, and we use this experience and expertise to function as a small prime contractor capable of solving complex problems. 
              
aerospace and defense customers everywhere count on us for engineering strength, manufacturing excellence, and innovation in equipment and services — and they trust us to never lose sight of what’s really important — saving aircrew lives.
              
east/west is proud to be a trusted provider of products for military and commercial customers that include the bell future long-range assault aircraft (flraa), and jrx 505, sikorsky s-97 raider™, boeing ch-47 chinook, sikorsky ch-53k, and sikorsky hh-60w combat rescue helicopter, among others.
              

it takes a lot to design and manufacture products that save aircrew lives. 
               we have what it takes. we do what it takes. whatever it takes.
please contact us today to discuss your needs and requirements.


a woman owned small business
                    celebrating over five decades of saving aircrew lives
                


quality policy 
east west industries strives to provide products and services that meet or exceed our customer’s requirements and expectations.
management at all levels is committed to the active participation of seeking objectives and goals that ensure continual improvement and provides solid programs.
east west ensures that all employees are trained and empowered to perform their job right the first time, on time, every time.






info



events
news
awards
certifications







vertical aviation international (verticon, formerly hai heli-expo), dallas, tx 
march 10-13 (booth 8655)



safe europe symposium, houten-utrecht, netherlands 
march 31-april 2 (booth tbd)



special operation forces week (sofweek), tampa, fl 
may 5-8 (attending)



army aviation of america association mission solutions summit (aaaa), nashville, tn 
may 14-16 (booth 753)



vertical flight society (vfs) forum 81, virginia beach, va 
may 20-22 (booth 516)

 


see all events








east/west industries, inc. selected by bell for future long range assault aircraft (flraa)... ronkonkoma, n.y., august 23, 2024 – east/west industries, inc., a leading global supplier of solutions designed for military and commercial...
read more 




east/west industries appoints new vice president...  
ronkonkoma, n.y., june 20, 2024 – east/west industries, a leading global aerospace supplier since 1968, is pleased to announce...
read more 




bae systems honors east/west industries with a ‘partner 2 win’ gold tier award... bae systems honors east/west industries with a ‘partner 2 win’ gold tier award
ronkonkoma, ny, may 17, 2024 - east/west industries,...
read more 



more news











boeing
                                supplier of the year 
                            






boeing
                                5-time boeing performance excellence award – gold
                            






boeing
                                formally boeing performance excellence award (bpea)
                            






sikorsky
                              gold supplier
                            


see all awards















our company







 more details...

about us





founded in 1968, east/west is globally recognized for design and manufacturing excellence and as a trusted provider of choice for the industry’s most innovative new aircraft.






 more details...

products





in addition to custom solutions, east/west delivers hundreds of seats, structures, oxygen systems, survival kits and the master crane® component hoisting system.







 more details...

support





our product support services encompass engineering, overhaul, refurbishment and upgrades, aqueous cleaning, sdlm and periodic maintenance, installations and training.






 more details...

capabilities





we are a small prime contractor, with capabilities that span the entire product life cycle, from engineering, manufacturing and quality, to logistics and product support.

















 






media


	            - brochures
                - videos
                - photo gallery
		- code of conduct


connect with us: 









supplier resources

                           - purchase order terms and conditions
			  - supplier quality assurance requirements
              - manufacturing operation instruction
			  - ew process codes			              
              - ew finish codes              
			  - ew approved finish and process vendors 



contact us


                    2002 orville drive north
                    ronkonkoma, ny 11779
                    phone: +1 631 981 5900
                    fax: +1 631 981 5990












© 2023 east/west industries, inc. all right reserved. | website by istar web solutions

















