


	book guided tours and travel packages uk and europe
 






































go






coach tours britain & irelandcoach tours of europecoach tours worldwidefaqblogaboutcontact


















 0330 912 2303
















 coach tours britain & ireland



 


coach tours of britain & ireland  
 browse all britain & ireland tours





 


all of britain and ireland tours
english coach tours
irish coach tours
welsh coach tours
scottish coach tours
london sightseeing tours




 


trafalgar britain and ireland tours
cie tours of britain and ireland
insight vacations tours of britain and ireland








 coach tours of europe



 


coach tours of europe  
 browse all europe tours





 


7-10 day multi country europe tours
11-30 day multi country europe tours
a month or longer multi country europe tours
italy 7-10 day coach tours
italy 11 day and longer coach tours
central and eastern europe tours
france spain portugal and morocco tours
scandinavia baltics & iceland tours




 


greece turkey egypt & israel tours
one way tours of europe
riviera travel river cruises
trafalgar tours of europe
insight tours of europe
europe winter tours 2024-2025
costsaver tours by trafalgar
contiki tours of europe for 18-35s








coach tours worldwide



 


coach tours worldwide     browse all world tours




 


usa tours
alaska tours
canada tours




 


south america - peru brazil chile tours
australia and new zealand tours
china japan & south east asia torus
india africa & middle east tours








 faq


blog


 about


 contact




















  




 +44 0330 912 2303      
                        click to 














i want to visit

anywhere
uk & ireland
europe
north america
worldwide






for

any length
less than 1 week
1-2 weeks
2-4 weeks
more than 4 weeks



departing

any month
february 2025
march 2025
april 2025
may 2025
june 2025
july 2025
august 2025
september 2025
october 2025
november 2025
december 2025
january 2026



search by operator or tour code









                            



















 
welcome to global coach tours - guided tour experts for over 25 years
 
fantastic savings for residents of the usa due to favourable $usd/£gbp exchange rates
 
hello from geoff and sue based in cornwall, the sunny south-west part of great britain. home to acclaimed british tv programmes poldark, doc martin, beyond paradise, plus films like fisherman's friends. the nearest land mass west of us is north america!
if you're looking for multi-day tours of europe with good reliable tour companies, you're in the right place. book a multi-country european tour with us or a guided tour travel package of britain, ireland, wales and scotland. whether you already live in the uk or elsewhere in the world, you can book tours with us to destinations worldwide, as well as river cruising and adventure tours.
nearly 15,000 travellers have had their dreams turned into reality over the past 25 years.
book online from anywhere, by phone or video call. you don't need to live in britain. no booking or credit card fees. we have an optionai instalment plan for tour payment at no extra cost.
we are the specialist tour agents who will take care of you with prompt personal service by email, phone and chat. 
 
trusted secure payments and atol protection. book from anywhere in the world and pay uk prices. we accept visa, mastercard and bank transfers.
 
sign up to our newsletter click here  try our new search tool click here
 
 









































































































popular europe tours from london
multi country europe 7-10 days
multi country europe 11-30 days
european experience 12 days
european highlights 7 days
europe taster 7 days











best selling tours of europe



glimpse of europe 7 days
european highlights 7 days
europe escape 12 days
european whirl 12 days
european cavalcade 18 days


 












most popular uk tours

britain and ireland 12 days
best of britain 11 days
great britain 7 days
britain and ireland 16 days
gems of britain 5 days












top 5 italy tours

jewels of italy 7 days
italian lakes 8 days
london to rome 8 days
italian holiday 7 days
splendours of italy 13 days
 




















destinations
tours and river cruising
































uk - britain and ireland tours
discover britain & ireland with our guided tour packages.
read more












ireland tours
guided tours of ireland with the best tour companies
read more












scotland tours
scotland tours from london, edinburgh and glasgow with expert guides
read more






















europe multi-country tours
visit france, netherlands, belgium, switzerland and more in one tour
read more












scandinavia tours
nordic capitals; copenhagen, oslo, stockholm and helsinki, the norwegian fjord region.
read more












eastern europe tours
eastern europe tour packages to prague, budapest, dubrovnik, poland and more
read more






















tours of canada
the rockies, vancouver, toronto, niagara, calgary, montreal and more.
read more












tours of italy
tours to rome, venice, tuscany, sicily, florence
read more












south america tours
an escorted tour is the best way to explore south america.
read more






















usa tours
new york - "the big apple", boston, washington, philadelphia
read more












france and spain tours
best france and spain tours plus portugal and morocco
read more












europe river cruises
a selection of the finest and best value river cruises
read more








































































































some of our tour operator partners

                  

 















why use global coach tours to book your guided coach tour?
book and compare escorted tours the easy way. our speciality is guided holidays which are multi-day tours of several countries and in-depth regional touring of italy, france, spain, uk, ireland, scandinavia and many more.
view a huge selection of tours
we offer the uk, europe multi country vacations, usa, canada and world wide. first class european and britain tours. budget europe and uk tours. premium and luxury first class tours. tours of ireland. whatever guided tour experience you are looking for, global coach tours will help you find it.
tours include coach travel, hotels and sightseeing with experienced guides and tour directors. a fully escorted coach tour vacation is unbeatable value. we’ve selected only the best escorted tour operators with high satisfaction ratings from previous guest. uk and european tours include breakfasts and some dinners.
the best tour companies
our preferred tour partners are trafalgar tours, insight vacations, luxury gold, contiki tours, costsaver, cosmos tours and cruises, leger holidays, cie tours, riviera travel, travelsphere, titan travel, expat explore, cox and kings, backroads touring, newmarket holidays, explore, g adventures, saga, intrepid, kuoni, apt, exodus and shearings.
we are based in great britain and accept reservations from anywhere in the world. many of our customers are from the usa, canada, australia, new zealand, south africa, malaysia, singapore, middle east, india and south america.
25 years experience
we've been advising and arranging fully guided coach holidays via the internet for over 25 years. tell us what's important to you about your tour. chat and video chat with us via skype, whatsapp, facebook, email or phone. book by phone or on-line via the "dates and rates" page with each tour. to finalise your coach tour booking, you can pay online or phone our coach tour reservations line.
a coach trip with us is a safe, sociable and environmentally friendly way to travel. coach trips appeal to couples, singles and families. most of our tours are for all age groups, although children under 5 are excluded. cosmos have a minimum age of 8. other operators have higher minimum ages.  ask for details.
contiki tours are very popular with 18-35s as they are exclusively for that age group. 
all coach tours are sold in british pounds gbp. we can give you a quote in your currency for illustration purposes. we will charge your card in gbp and your bank will convert into your currency at current exchange rates.
personal service
do you need help finding your coach tour? we will be very happy to help you find your ideal coach tour that fits your dates and budget. phone, email or skype us for fast and friendly help. guided tours by bus will make the best use of your vacation time and you will see more than you ever would on your own. you will marvel at the sights and the knowledge of expert guides and tour directors who will both inform and entertain you. from your comfortable air conditioned coach seat much higher above the road than a car, the views will come to life through the panoramic windows. tours are not just looking at the scenery, they are in depth experiences. taste the local cuisine, try the wine and much more.

























































































 
 
     










 
 global coach tours ltd is a company registered in england and wales with company number: 4607685
director g. monk vat number 690 1270 49
cornwall, england










        
    













copyright 2025 by global coach tours
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use


 



















