


jewellery making classes, training and workshops including silversmithing and metal clay.


















home

latest news


our courses

dates & prices
cain corners
metal clay 
home study
rio rewards
masterclasses
private tuition
testimonials
code of practice
assurance process
cancellation policy


home study diploma

grade 1 info
bonus info gr 1 
grade 2 info
grade 3 info
video samples
buying options
support centres
code of practice
assurance process


tutorials

sterling mc


weddings

ring making process 
testimonials
request a quote
hen parties


about us

testimonials
accommodation
contact us 







welcome to the mid cornwall school of jewellery
we are currently on hiatus in order to explore some exciting new projects.
classes are suspended for now and we'll be back to 
share our progress with you in the future. 

important announcement from mid cornwall school of jewellery
30th may 2023
the mcsj silver metal clay diploma home study course is now closed to new admissions and further sales.
students with outstanding work have a further two years (until june 1st 2025) to submit items for assessment and award of certificates.
no further work will be assessed after that time.
advice is still available to help you complete your work before the deadline via the private mcsj home study support group on facebook or via email info@mcsj.co.uk
we’ve enjoyed our many years of service in this arena and wish you all well with your future endeavours.
warm regards,
lisa cain
founding director


welcome to the mid cornwall school of jewellery


new studio 
we are updating this and will be launching a new website. please check our contact page for our new address. 

new studio  

here you will find a wide range of jewellery making training classes and courses of varying lengths, from single days and weekends through to classes lasting a couple of weeks. whether you are a complete jewellery making beginner or a seasoned pro', we have a class for you. the jewellery school is based near st austell in cornwall, uk and all jewellery making classes run in our well equipped workshop.
silver metal clay diploma
this is also the home of the diploma in silver metal clay proficiency, the first independent qualification for working with metal clay. it's the most thorough and comprehensive metal clay qualification in the world and is completely brand neutral, meaning you'll learn to work with both brands of silver metal clay.
private classes
we've added some case studies of students who had private jewellery making classes here at the school. this way of learning jewellery making is becoming more and more popular as people want to learn as much as possible in the shortest time. it also means you can tailor the classes to meet your specific jewellery making needs. read more here... 
our staff
our friendly and knowledgeable staff will make you feel at home and introduce you to new jewellery making skills, allowing you to realise your personal or professional goals. all our staff have signed up to our teaching code of practice, giving you complete peace of mind when choosing jewellery making classes from us.
we bring in the top teachers from around the world for our master class programme. students from the uk and europe now have the chance to learn from some of the most experienced and innovative artists, jewellers and teachers without having to travel too far.
our students
click here to see a map showing how far our students have travelled to take jewellery making classes with us.
we'd love to welcome you to our jewellery school, please explore our site and see what we have to offer using the tabs at the top of the page. 
 


see the latest news from mcsj here 





we've got big news
see the latest news from mcsj here 

head over to our news page to read about the largest vessel ever made in silver metal clay.
world class innovation at mcsj.
study with the best.
master class 2017-18
metal clay master-clasp, the keyhole
learn to make a keyhole clasp pendant in this 3 day masterclass with lisa cain.

recent clasp creations by mcsj director, lisa cain.
you'll have a variety of designs, textures and embellishments to choose from to create your own unique pendant.
lisa will demonstrate various techniques used to build the body of the clasp, including seamless flush~sided construction, overhanging lid & base or lentil bead.
we'll be working with '960' (making our own mix of silver and sterling clay for strength) and using pmc flex clay.
lisa will explain the delicate art of soldering snake chain as well as a variety of design options for your 'key' end.
you'll also learn how to solder 18ct gold to your silver and how to add 23ct gold using the ancient korean technique, "keum~bo".

recent clasp creations by mcsj director, lisa cain.
the finish we choose will be discussed in depth and will be carefully tailored for each pendant.
with attention to detail, plenty of tips to ensure a professional standard and a focus on high quality finishing, you'll go home with skills you can use forever and a pendant to be proud of.
not suitable for beginners
you must have a basic understanding of soldering and some experience of working with silver clay.



clasp side views.

dates

january 13,14,15th 

february 14,15,16th

april 18,19,20th

august 6,7,8th

november 11,12,13th
cost £450
the cost includes gold embellishments, snake chain and ball 'key' plus enough clay to complete a minimum of one pendant.
please note ~ you're welcome to bring extra silver clay with you to make more pendants but supplies of gold embellishments are limited per person.




 

the jewellery school is based in cornwall, uk and all jewellery making classes run in our well equipped workshop. 


sign up for our email newsletter    







contact us on +44 (0)783 310 5744 or email us
useful links



















please send any comments or suggestions about this website to the webmaster


©mcsj 2012


privacy statement








