






 



serving the big bend - big bend cares
















































































































skip to content



(850) 656-2437about ushistory meet our team board of directors  non-profit services sponsors careers contact us top barinstagram page opens in new windowfacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new window


big bend cares
serving the big bend area

hiv care & servicesabout hiv get started programs & services education & prevention testing request an hiv self-test kit  get involvedevents calendar artopia tallahassee aids walk holiday angels volunteer become a board member  stay connectedcommunity newsletter news and updates  support usgem club your gift matters donate  
donate todaygive monthly
search:
search










 
hiv care & servicesabout hiv get started programs & services education & prevention testing request an hiv self-test kit  get involvedevents calendar artopia tallahassee aids walk holiday angels volunteer become a board member  stay connectedcommunity newsletter news and updates  support usgem club your gift matters donate  







give monthlyjoin our newsletter!care & servicespartnershipwe provide education and 
comprehensive support to 
people infected with or who 
are affected by hiv/aids
in the big bend region.we are fortunate to have 
partnerships & relationships 
with quality businesses 
helping us to achieve our 
mission every day.serving 
8 counties in
the big bend
find servicesgadsden, jefferson, leon, liberty, 
madison, franklin, taylor, & wakulla give monthlyjoin our newsletterpartnershipscare & servicesserving 8 counties
in the big bend  find servicesfind care & servicesi'm hiv positive. now what?you are not alone. big bend cares is here to support you.need advice? view programs & services.big bend cares also provides free and confidential rapid testing for hiv and syphilis.confidential. free hiv testing.know your status in as little as 30 minutes. call 850-354-8765 to schedule an appointment.our impactin 2024, big bend cares was able to provide the following to gadsden, jefferson, leon, liberty, madison, franklin, taylor, and wakulla counties:


0clients served


0food bags distributed


0units of transportation provided


0prescriptions provided


0clients received housing assistanceways to help


donate funds   


volunteer   


become a community partner   


attend a fundraising event   


become a board member   upcoming events 
news and updates


it's december, and health advocates are raising awareness about hiv and aids   


make plans to join the 34th annual tallahassee aids walk   


hiv stigma “is finally on the decline,” glaad reports   food bags and self-test kits supported bystay connectedfacebook


big bend cares2 days agothe window period for an #hiv test is the time between exposure and when a test can detect hiv. 

learn more about the window period for different hiv tests:  http://cdc.gov/hiv/testing/index.html

#hivbasicsview on facebookbig bend cares3 days agofor immediate release

big bend cares / care point celebrates 40 years with leadership transition

big bend cares / care point is proud to celebrate its 40th anniversary of providing comprehensive care and promoting sexual health for individuals with hiv/aids across the eight-county region surrounding tallahassee.

as part of this milestone, the board of directors is pleased to announce amber r. tynan as the agency’s next ceo. following a nationwide search that garnered over 100 applicants and included a rigorous two-interview process, the board’s decision to remain local paid off with the selection of ms. tynan, whose extensive leadership experience and community insight uniquely qualify her to guide the organization into its next chapter. ms. tynan will join big bend cares / care point as president on april 1, 2025, and assume the official role of ceo on october 1, 2025.

after serving as ceo for the past 20 years, rob renzi will step into a long-planned retirement. reflecting on his tenure and the upcoming change, renzi stated, “it has been an immense privilege to lead this organization over the past 20 years. i am confident that our careful planning and the passion of our team will continue to drive excellence in care and innovation as we transition to new leadership." 

expressing her enthusiasm about the new role, incoming president amber r. tynan commented,
"i am deeply honored to join big bend cares / care point at such a pivotal moment. i look forward to building on our proud legacy and furthering our mission to enhance community health and wellbeing through strategic, compassionate care." 

board president amy thorn added,
"amber’s exceptional background and commitment to our community made her the clear choice. we are excited for the future and confident that this leadership transition will not only preserve our legacy but also propel us to new heights in service and impact." 

for additional information about big bend cares / care point, please visit bigbendcares.org or carepointwellness.com.11view on facebookbig bend cares4 days agoartopia is powered by you! art pieces from the community, make up the body of our auction, so each year we send out the call for donations. if you want to contribute your art, or want to rehome a piece you've had, we would love to hear from you! bigbendcares.org/artopia4view on facebook


instagram


big bend cares2 days agothe window period for an #hiv test is the time between exposure and when a test can detect hiv. 

learn more about the window period for different hiv tests:  http://cdc.gov/hiv/testing/index.html

#hivbasicsview on facebookbig bend cares3 days agofor immediate release

big bend cares / care point celebrates 40 years with leadership transition

big bend cares / care point is proud to celebrate its 40th anniversary of providing comprehensive care and promoting sexual health for individuals with hiv/aids across the eight-county region surrounding tallahassee.

as part of this milestone, the board of directors is pleased to announce amber r. tynan as the agency’s next ceo. following a nationwide search that garnered over 100 applicants and included a rigorous two-interview process, the board’s decision to remain local paid off with the selection of ms. tynan, whose extensive leadership experience and community insight uniquely qualify her to guide the organization into its next chapter. ms. tynan will join big bend cares / care point as president on april 1, 2025, and assume the official role of ceo on october 1, 2025.

after serving as ceo for the past 20 years, rob renzi will step into a long-planned retirement. reflecting on his tenure and the upcoming change, renzi stated, “it has been an immense privilege to lead this organization over the past 20 years. i am confident that our careful planning and the passion of our team will continue to drive excellence in care and innovation as we transition to new leadership." 

expressing her enthusiasm about the new role, incoming president amber r. tynan commented,
"i am deeply honored to join big bend cares / care point at such a pivotal moment. i look forward to building on our proud legacy and furthering our mission to enhance community health and wellbeing through strategic, compassionate care." 

board president amy thorn added,
"amber’s exceptional background and commitment to our community made her the clear choice. we are excited for the future and confident that this leadership transition will not only preserve our legacy but also propel us to new heights in service and impact." 

for additional information about big bend cares / care point, please visit bigbendcares.org or carepointwellness.com.11view on facebookbig bend cares4 days agoartopia is powered by you! art pieces from the community, make up the body of our auction, so each year we send out the call for donations. if you want to contribute your art, or want to rehome a piece you've had, we would love to hear from you! bigbendcares.org/artopia4view on facebook



click the icon to share this page:









contact us

big bend cares
2200 & 2201 s. monroe st.
tallahassee, fl 32301
850.656.2437 tel
850.942.6402 faxfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowabout us about us history meet our team board of directorshiv care & services about hiv how to get started programs & services education & preventionget involved events calendar artopia tallahassee aids walk holiday angels volunteer sponsors become a board member 














go to top


translate »




















 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset












































