 












home | graduate division
















        skip to main content
      




university of california, santa barbara





                            contact
                            



                            apply
                            



                            faculty
                            

give
quick links



























uc santa barbara graduate division





toggle navigation








search



search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    






main navigation


about us 

about the graduate division
contact information
graduate division staff directory
initiatives and programs
about uc santa barbara
news, awards, and announcements




our services 

overview
admissions, outreach, and diversity initiatives
academic services
student financial support
mentorship & inclusivity
professional development




graduate programs 

graduate programs overview
departments




preparing for graduate school 

how to plan for grad school: a checklist
ucsb academic research consortium (arc)
outreach fairs & webinars schedule
schedule a campus visit
international applicants




how to apply 

application & admissions checklist
faqs for applicants
how to complete the online application
types of applicants
guidance for international applicants
admitted applicants: what's next?




funding grad school 

how do i pay for grad school?
fees & costs




resources 

admitted applicants: what's next?
mentoring guidelines
housing, health, and other needs
find mentors and connections
graduate career services
alumni
postdoctoral scholar resources



graduate statistics





information for


graduate division services


forms and petitions


important deadlines


commencement


alumni & friends






give
contact
apply
faculty











this could be your moment.
find your path at uc santa barbara through over 50 graduate master's and doctoral programs. learn about our admissions requirements and resources by signing up for an admissions webinar. if you're ready to apply, fill out our online application.
apply now
list of graduate programs







home
















are you applying for graduate school at ucsb?
apply now

plan for grad school choose degree complete online application funding


applicant faqschedule a campus visit












sign up for grad slam 2025!
grad slam is an annual event that spotlights the graduate students' research by presenting it in 3-minute talks that are evaluated for accessibility, organization, delivery, and engagement.
hear what peter mage, our first ever grad slam winner, has to say about his experience.
apply here

















about the graduate division
the graduate division promotes excellence in graduate education and ensures our graduate students are successful and prepared for careers across the professional spectrum. stellar graduate students attract world-class faculty, serve as mentors and teachers for undergraduates, conduct cutting-edge research, and go on to leadership positions in california, the united states, and the world.











a dynamic environment 
take a short video tour of key locations on campus for graduate students, with views of isla vista and santa barbara. 

campus communities
departments
virtual tours

contact admissions and outreach for more.
















"i am motivated every day to gradually improve in every aspect of my life as a graduate researcher, teaching assistant, mentor, and in my roles and activities outside of academia. this has allowed me to build an open, curious, and optimistic mindset that has served me well in grad school and beyond. i look forward to each day and the opportunities that it brings to become a better person."
gear icon uc santa barbara
neeli tummala
ph.d. candidate, electrical and computer engineering
researcher, re touch lab 
 












"my values, family, community, being a life-long learner, and commitment to social justice motivate my aspirations in life. pursuing a ph.d. is beyond accomplishing a milestone but rather being able to be part of a movement that moves towards access and equity for minoritized communities."
house with leaf icon uc santa barbara
veronica franco
ph.d. student, counseling psychology
apa minority fellow 2020 - 2021
 


































graduate division
3117 cheadle hall
santa barbara, california 93106-2070

connect




                                                    instagram



                          
                                                    tiktok


                                                    gradpost








helpful links

departments & programs



forms and petitions



policies and disclosures



rights and responsibilities








information for

future graduate students



newly admitted students



commencement



alumni & friends



grad slam













copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved. terms of use accessibility










