











aziza restaurant in san francisco














































 

 







				sorry, you have javascript disabled! to see this page as it is meant to appear, please enable your javascript!
			



















home
buy the book
philosophy
food
cocktails
wine
farmers
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 









what happened to aziza?

our favorite restaurant in san francisco is closed!

read details further below.
you can visit aziza’s sister restaurant mourad here.












one michelin star

 
2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014
 

 

 
 





3.5 stars

 
michael bauer
the san francisco chronicle
 

 

 
 





michael bauer

“aziza remans by far the best moroccan restaurant in the city.”

 

 
 





joe jarrell

“wide smiles emanate throught aziza’s spacious & upscale design, and the only tough decision is which fantastic house cocktail to select..”

 

 
 
 
 
 



one of the best restaurants in all of san francisco remains closed at this time, but as huge fans of aziza, we are hopeful and patiently waiting its return. we do not want people to forget this fantastic restaurant so we revived the website to remind you of its fantastic food, drink, and ambiance.
let’s hope chef mourad lahlou is successful in bringing back his baby!
 
 
 
 




aziza restuarant in san francisco – history and current status
aziza is a restaurant built by owner-chef mourad lahlou, a moroccan-born american. the menu features modern moroccan cuisine that blends traditional foods with ingredients common to the california. that approach made aziza one of the best kept secrets in the bay area. that all changed when lahlou landed an appearance on iron chef. aziza was now earning national attention, but since, the restaurant has closed, and some fear for good.
 
a brief history
to understand what aziza is all about consider that many food experts consider lahlou to be the father of modern moroccan cuisine. moroccan cuisine has many influences, but at some point, it stopped evolving and became less appealing outside and even within its own region. lahlou changed this by introducing modern concepts while staying true to what made the cuisine moroccan. soon after opening, aziza became a top restaurant in the city and eventually became michelin-starred.
 
time for an update
with the appearance on iron chef came fame among foodies. out-of-towners weren’t just visiting based on word of mouth. they were going out of their way to experience aziza. although relatively young itself, the restaurant was located in an old building. it was definitely due some renovations and modernizations, and lahlou figured what better time than this period of great success. it was a gamble to close his doors at this point, but he’d already opened a second restaurant in the area, and when renovations were finished, he’d be able to seat more diners and deliver a better dining experience.
 
renovation takes longer than expected
closure of the 15-year-old restaurant was scheduled to take two months, which is time lahlou would use to focus on mourad, his restaurant downtown. but two months became three, then five, and here we are more than a year later. aziza is still closed, but the twist is that the originally planned renovations are completed. aziza is ready to open, but san francisco won’t let it happen.
 
the problem: aziza is no longer grandfathered
restaurant codes change over time. this happens in san francisco and most municipalities throughout the u.s. as these codes evolve, existing businesses are grandfathered. grandfather clauses often make established restaurants exempt or at least give them an extended period in which to comply. san francisco allows existing businesses to close for up to two months. after two months, they’re considered new businesses and must meet the requirements of a new business. it’s no coincidence that lahlou planned a two-month renovation, but when construction took longer than expected, he was on the hook for numerous upgrades that he couldn’t justify. so, the restaurant remains closed.
 
what comes next
lahlou and his lawyer are currently navigating the application process for historical sites. if the city grants aziza and the building that status, then certain concessions are made, and many of the upgrades required by law could be avoided. if the status is declined, lahlou would have to finance the upgrades or abandon the restaurant. the chef-owner has said, “there’s no [bleeping] way i’m not bringing aziza back,” but fans of the restaurant will just have to wait and see.
 
 
 
 



about aziza
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
farmers
by aziza fan  |  dec 3, 2022  |  about aziza supports local sustainable agriculture by purchasing our materials directly from local farms, ranches & orchards who are committed to sound & wholesome habits. to learn more about these farms & their growing practices, visit the cuesa links...

 

 
 
 
cocktail menu
by aziza fan  |  sep 24, 2022  |  about aziza cocktail menu
 

 
 
 
food menu
by aziza fan  |  sep 24, 2022  |  about aziza food menu
 

 
 
 
mourad new moroccan book
by aziza fan  |  sep 27, 2020  |  about mourad new moroccan book
 

 
 
 
groups
by aziza fan  |  jul 18, 2017  |  about how prix fixe works for parties of eight guests & larger, a prix fixe tasting menu is selected for the entire party. the prix fixe menu is created by the chef specifically tailored for your party on the day of the event. the portions are designed for family-style...

 

 
 
 
aziza wine list
by aziza fan  |  jul 18, 2017  |  about aziza wine list
 
 
 
 
 



past aziza mentions in the press
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
san francisco chronicle – ‘top 10 restaurants’
by aziza fan    |  press san francisco chronicle - 'top 10 restaurants'
 

 
 
 
san francisco chronicle – ‘dining update: aziza’s changes prove appetizing’
by aziza fan    |  press san francisco chronicle - 'dining update: aziza's changes prove appetizing'
 

 
 
 
san francisco magazine – ‘dining review’
by aziza fan    |  press san francisco magazine - 'dining review'
 

 
 
 
7×7 – ‘marrakech in the fog’
by aziza fan    |  press 7x7 - 'marrakech in the fog'
 

 
 
 
contra costa times – ‘authentic or not, aziza dazzles from a to z’
by aziza fan    |  press contra costa times - 'authentic or not, aziza dazzles from a to z'
 

 
 
 
marin independent journal – ‘star chef: morrocan cuisine with a hint of california’
by aziza fan    |  press marin independent journal - 'star chef: morrocan cuisine with a hint of california'
 

 
 
 
san francisco chronicle – ‘top 100 restaurants’
by aziza fan    |  press san francisco chronicle - 'top 100 restaurants'
 

 
 
 
where magazine – ‘eat petite – little bites make it big’
by aziza fan    |  press where magazine - 'eat petite - little bites make it big'
 

 
 
 
san francisco business times – ‘aziza – food like mom used to make back in marrakech’
by aziza fan    |  press san francisco business times - 'aziza - food like mom used to make back in marrakech'
 
 
 
 



california resources



visit our friends below!
we support the california safe schools coalition.
we support urbanecology.org based in san francisco.  also visit ecosystemgardening.com for eco-friendly gardening tips and tricks.
 
 
 

food & travel



if you are in the washington d.c. area, be sure to grab a bite at the mitsitam cafe featuring authentic native dishes from all over north america.
visit the nearby heronswood gardens outside of seattle where you can see a wide variety of plants, flowers, and trees from all over the world.
the chicago traveler provides great food recommendations in chicago.
 
 
 
 
 
 




contact us





if you have any news on aziza’s relaunch, post it below!


			we are hoping aziza will return to san francisco soon, if you have any information, submit your comments below!


 
 
 
 
 


 
leave a comment below!
 
submit your reviewname: email: review title: rating: 12345review:   check this box to confirm you are human.submit     cancelcreate your own reviewaverage rating:   0 reviews
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




    
 


aziza
press
location
reserve
groups
terms & conditions
privacy policy
disclaimer
contact
 
 



  

 
 
 
7ads6x98y
















