












department of global studies - uc santa barbara
























skip to main content





university of california, santa barbara













 


department of global studies - uc santa barbara





main menuaboutresearchundergraduatemastersphdnews & eventspeoplegivediversitysearch



























  
  
 global studies faculty retreat 2023
 
  



  
  
 book launch party for professor clitandre with guest writer edwidge danticat (may, 2019)
 
  



  
  
 professor anshu malhotra hosts the kapany conference, may 2022
 
  



  
  
 ma graduate students visit direct relief
 
  



  
  
 mellon sawyer seminar refugio state beach field trip 2019 (photo by: emily roehl)
 
  



  
  
 ucsb global studies professor alison brysk hosts 2018 mellichamp-orfalea human rights workshop
 
  





 







welcome to global studies at ucsb
when ucsb’s pioneering global & international studies program was established in early 1999, it was widely recognized as one of the nation's first interdisciplinary undergraduate majors in international studies to focus on globalization. the gisp program has now expanded to become the department of global studies and has added a highly successful masters program in global studies, an influential phd in global studies, and a phd emphasis for students in other departments. 
global studies is an interdisciplinary field dedicated to understanding globalization as a multidimensional, multi-level and historical process. global studies bridges social science and humanistic approaches to analyze the social, cultural, political, environmental, and economic consequences of global flows, institutions, and processes. global studies scholarship is motivated by engagement with contemporary transnational social problems across multiple theoretical perspectives and methodologies.
about the department
 

















ucsb global studies department statement on withholding grades
 
the faculty of the global studies department at the university of california santa barbara supports the 2022 uaw strike of academic workers represented by uaw 2865, uaw 5810, and sru-uaw. uc graduate workers, postdoctoral scholars, and academic researchers make our core missions of research and education possible. systemic changes to address cost of living crises that affect student accessibility and opportunity within the uc system are long overdue.
 
the global studies department faculty members express their support of these workers, and stand in solidarity with the strikers. we will not perform—or hire others to perform—work that would ordinarily be done by a striking graduate student, postdoc, or researcher. we pledge grade withholding and grade submission for the fall 2022 quarter, in solidarity with faculty who cannot post grades without graduate labor. in addition, as we affirmed in our last statement, we will not engage in retaliation based on academic workers' participation or non-participation in strike activities in all matters under our direct control, and we will publicly oppose unlawful retaliation measures against either striking students or faculty respecting the picket line, should these be proposed by the university.
 
 









 
research

energy justice in global perspective 2018-19 mellon sawyer seminar
orfalea center for global & international studies
mellichamp global studies research initiative
journal of environment and development
environment and planning d: society and space
religion and social change in a global world - blog
sikh and punjab studies
society of global scholars
global spheres journal

more global studies research
 










news




 global studies prof. vladimir hamed-troyansky's new book: empire of refugees 
  
 read the full article here: https://news.ucsb.edu/in-focus/new-book-reveals-ottoman-origins-refugee-resettlement-middle-east
 
  


 global studies ma & phd program information sessions 

 
rsvp for nov 6 session
rsvp for nov 30 session
  
  


 congratulations to dr. vladimir hamed-troyansky on the stanford humanities center fellowship! 
  
  ... 
  


 








 












department of global studies
		social sciences & media studies, 2nd floor
		uc santa barbara 93106-7065
undergraduate: (805) 893-7860
		graduate: (805) 893-4668
		fax: (805) 893-8003
department directory
campus maps



college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




