



hiddenbrooke community online














































































hiddenbrooke community online











 









menu

 


home
homeowners assoc.
management
harc
cc&r
hid
hmdac
phonebook
faqs

































































about the hiddenbrooke community 



hiddenbrooke (vallejo, ca) is a beautiful master-planned community in the north bay located just off i-80 at the american canyon/hiddenbrooke parkway interchange. the 1200 homes are surrounded by 700 acres of permanent open space, and the community includes the signature arnold palmer designed hiddenbrooke golf course. minutes away from the napa and sonoma wine region, 30 minutes to berkeley and walnut creek, and only an hour drive or ferry ride to san francisco means residents can live outside the central bay area but still enjoy easy access to all its amenities. this website is maintained by the hiddenbrooke property owners association (hpoa) and includes helpful information for residents, potential new owners, and renters including the “rules” for the community (covenants, conditions, and restrictions), architectural and landscape guidelines, information about upcoming meetings and current events, as well as many other topics. we make every effort to keep the information current, but updates may lag a little behind changes in information.  














what's new

always be prepared!it helps to be prepared! click here to read our disaster preparedness plan to keep us safe.********we have made some updates to the design guidelines:chapter 4 – architectural design guidelines chapter 5 – landscape guidelineschapter 7 – submittal process********maintenance of the hiddenbrooke golf course ponds/wetlandsread more about it here.********click here to download important phone numbers to keep on your fridge.







upcoming meetings

hpoa no open meetingin novembernext open meeting feb 26, 2025check back for meeting agendaclick here for the zoom linkzoom meeting id: 854 3391 8862zoom meeting passcode: 529558you can also dial in using your phone: 1-669-444-9171******next harc meetingdue to illness, the next harc meeting had to be rescheduled to wednesday, jan 14 at 7 pm via zoomclick here for future hpoa and harc scheduled meetings.







hb community events

holiday lighting contest  as in previous years our hb residents went all out with their holiday displays to be enjoyed by all. first, second, and third prizes will be awarded. judges will consider:a) unique design and creative use of lights and decorations.b) storyline or themec) display and placement of decorationsclick here to see the wonderful displays.







misc.vallejo and nearby events

visit vallejo event calendargvrd event calendarevents | solano land trust | solano countyloma vista farma place to connect with animals and plants for the whole family to enjoy.hpoa does not endorse the events but want to share what is happening in vallejo and the surrounding communities.







key cc&r reminders

key cc&r reminders hpoa compliance program & fines update our compliance program is designed to protect our property values.  properties that are not well maintained are a problem for all of us.  we have inspections monthly.  fines for violations are expensive. once fines start, they will continue until the problem is fixed.  please see the “compliance program and fines schedule” approved by the board in march 2024.







landscape maintenance topics

parkway update:this major project is complete, and the parkway looks terrific! we appreciate all the hard work done by mcguire and hester. they will be back off & on for a couple of months to monitor the irrigation system and to replace plants as needed.  who to callnot sure who to call for any landscape-related issues? the person to contact varies depending on which neighborhood you live in. please consult maps first. if your home is located within areas maintained by the city of vallejo, please call the lmd inspector of vallejo james olson at (707) 649-3417 to voice your concerns or report any problems. thank you.







rules for maintaining front yards

click here for rules for maintaining front yards







meeting minutes

hpoa and harc meeting minutes for the last 5 years.if you are looking for minutes further back please email us at hpoaboard@protonmail.com







info for buyers, realtors & renters

information for buyers and realtors information for renters







phonebook

here are some important phone numbers for the hiddenbrooke community







hb developments and their streets

click here for a list of hoas and their street names







hiddenbrooke maps

map of streets of hiddenbrookemap of hiddenbrooke maintenance district — neighborhoods showing areas maintained by the hiddenbrooke maintenance district (hmd) and the hiddenbrooke golf club.







other documents and forms of interest

click here to access the other documents and forms page





































hiddenbrooke property 
owners association, inc. 



the hiddenbrooke property owners association, inc. (hpoa) is a mandatory association of hiddenbrooke property owners in vallejo, ca. the organization was formed in november 2005 by a majority vote of 1,200+ hiddenbrooke property owners based upon cc&rs recorded by the master developer. hpoa is a california non-profit mutual benefit corporation and operates under california corporate law. unlike many homeowner’s associations, hpoa does not own any common area property. 






learn more











 

































 



hiddenbrooke architectural review committee (harc) 



the hiddenbrooke architectural review committee (harc) is the entity in the cc&rs to ensure that the goals in the hiddenbrooke landscape and design guidelines are fulfilled. the intent of these guidelines is to maintain a memorable community image with… 






learn more











 



hiddenbrooke maintenance district advisory committee (hmdac) 



the hiddenbrooke maintenance district (hmd) takes care of the landscape along hiddenbrooke parkway including the portion within napa county and the slopes around the plaza, the waterfall at the entrance, the gazebo park area, the toddler play area, the benches near the… 






learn more











 



hiddenbrooke improvement district advisory committee (hidac) 



									the hiddenbrooke improvement district (hid) was created by the city in 1998 to fund municipal capital infrastructure improvements in the valley (streets, streetlights, water, sewer, etc.).
								













learn more



















 







disclaimer:  
information presented on this website is collected, maintained, and provided for the convenience of hiddenbrooke owners, buyers, and sellers by members of the mandatory hiddenbrooke property owners association, inc. while every effort is made to keep such information accurate and up-to-date, the association does not certify the accuracy of any information that is provided on this website. we encourage all who read it to do their own research and/or obtain their own advice from their legal advisors.
































 






community showcase

 



compliments of former resident ann baldwin 






view here











contact us 







 
hpoaboard@protonmail.com





 
harc - hharc@protonmail.com





 
realmanage - (866) 473-2573





 
golf course - (707) 558-0330





 
welcome center - (707) 694-1530





 
city of vallejo lmd inspector mr. james olson




 
webmaster - (707) 853-0702










legal 






privacy policy




terms & conditions
















copyright © 2025 hiddenbrooke community online | powered by hiddenbrooke community online








 





dear hiddenbrooke residents, 
the current hb disaster preparedness plan will be part of a discussion by the vallejo fire dept at our next hpoa zoom meeting feb 26 at 7pm.

click the image below to download the disaster preparedness plan.



























