





nancy schimmel's children's music, animal songs & science songs


sisters’ choice: science songs, animal songs, childrens music





 


 
 

 
storytelling:

nancy schimmel

 
 

 
malvina

reynolds

 
 

 
 

malvina reynolds

song lyrics

(ear to the ground)

 
 

 
books & recordings: childrens music, science songs, animal songs, and more

song clips

 
 

 
songs from: 
that's not fair
teacherworkshop


 
 

 
nancy schimmel songs: audio and lyrics



 
 

 
nancy schimmel poems



 
 

 
sun, sun shine:

lyrics and activities



 
 

 
the green songbook

 
 


 
environmental parodies

 
 

 


sunflower project(kids' gardening)

 
 

 


stories

 
 


 
 

video: handsome prince
  
story by nancy schimmel
origami instructions pdf for story  

free download: these three malvina reynolds songbooks are now available as free pdf's.
the malvina reynolds songbook
there's music in the air
	  tweedles and foodles for young noodles 

new song video: i don't recall:    watch here 


first new album of children’s songs 
    by nancy schimmel in two decades! 
free download






 
  malvina reynolds childrens music cd  is on youtube here

occupella   
occupella started with song circles at bay area occupation sites and now leads singing at demonstrations, marches and bart stations for peace, justice, the environment and an end to corporate domination. we have singable parodies and updates of familiar songs on our website, occupella.org. you may download and use them at no charge. besides our general collection, we have a no fossil fuel songbook and a new black lives matter songbook to download.  we also have a calendar and contact information.

    music has the power to build spirit, foster a sense of unity, convey messages and emotions, spread information, and bring joy to participants and audience alike. 
occupella: singing in the lifeboats book now available.


story lists
list of traditional stories about peace and war
list of folktales with active heroines
list of folktales with adoption

themes 
list of ecology stories to tell
list of bilingual ecology

books for children 
list of environment song

audio tapes for children
list of books with rhyme, alliteration and other word play


sister’s choice is the name of the quilt square at the top of this 

page,

the logo of sisters’ choice, a small company creating books and

recordings of storytelling and songs for children and adults. like 

other

members of the children’s music network, we “recognize children’s music

as a powerful means of encouraging cooperation ... celebrating 

diversity

... building self-esteem ... promoting respect and responsibility for

our environment ... and cultivating an understanding of nonviolence and

social justice.”



sisters’choice
p.o.box 2067
berkeley, ca 94702-0067
510-843-0533
fax: 530-544-8811




this web site designed by malvina reynolds'

grandaughter, nancy ibsen, with thanks

to gina, jodi, claudia, irene and ken
 
 


