












the #1 brand in cat and dog behavior management
























































 













 









calming products






comfort zone calming diffuser 

comfort zone spray & scratch control spray 

comfort zone multi-cat diffuser 

comfort zone calming collar 







reviews


education center






blog 

faq 

comfort your cat 







success stories



 



where to buy

 



































 















proven calming solutions for cats 






 







optimize outlets with new opticalm™ cat calming diffuserwith a sleek, modern design, the new opticalm™ diffuser optimizes precious outlet space by leaving the bottom outlet open for other devices or appliances. this new plug-in diffuser releases our same trusted drug-free pheromone formula.

shop now









is cat scratching and spraying a problem?the presence of other cats and changes to a cat’s environment may cause your cat stress. these behaviors are their response to stress. comfort zone products can help.

find your solution









why are my cats hissing and fighting?if your household is struggling with cats acting mean and attacking one another, your cats may be responding to stress. comfort zone’s multi-cat diffuser can help restore harmony to your home.

find your solution





 












supporting e-meow-tional health 

 











when it comes to cats' well-being, we often think of their physical health. but emotional health (or as we say, e-meow-tional health) is just as important. comfort zone is dedicated to helping cats feel safe, happy and calm using signals that they understand. comfort zone drug-free calming solutions are effective in and around the home and on the go, with a wide range of products proven to help improve your pets' emotional well-being. 

 











 

 











how comfort zone pheromone products work 

 











comfort zone calming products contain a drug free formula that mimic a cat's natural pheromones, letting him know the world around him is safe. they can help reduce stress behaviors like cat urine marking and cat scratching. understanding how cat pheromones work can help your cat feel safe and reduce potential stressors in your home.






 

 





 






 the solution for mean cats 
 struggling with cats hissing at one another and attacking each other? try the comfort zone multi-cat diffuser to help reduce multi-cat tension and conflict in the home. 

 learn more 



  



 















what are users saying? 

 













scratch no more!


“the pheromone diffuser works! cats scratch less in unwanted areas and there is no annoying odor from the diffuser.”


laura m.


comfort zone calming diffuser










 





there is a solution to marking


“if your cat is marking you need to try this. it worked extremely well for me.”


jonathan c.


comfort zone calming diffuser










 





peace within my home


“i love this new and amazing product that has brought peace and harmony to my home. have always loved all my animals, did not know it was possible for a product to help my cat be less aggressive. i would purchase a lifetime quantity of it.”


donna b.


comfort zone multi-cat diffuser










 

 











see more reviews 
 












less stress. try risk free.
we’re so confident your pets will find stress relief from our products that we offer a 100% money back guarantee.
if you don’t experience a more relaxed pet after 90 days, we’ll give you a full refund. 

 



























 







 









contact 

about 

privacy 

terms of use 











© 2024 central garden & pet
all trademarks are either the property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliated and/or related companies or the property of their respective owners.

amazon's trademark is used under license from amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates. 



 









 

