




free christian web hosting & list hosting | worthy of praise













home
testimonials
about us
contact us







facebook
email



















home
eligibility
services
registration
donations










and he said unto them, go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. -- mark 16:15

            	 
            










welcome to worthy of praise
greetings! thank you for taking the time to visit our web site. we are excited about the opportunity we have to assist you in the ministry and service of jesus christ. we believe that our services are designed to do just that.
worthy of praise is a free web hosting and list hosting service for christian churches. our ultimate goal is to provide a service that spreads god's word through the technology of the internet.
have you ever wondered about starting a website for your church? maybe you have already done so, but the service you presently have is limiting your development, not meeting your needs, or is beyond your financial means. could a mailing list for prayer requests or ministries help your church?
worthy of praise is easy to use. all of our hosting resources are available for your church website. we offer a variety of services to meet your specific needs.
you still have questions! why should you consider this? how do you benefit? where do you go from here? when would this be available to you? what is the catch?
no catch. please enjoy the rest of our website. browse. review. consider. and, when you are ready, register for an service here or contact us.
so, what do we ask of you in return? nothing! there are no additional service levels or upgrade packages to purchase. we do not change your website in any way with banners or other ads. you get access to every web hosting service that we have to offer from the very first day. and, you are obligated to nothing, except to profess a sincere and genuine belief in godly christian principles and practices.
we look forward to hearing from you. we also look forward to serving the lord with you.
god bless you!





















                         
                     








                         
                     








                         
                     












copyright © 2000-2025 worthy of praise. all rights reserved.


scroll to top

home
testimonials
about us
contact us













