







give us this day - give us this day





















































































skip to content






























 














subscribe










login






















about
sample
subscribe
daily prayer
other products
prison outreach
read online





menu
close




about
subscribe










































 











daily prayer for today’s catholic 



give us this day is a monthly publication for today’s catholic that helps you pray each and every day. drawing inspiration from a multitude of voices, it provides a relevant and trustworthy understanding of scripture.give us this day is a prayer resource from liturgical press, the publishing house of saint john’s abbey, a benedictine community in collegeville, minnesota. 






learn more



















look inside 



request a sample

 













join our community of over 100,000 subscribers







				
				“i’ve been receiving this for about 3 or 4 years and i absolutely love it! it is quite inspirational each day and that really helps me with my spiritual life.”
				— phil 
			



				“this publication is my personal treasure. it has everything you could want to nourish your faith. the artwork is lovely and contemporary religious art.”
				— charlotte
			



				“i have used this for 10 years. i love it!”
				— clarence
			



				“this small booklet is so full of spiritual surprises – daily prayers from morning to night. i highly recommend it.”
				— nancy
			



				“i have subscribed since the beginning and read it daily. my #1 go to for reading the scriptures.”
				
				— bette
			



				“best thing i ever did was get a subscription. it’s beautifully written.”
				
				— mary ann
			



				“a great missalette with beautiful artwork and modern saint stories.”
				
				— christine
			



				“i just renewed my annual subscription. this will be my second year of using this for my daily mass, weekend mass, and morning and evening prayers. love it!”
				
				— dave
			













 











daily prayer in your inbox 



get our daily email posts and enjoy select content from each issue.  prayers,inspiration, and reflections on scripture from the writers and artists of giveus this day will help you pray and ponder the word of god. 











recent posts 















daily prayer



				intercessions			




god, our stronghold, you are forever with us. in confidence we pray: hear us, o god. unite communities of faith in




			sr. susan barber, osb		

			feb 15, 2025		






daily prayer



				intercessions			




god of majesty, you are clothed in mystery. in hope we pray: mighty god, help us. restore life in gaza




			sr. susan barber, osb		

			feb 14, 2025		






blessed among us



				georges rouault			




the french artist georges rouault began his career as an apprentice in a studio for stained-glass restoration, an experience that




			robert ellsberg		

			feb 13, 2025		






reflection



				god’s agenda or ours?			




when it comes to holiness and purity of heart, the bottom line is love of god and love of neighbor.




			bob hurd		

			feb 11, 2025		



































sign up for our daily prayer emails






 



















customer service 



subscriberenewget in touchdigital loginfrequently asked questionssubscription inquiriestechnical supportcall: 888-259-8470  







download the app 




 





 





 








connect with us 






facebook
 



instagram
 



twitter
 



youtube
 










view our privacy policy. you may unsubscribe at any time. 




















































          

