















symphony health solutions | technologies | icon plc






































      skip to main content
    

























toggle navigation










              solutions
                              









clinical solutions

blended solutions
cardiac safety solutions
clinical & scientific operations
decentralised clinical trials
early clinical
laboratories
medical imaging
site & patient solutions
strategic solutions



consulting & commercial

asset development consulting
commercial positioning
language services
real world intelligence
regulatory affairs
symphony health data








outcome measures
coas and dhts – measure what matters









technologies
technology solutions from early phase through to post-marketing.








              sectors
                              









sectors

icon provides its full range of clinical, consulting and commercial services across several industry sectors.

read more





biotech
government and public health
medical device
pharmaceuticals








biotech
developing transformative therapies requires a flexible approach.









icon and you
partners making a difference.








              therapeutics
                              









therapeutics

cardiovascular
central nervous system
endocrine & metabolic disorders
infectious diseases
internal medicine & immunology
oncology



cross-therapeutics

biosimilars
cell and gene therapies
medical device
pediatrics
rare & orphan diseases
vaccines
women's health








obesity
a focus on combination therapies requires appropriate obesity-specific trial designs, long-term follow-up studies and diverse patient recruitment.









therapeutics insights
icon's therapeutic experts contribute regularly to industry publications and the creation of thought leadership content. read more. 








              insights
                              









insights

digital disruption
patient centricity
regulatory intelligence
therapeutics insights
transforming trials
value based healthcare
blog
videos
webinar channel








early, precise and efficient; the methods and technologies advancing alzheimer’s and parkinson’s r&d
in this cns whitepaper we examine how innovative methodologies and technologies are being implemented to improve the success rate of neurodegenerative clinical trials.









early phase challenges for biotechs
approaching early phase trials strategically and anticipating obstacles can be critical to the later success of a therapeutic









exploring fda guidance for modern data monitoring committees
what you need to know for compliant, efficient safety and efficacy monitoring








              news & events
                              









news & events

icon regularly contributes thought leadership to industry media publications and conferences, and has been recognised as one of the world’s leading contract research organisations through a number of high-profile industry awards.

read more





press releases
in the news
mediakit
awards
events
webinars
social media








strategies for adc bioanalysis
19 march 2025










implementing digital health technologies for patient-centred trials
25 march 2025








              about icon
                              









about icon

company history
icon at a glance
healthcare intelligence
icon in asia pacific
icon in latin america
leadership
quality



icon for

patients
volunteers
investigators
jobs & careers
investors
suppliers








sustainability, diversity and charity
icon cares is our commitment to making a positive impact on our people, environment and our community.









healthcare intelligence
clinical research. evolved.









careers


investors


contact


日本語


简体中文





























home


solutions


real world intelligence


                      symphony health
                  











symphony health 
turning data, analytics, and technology into actionable strategy.

















transparency you can trust.

at symphony health, we believe that data is only as powerful as the clarity behind it. we start with our integrated dataverse (idv), one of the largest integrated repositories of healthcare data, ensuring that our foundation is both comprehensive and reliable. data transparency means providing not just raw numbers, but also clear insights into how the data is sourced, aggregated, and adjusted.










clear methodologies. data you can understand.

by understanding the full context, its origins, methodologies, and limitations, decision-makers can confidently rely on accurate, meaningful information. this empowers healthcare organisations to make smarter, evidence-based decisions that enhance patient care, optimise business strategies, and drive long-term success. transparency ensures that data works not just as information, but as a reliable foundation for impactful action.










we make that data work for you.

we provide powerful data, applications, analytics, and consulting to help companies gain deep insight into the pharmaceutical market. partnering with you, we help transform data into decisions and give you deeper insight into the relationships your brands have with the market by allowing you to holistically view the impacts of payer, prescriber, and patient behaviour.





















we use data to answer questions about the patient health journey.


at symphony health, we use data to create solutions for virtually any business that needs to answer questions about any step of the patient health journey. we believe the evidence-based future of the u.s. healthcare system centres around understanding  the patient. our focus is to help you to generate actionable insights from multiple dimensions of the patient journey, focused on key therapeutic areas.



















march 2025: patientsourceduoduo to provide a singular analytically-ready and tokenised dataset that captures the longitudinality of open claims, along with the patient-precision of closed claims for multiple use cases across product lifecycle.
read more












































85%
retail pharmacy rx





72%
mail order pharmacy rx





67%
specialty drug activity











305+ million
active patients





2.05+ million
prescribers





19,000+
health plans











~2 billion
medical and hospital claims processed annually





20+
years history








 






we analyse and act on industry trends

 we were the first data company to link prescriptions to the most granular group, employer, or plan level and reveal the entire lifecycle of the claim, from initial to final transaction.











we empower patient insights

 new data sets are constantly adding more information to the story. with synoma, our unique de-identification engine, we can unify disparate data sets under a single id in a completely hipaa-compliant environment.











we drive change

 we realised that more data across all health touchpoints was essential to understanding the interrelationships within the patient journey, so we fully integrated all of our data into one comprehensive platform—the integrated dataverse, or idv®.











we create solutions

 as patients started to take a more active role in their therapy decisions, we were also the first to bring longitudinal patient data linked to diagnosis, plan, and prescriber.














                          our solutions
                      
 







 













integrated dataverse and source solutions

 the right data at the right time.













 













health technology and business intelligence solutions

 seamless and efficient data integration, storage, analysis and visualisation.













 













optimise brand strategy and sales effectiveness

 actionable insights at every stage of the product lifecycle.














 







 













solve market access challenges

 clearly analyse managed care performance for your brands.













 













understand the patient journey

 patient insights and outcomes.












 













            related information
          





case study

        line of therapy analysis to support commercialisation efforts of rare disease, pulmonary arterial hypertension (pah)
      







whitepaper

        the triad of trust: navigating real world data integration
      







media article

        data integration – has an influx of solution providers led to a litany of false starts and wasted effort?
      







poster

        recently presented conference posters discussing everything from sdoh to growth hormones
      







blog

        how pharma can use social determinants of health to determine health equity
      







blog

        sdoh data for efficient, patient-centred clinical trials
      







blog

        sdoh data analysis for proactive outcome improvement: a multilayered approach
      
















for more information


 please contact us directly for more information or to speak with an expert.

contact us






















site branding



contact


about icon


results & reports




for clients


therapeutics


solutions


insights


technologies


content preferences


office locations




icon for


patients


volunteers


investigators


jobs & careers


investors


suppliers




news & events


press releases


mediakit


events


social media dashboard




socials



linkedin











facebook




instagram




youtube










legal footer


© 2025 icon plc


disclaimer


privacy & data


cookies











how can we help?

dismiss search modal









all
website





search





 popular search terms:

biotech
cell and gene therapies
consulting
early clinical
medical device
oncology
rare & orphan diseases
real world evidence
site & patient recruitment
strategic solutions
 regulatory intelligence



categories


























