



 

golden harvest manufacturing co. ltd | bakers since 1946














































 








 










+356 21332391| golden harvest, ub21, industrial estate, san gwann  

 








home
about us

our history
our timeline


our products

buns
baguettes
loose
packed
part baked variety
rolls
side bread
sliced bread
gluten free


 










the bakery shop
careers
contact us
 











 

























 



current campaignsbistro briochetraditional french slice campaignjumbo campaignvivos campaignlow gi campaignbistro brioche





traditional french slice campaign





jumbo campaign





vivos campaign





low gi campaign 
main services we provide

 

 
fresh bread

we bake a variety of breads and deliver them fresh to each and every supermarket in malta & gozo.

 

 
confectionery

we bake biscuits and sweets for you to find at your convenience any time of day.

 

 
gluten free

we bake a wide range of gluten free products.

 

 
catering solutions

we service catering establishments with both bread and confectionary items and deliver them to your place of business.




we’re committed to our
gluten free range
click here to find out more


 





contact us
contact us today!




















send message




 
our clients
a few of our top clients that have trusted us throughout the years. 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 






about from a traditional family bakery back in 1946, to the state-of-the-art facility the company currently operates from in san gwann, golden harvest has always been at the forefront of the maltese bread industry. the company, now managed by third generation family members, specializes in bakery and sweet confectionery products, while also boasting an ice-cream department and the most recent investment: a gluten free department.

  
since its inception, the company has always strived to achieve the best possible quality in all of their products, while continuously engaging in r&amp;d to develop innovative products for the maltese market. the company’s unwavering commitment to adhering to the highest quality standards of operations, have in fact consistently been certified by the american institute of baking and the british retail consortium. amongst their long list of clients, they have also supplied well renowned brands such as burger king, kfc, jordan’s ryvita and lidl.

 







opening hours factory:
monday – friday: 08:00 am – 17:30 pm
the bakery shop:
san gwann
monday-friday: 7:00 am – 15:00 pm
saturdays: 8:00 am – 13:00 pm
sundays and ph: closed
sliema
monday-friday: 7:00 am – 17:00 pm
saturdays: 7:30 am – 15:00 pm
sundays and ph: 8:00 am – 13:30 pm

contact us  +356 21 332391
 golden harvest, ub 21, industrial estate, san gwann
malta
 info@goldenharvest.com.mt
 www.goldenharvest.com.mt
follow us 

 powered by amplify. digital

 

2018 all rights reserved.





 







































