










home - oregon festivals & events association



























































  


















skip to content




























 
events events list events calendar annual conference ovation awardsmember directorybecome a member member info & benefits member applicationnewslettermember center member sign-in find a member news member to member dealsabout about ofea board members & staff committees info requests contact us








 

























welcome to oregon festivals & events!









view calendar











member login











annual conference








first responders: inspect what you expect with daren libonati


















your resource for events & festivals throughout oregon!

















from giant outdoor festivals to intimate charity fundraisers, special events play a unique and vibrant role in oregon life. their impact on tourism and local economies is undeniable, but equally important is the sense of community that events can build.






how can we help you today?

find out about events on our calendar
connect with resources you might need for your event in our directory
learn more about ofea membership benefits and how you can become a member
sign-up for our newsletter so you're always in the know













					calendar				








					directory				








					benefits				








					newsletter				








					join				








					ask an expert				

















upcoming events 
click any date or event in the scrolling calendar for more details.
for the full event calendar click here or on events below.


 


















































sign up to receive the newsletter
you can specify your area of interest. 

public seeking event information
festival or event
vendor / concessionaire / exhibitor
supplier of goods and services

sign up to receive our monthly newsletter full of tips, resources and announcements to help improve the festival & event industry in oregon.
click here to sign up for our newsletter here!










































interested in becoming a member? or looking for some helpful resources to make your next event more successful? use our info request form to reach out.




















thank you to our cornerstone sponsors
























































 












© 2025 oregon festivals & events association
 | 
site by growthzone












oregon festivals & events association













866.451.6332 











po box 2248, lebanon , or 97355














members@oregonfestivals.org 























































 © 

 oregon festivals & events association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















