


home







 






 
 
 
 


 

 


     
                   


looking
                    for good, hard-hitting fiction with strong female characters
                    -- some lesbian, some straight -- all kick ass? 
you're here!
about me...... i
              write. if you really want to know more about me, then you have two
              choices. you can click here and see
              what i have to say about myself. or you can click
              here and see what cj cherryh says about me. since i have
                helped c.j. sell her excess books in the past, her opinion might
                be biased, but she writes a really neat bio!
buy
                        my books!.....this link
                  will take you to my page on the ydp website. this page is
                  dedicated to my books--both print and electronic--from all my
                  publishers. you will have access to a shopping cart and
                  several ways to pay for your purchases. buy my books and
                  support your favorite starving artist... me!
yard dog press.....
                    in my spare time, i run a
              publishing company, primarily for books too risky for the new york
              publishing industry. reasons vary. buy our books. support authors
              who take a chance. one of those authors, brian a. hopkins, won a
              bram stoker award for best first novel for the title our press
              published -- the licking valley coon hunters club
              -- a title no other house would touch because it wasn't
              "traditional."  read about our press
              , visit our website and
              see our products, or look at our general
                guidelines.
write
                        to me..... order my books!
              get me some spare time! please!
facebook.....
              yes, i'm on fb. i even check it from time to time.
youtube.....
              and i have a youtube channel. no, it's not about writing. it's
              selina rosen diy, and it's about "make do" and re-using what most
              folks consider trash to build wonderful things. come see my
              treehouse project, watch me build a barn, and watch my wife, lynn
              make cheese from our goats' milk. mostly come subscribe and watch
              all the videos so i can start making some money. sigh. please come
              support your favorite starving artist.
tiktok.....tiktok.....oh
              and here's my newest venture...tiktok! 

other
                        links..... check out these
              links on the yard dog press site.
conventions
                        i'm attending..... if
              you're interested, you can also check out what conventions i'll be
              attending by clicking this link to the ydp "links" page. 
              when you get there, either click on the "conventions" bookmark or
              scroll down the page to the listing of conventions. 




questions or comments about this website should be addressed to
              the webmaster.





 


