









christian publishing - xulon press christian self-publisher


































































skip to content








866-381-2665contact usfree publishing guide 

facebookxpinterestinstagramlinkedinyoutube 












 publishing 101self-publishing simplifiedself publishing simplified – do you help me write my book?self publishing simplified – where will my book be sold?self publishing simplified – what will my book look like?self publishing simplified – my book is out—now what?self publishing simplified – how much does it cost?self publishing simplified – how long does it take?self publishing simplified – will my book make the cut?book marketing made easybook marketing made easy – will xulon press help me promote my work?book marketing made easy – should i have a presence on social media platforms?book marketing made easy – what are the most effective ways to promote my book?book marketing made easy – why do i need a website and/or blog?book marketing made easy – why are industry trade shows so important?book marketing made easy – how will readers know where to find my book online?book marketing made easy – how do i set up signings?all things printingserviceseditingwhy editing?what is ghostwriting?need 1st draft feedback?editing optionsproductionblack & white book guidelinescolor book guidelinesprint-ready guidelinesauthor center loginprinting & distributionbook printingroyalty ratesroyalty faqsdistribution optionsbook printing – advantages of expanded distributionbook printing – about expanded distributionmarketingsocial media marketingauthor branding bundlefacebook advertisingbranded author websitegoodreads advertising – privatenetgalley review campaigntwitter for authorsbookstore sell sheetmedia kit webpagepromotional materialsauthor signing kitscustom postcardsbookstore & church directoriespostersbusiness cardsgrasshopper bannerbookmarksbook video trailersbook video trailers – featurebook video trailers – blockbusteradvertising opportunitiestrade show schedulepress release servicecatalogsinternet banner advertising serviceadd-on servicesaudiobook productionaudiobook sampleslifetime book returncopyright serviceebook formatting & distribution servicepricingpublishing packagesediting optionsauthor learning huball about book cover designguide to self-publishing your christian bookself-publishing frequently asked questionsstep-by-step: self-publishing your christian book with xulon presswhen to start marketing your bookhow to build an author platformwhy every author should have a blogbook marketing glossaryhow to write and publish your christian bookbook design glossaryaboutabout xulon pressstatement of faithauthor spotlightxulon blogcontact informationbookstoreauthors 









 





are you called to write? 
							get your free publishing guide. 
							get my guide 
							 






 




xp home pagemchiaro2025-01-02t09:18:23-05:00 
christian publishing with xulon presshow do i get started?can i really get published?why xulon press?we help writers become authorstitle-for-title, xulon press is the largest christian book publisher in north america, having helped more than 20,000 authors just like you publish their books. we are people who believe in stories and how stories can change the world.
print is powerful; it’s a living, breathing channel of storytelling as relevant and irreplaceable as the gilded bible sitting on your nightstand table.
we’re committed to the art of telling those stories with our hands as much as we do with our hearts. we respect that books are indeed judged by their cover and we delight in the craftsmanship required to do it well.
we believe christ belongs in a place where hurting people are searching for honest answers, and recognize that this requires us to be masters of storytelling in a digital age. our teams and authors are equipped to extend the sphere of their influence as far as possible.
we are humbled to be given the opportunity to partner and provide a platform with authors that are following their call. we rely heavily on the power of prayer to both protect and fuel our teams and authors.
we’re determined to see these stories develop lifespans far beyond our lifetime—and we hope you’ll make your story the next one we tell. begin your journey in christian publishing today.
statement of faith
today more than ever, christian values are under attack in every form of media possible. xulon press has made a promise. that promise is that we will be a platform for books that only uphold the gospel of jesus christ – and none other…. [more]part of the largest christian media company
in may, 2006, xulon was acquired by salem media group. salem media group is america’s leading radio broadcaster, internet content provider, and publisher targeting audiences interested in christian… [more]meet the team
our expert staff has more than 150 years’ combined experience in the christian book publishing industry. they are professional, courteous, and helpful. xulon was recently awarded “best christian workplace”… [more]christian publishing packages
compare our self-publishing packages to find one that best meets your book publishing needs. affordable payment plans options are available…. [more]everything your christian book needs and more100% royalty rates100% royalties
you keep your profits!
you earned it and we keep it that way.
» understanding your royalty rates
our expert editorsour expert editors
our team of editors is here to proofread and make suggestions that will improve your book and take it to the next level.
» professional book editing services
your marketing game planyour marketing game plan
from traditional marketing strategies like press releases to new strategies including social media marketing, our marketing specialist will help launch your book to your target audience.
» marketing your christian book
our trade showsour trade shows
have your book featured at one, or all of our trade shows; it’s up to you! reach your fans across the nation and across the pond.
» international trade show schedule
your teamyour team
at xulon press, we’re excited to work with you on your book. your dedicated author support team will help bring your book to life.
» your christian publishing team
print on demandprint on demand
self-publishing means you don’t have to warehouse a large quantity of books! customers can order your book online from amazon, barnes and noble and other online retailers and our distribution partners will print and fulfill your customer orders directly.
» pod distribution
traditional distributiontraditional distribution
traditional distribution is uniquely suited for authors who require specialty printing options, authors who have written books that are short in length, or those who prefer to print a large batch of books all at once to price them more competitively.
» advantages of traditional distribution
personalized payment optionspersonalized payment options
self-publishing is affordable. we offer customized payment plans to fit your needs. one less roadblock to getting your book into the hands of your readers.
» customized publishing packages
we're on the same pagewe're on the same page
as a christian publishing company, we value our authors and the gospel. we aim to spread faith and hope through our authors’ books.
» our statement of faith
get started today: click to get your free download

author spotlightdon newmanpublished authordon newman has over 20 years experience in ministry and building leaders. a born storyteller, he infuses his insights on life and leadership into both his writing and his speaking as a pastor, conference speaker…read moredana rosserpublished authordana is the wife of dr. james ”butch” rosser, a world-renowned surgeon who openly discusses his battle with morbid obesity. together they have traveled the world to empower and educate people about…read moremark battersonnew york times bestselling author mark batterson serves as lead pastor of national community church in washington, dc. one church, with seven different locations. he has gone on to become a new york times bestselling author of 11 books…read morejoe bradfordpublished authoralong with his role as director of elijah’s heart, co-producer of the movie unconditional, and published author, papa joe is an inspired teacher and loves the word of god. his calling is to be a reflection of the passion…read more
author learning hubmchiaro2019-12-22t00:01:33-05:00how to write and publish your christian bookmchiaro2020-02-24t16:50:45-05:00guide to self-publishing your christian bookmchiaro2020-02-24t16:55:46-05:00self-publishing frequently asked questionsmchiaro2020-02-24t17:03:21-05:00step-by-step: self-publishing your christian book with xulon press
 


 
 





xulon press christian publishing is the largest publisher of christian books in north america. we are the original print-on-demand book publisher for aspiring christian authors. [learn more] 

about xulon press
who we are
statement of faith
author spotlight
contact information
author press releases
 

self-publishing
christian book publishers
christian self-publishing
how it works
what is self-publishing
faqs
 

policies
privacy policy
terms of use
site disclaimer
california - do not sell my personal information
 

 
 
 





		© copyright    -   xulon press christian publishing is owned by salem media group. all rights reserved.	


facebookxpinterestinstagramlinkedinyoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link













































































































go to top




