








custom embroidered - country club blazers, promotional blazers and jackets with logo














































home 
about 
service 
gallery 

products

all products
mens
ladies
ralph lauren navy
county club collection

custom orders of 50 ea



contact 













click to see blazer colors 










blazers and jackets







previous



next











about tailoring
jackets: must-have clothing for modern men and women
jackets required was founded in 1999 to provide the highest quality embroidered blazers available to country clubs and organizations. over the past 25 years, we have worked with hundreds of clubs and worked with hundreds of club professionals in a continued focus on customer service providing custom personalization with each member’s name on the inside lining.   
jackets required will also hand sew on your club buttons or a set of gold buttons upon request.   
delivery is 3-4 weeks from logo approval.  











why choose us
jackets required, inc. is a one-stop-shop solution for all types of your jackets needs.




we give you   the best quality
we offer only the finest quality of jackets at an affordable price. there is no one else in the industry that carries the quality as we do or is as committed to the services as we are.


we save your time
are you limited on time? don’t worry. we will keep your sizes and tailoring instructions on file, allowing you to rapidly come in and make selections or order items over our online shop, text or email.


fair pricing - direct to you
we believe in a direct-to-consumer approach. this means we keep our prices lower by cutting out middlemen, storefront costs and inefficient marketing spent and therefore, each of our products comes at less than half the price of what luxury brands would sell them for. 
















man new design
redefining the jackets with our fluid design concepts
with daily new additions to our exclusive collections of jackets, you will be amazed at the range of products we have for you! with our fluid design concepts, you can find your favorite piece and express your style statement more easily.

									our design ideology is shaped by our desire to deliver high-quality jackets and blazers to you without compromising on quality. rest assured, whatever you have purchased online from jackets required, inc., we will give you the real value for money as each item we ship to our clients is thoroughly inspected for any manufacturing defects by our team of experienced professionals.
booking now










remember, your comfort is as important to us as your style statement. thus the fabrics, the cuts, and the fine detailing that evolve into such incredible jackets and blazers for both men and women are all about giving you maximum comfort with style. register now and stay updated with our offers, discounts, and new arrivals!













testimonial
what people  say about us





thanks johnny, great jackets, super quality.  logo looks fantastic and everyone has found the inside name to be a treat.






johnny and his team at jackets required provided st. davids with exceptional service and a quality product our members can be proud of. as a new account with jackets required, it didn't take long to realize why johnny has the reputation he does when it comes to outfitting some of america's top clubs with jackets. his timely and thoughtful responses to any of our inquiries paired with his attention to detail made making the move to jackets required for our annual member-member prize an easy decision.


tyler santacroce, pga | head golf professional 
st. davids golf club,  
845 radnor street rd. 
wayne, pa 19087
golf shop | 610.688.9708
direct | 610.688.2010 x. 209
www.stdavidsgc.com
                        



if your private golf club is looking for club jackets, i strongly recommend that you contact johnny lyon of jackets required, inc. when we opened the king kamehameha golf club on maui, on may 9, 2006, our members wore their handsome white member jackets proudly. each jacket was embroidered with our club logo and the member's name on the inside pocket. so far, we've ordered well over two-hundred member and staff jackets from jackets required, inc.
you'll like working with johnny. he will provide you with a quality product at a very competitive price. he has taken care of our needs very well in the last two years. he's a fair and honest friend. i'm so glad i found him at the 2006 pga merchandise show.



















































































a free consultation and business tips 24/7



get customer support












888-507-5862
24/7 available




send us email
jacketsrequired@comcast.net
response time avg 24/h





jackets required inc.
                                johnny lyon 
                                616 w. college st.
                                brownsville, tn  38012
                                888-507-5862







important links

home
about
blogs
services
products
contact us
sitemap
king kamehameha golf club
privacy policy
terms and conditions





business hours

monday - friday : 10:00 am - 07:00 pm
saturday : 09:00 am - 06:00 pm
sunday : closed
working site : 7 days












@2022  all rights reserved. jackets required





























