









sierra neurosurgery group: reno's premier brain, spine, & pain experts















































 


































followfollowfollowfollow



(775) 323-2080



patient portal login



request an appointment



request medical records














home
specialties

neurosurgery

neurosurgeons
conditions treated
surgical procedures
total disc replacement

neck (cervical) disc replacement
back (lumbar) disc replacement




pain management

pain management specialists
minimally invasive treatment options
pain management video library
pain management blogs
spinal cord stimulator
regenexx®
intracept by relievant


sports medicine

sports medicine specialists




imaging center
for patients

insurances accepted
patient surgical guide
faqs
patient reviews
patient testimonials
patient education videos
virtual concierge


for physicians
about

contact
our team
board certified
blog
community service
core values


careers
locations

reno, nevada
sparks, nevada
carson city, nevada
fallon, nevada
elko, nevada














 
















expert care for brain, spine & pain managementour physicians and providers expertly diagnose and treat your pain with nonsurgical or surgical options.

request an appointment today!










return to your active lifestyleartificial disc replacement surgery offers an alternative to traditional cervical fusion, maintaining your natural movement.

request an appointment today!










lose your painnonsurgical pain management or minimally invasive procedures are key to pain relief and supporting your active lifestyle.

request an appointment today!










on-site mri and x-ray imagingwe offer the highest level of diagnostic capability while keeping you comfortable.

schedule your x-ray or mri appointment!










best places to work winner 2023 and 2024one of the biggest compliments we can achieve is having employees who enjoy what they do.our culture shows through in our care for you.

join our team!










more than surgery








surgical procedures
neurosurgical experts will treat your brain tumor, back pain, neck pain, or nerve condition, using innovative methods to improve your quality of life.



more about performed procedures

meet the neurosurgery team






pain management
guided ultrasound and regenerative injections are minimally invasive, nonsurgical ways to treat your pain. your pain is our greatest concern, and we will develop an individual treatment plan for you.



minimize pain, improve quality of life

meet the pain management team






on-site x-ray & mri imaging
our outpatient imaging center in reno, nevada offers comfortable, state-of-the-art imaging, so you receive an accurate and quick diagnosis of your condition.



learn more about our imaging center

schedule an appointment








sports medicine
specializing in neck and back pain, non-operative spine treatment including spinal injections and minimally invasive spinal procedures, injuries and arthritis of the shoulders, hips, and knees.



prevent injuries, recover faster

meet our sports medicine doctor


















watch our 40 year celebration video...understand why we have become the preferred specialists in this community for over 40 years in spine, brain and interventional pain management.
 
we have gained this reputation due to our conservative approach to back pain and surgery, as well as innovative techniques to treat brain tumors. our pain management team offers treatments to help improve your quality of life.
schedule your appointment today!








a trusted neurosurgery and pain management clinic in nevada





sierra neurosurgery group has been working with patients in northern nevada and california for over 40 years. our team of healthcare professionals comprises of neurosurgeons and pain specialists to provide surgical and non-surgical options. we help a wide range of patients treating them for chronic pain and discomfort, spine conditions, complex brain tumors, neurotrauma, movement disorders, aneurysms, acoustic neuromas, trigeminal neuralgia as well as peripheral nerve conditions.
our team specializes in full-spectrum neurosurgery including brain, nerve, spine diseases, conditions, and injuries. our interventional pain specialists are well versed in procedures to deal with specific types of pain management issues like migraine, sciatica, neck and back pain. our team of physicians use state-of-the-art technology to help improve accuracy, patient outcomes and recovery from procedures and surgeries.
at our pain management, neurosurgery and spine clinic in nevada, our neurosurgeons take immense care in ensuring that we get to the root of the problem and deliver exceptional quality of care to our patients. whether our customers come in to consult for a surgical procedure, or minimally invasive pain management treatments, our team of specialists provide compassion, conservative care and surgical excellence to help improve the path to a better quality of life.
with our trusted team of board-certified, fellowship trained spine and brain neurosurgeons along with our pain specialists, sierra neurosurgery group is the premium choice for patients in northern nevada and california.





what our patients say










i have to say i am blown away by how amazing dr. demers and staff are.he just performed my surgery and i am symptom free! besides the healing. but i can’t thank himand his staff enough. i cry thinking at how much my life will change now. thank you fromme and my family. we love you dr. demers!
– holly c.








i would recommend dr. blake to others without hesitation!dr. blake has been my pain management physician for many years. he always clearly discusses the best options and the procedures administered. he is knowledgeable and kind. i would recommend him to others without hesitation.
— coni jo b.








dr. morgan, when i first met you, i knew i could trust you & what you say.my first surgery was pain free. my second surgery was pain free & corrected the pinched nerves. everything you told me was true. your knowledge of medicine & your truthfulness is so refreshing. you really care about your patients. you answered all of my questions with straight talk. i wish i could reward you in some way.
god bless you and your family.
– john m.








thank you dr. tolberti can’t not cry when i think about what this incredible person has done for me…..my words cannot express how i feel about him. he was created and sent from god to help me and my family! marshall tolbert is at the top of my list of incredible people by far!
thank you marshall for being you and thank you god!
– todd w.








dr. moore was very informative and took the time to explain everything in detail and go out of his way to answer my questions. i have had a bad run with doctors being dismissive and he is the complete opposite and makes me way more comfortable coming back and taking his advice on what to do going forward.








this was my second back surgery with dr. vacca.he is top rated in his field and i went to him the second time with total confidence.
the entire staff at sierra neurosurgery is exceptionally courteous and willing to help with any patient problems and/or questions that might arise. i highly recommend this doctor and his medical group.







read more customer reviews







latest news











understanding awake craniotomies: brain surgery while you’re awake

goals of brain tumor surgery when it comes to brain tumor surgery, surgeons have two main goals: remove as much of the tumor as possible. protect important brain functions, especially those related to speech and movement. to achieve this delicate balance, dr. rima...
read more




embracing life after brain surgery – kristopher’s story

a surprising diagnosis it was a normal day for kristopher dahir. he was out on his usual run when his legs felt strange, again. he had been experiencing unusual leg spasms for a while. “the symptoms began by me having seizures in my legs and so i was running or doing...
read more




understanding sciatica: what it is and how to manage it

sciatica can be a painful and challenging condition, but understanding the sciatic nerve, its importance, and the causes of sciatic pain can help you take the first steps toward relief. pain management doctors are experts in diagnosing and treating sciatica, offering...
read more











careers with sierra neurosurgery group

sierra neurosurgery group is the region’s oldest continuously operating group of neurosurgeons and is one of the largest groups in nevada specializing in the treatment of brain and spinal disorders.
our core values of integrity, respect, compassion, team work, accountability, and honesty influence the way the employees act at sierra neurosurgery group. if you would like to become part of our dedicated and hardworking team who exemplify these core values, please view our listed job opportuniteis and apply. no calls or walk-ins please. if your qualifications match the requirements of the position, you will be contacted about next steps.





view current job opportunities



 










schedule an appointment



(775) 323-2080













sierra neurosurgeryneurosurgery
ns conditions treated
ns surgical procedures
pain management
patient education videos
our specialists
for physicians




for patientsfor patients
ns insurances accepted
patient surgical guide
patient reviews
patient education videos
virtual concierge




about usour team
board certified
blog
community service
core values
careers
privacy policy




contact us reno office
5590 kietzke lane
reno, nevada 89511
office: (775) 323-2080
toll free: (888) 323-2080
info@sierraneurosurgery.com





















followfollowfollowfollow

copyright © 2024 sierra neurosurgery group | all rights reserved



 







 




















