









leading hvac repair company in texas | houk ac





























































skip to content





read our reviews  

   new system quote
 new system quote 
 (833) 313-5532









about 

helping hand
careers
financing
reviews
specials
faq
blog


air conditioning 

ac repair
ac replacement
ac installation
emergency ac service
ac maintenance
register your equipment


heating 

heater repair
heater replacement
heater installation
emergency heater service
heater maintenance
thermostat installation
register your equipment


indoor air quality 

dehumidifiers
duct cleaning
air purification
uv lights
air filter replacement
register your equipment


commercial 

chiller, cooling tower, & boiler system services
single-split systems
multi-split systems
variable frequency drives (vfd)
variable air volume systems (vav)
constant air volume systems (cav)
heat pumps
fan-powered box systems


service areas 

dallas-fort worth 

dfw air conditioning
dfw indoor air quality
dfw heating
dfw hvac


houston 

houston air conditioning
houston indoor air quality
houston heating


austin 

austin air conditioning


san antonio


schedule service



 (833) 313-5532



 




search


submit



















 

waves buy filters 
							attach_money get a new system quote 
							here for you since 1962 
							bringing ultimate comfort home 24/7/365
for over 60 years, houk has been keeping texans cool with award-winning service and the latest technology in hvac equipment. 
							 schedule service  
							




the leading edge in comforttexas’ trusted name in hvac serviceair conditioninglearn moreheatinglearn moreindoor air qualitylearn morecommerciallearn moremeet your texas-local hvac expertsthe preferred hvac company for dfw, austin, san antonio, & houston


known and trusted since 1962, houk ac and houk mechanical are here to serve our customers with true satisfaction guaranteed. our hvac technicians aren’t just highly trained and passionate about what they do—they’re part of the houk family, and they’re ready to pass on their knowledge to you. combining our expertise with the most technologically advanced equipment available today, we deliver reliable, energy-efficient, and long-lasting comfort for years to come.


24/7 rapid response timeno-pressure sales processfamily-owned & operatedin-depth home comfort analysiszero money down financingfree quoteshouk maintenance programour maintenance program is designed to keep your home or business’ heating and cooling system working at peak performance all year round. from new air filters to exclusive discounts, our 27-point precision tune-up does it all.
competitive financingworried about hvac installation costs? our longevity and financial strength allow us to offer some of the most competitive financing options available. offers include no money down and 24, 36, and 60-month special financing.
discount offerssave with seasonal offers such as hvac unit upgrades, special financing, discounts on air conditioner, furnace, and heat pump repairs, and much more. don’t sweat hvac system costs—trust houk to help you out, 24/7/365.
texans serving texanswith offices in dallas-fort worth, austin, san antonio, and houston, houk has the lone star state covered. as a family-owned and operated heating, ventilation, and air conditioning company, we’re proud to offer superior customer service in your neighborhood.
reputation built on resultsat houk, we always go above and beyond. from sending dedicated comfort consultants to build relationships with customers to donating hvac systems to families in need through our helping hand program, we’re here for you. learn more about our commitment to service.
dedicated commercial expertisehouk mechanical is the commercial arm of our business, operating independently to give our commercial customers the full attention they deserve. from rooftop ac units to heat pumps, we can serve any industrial, retail, or multi-family need.
schedule an appointmentneed help with your hvac system?


schedule an appointment or call now for emergency service


call now learn more, save more, & enjoy more with houkcomfort analysis now hiring tips & insights is it time to replace your ac? schedule a comfort analysis


central ac units typically have a lifespan of about 10-15 years with proper maintenance. of course, if you inherited your hvac systems with your home, it can be hard to know how well the previous owner kept up with maintenance. if you’re battling high energy bills, frequent repairs, excessive dust in your home, or poor performance, now could be the perfect time to upgrade.
when you choose houk for hvac replacement, your comfort consultant will perform a load calculation, inspect your ductwork, measure your home with laser-guided measurement tools, and more. that way, they can recommend a bespoke system for your needs. each of our recommendations has a high seasonal energy efficiency ratio (seer rating) to save you money while optimizing performance!


schedule today now hiring hvac techs and installers


if you’re an ambitious hvac expert who is ready to learn, grow, and be treated like a pro, houk wants to hear from you. our elite team operates like a family, and we don’t just say that. we back it up with the best pay and benefits in the dallas-fort worth, houston, austin, and san antonio areas. get the respect you deserve and take your career to the next level with houk.


apply now get the latest tips & insights at houk air university


learn diy tips, step-by-step instructions for maintaining your home’s hvac system, and other crucial tips on our blog. from videos to easy-to-read articles, we make it easy for you to get the answers that will help you protect your investment for years to come.


learn more choosing houk is simplehouk makes your decision easycustom solutionswe start with a complete comfort analysis, then custom-design the perfect system for your ultimate satisfaction.
affordable serviceswe offer outstanding zero money down and special financing options to make it easy for you to get the repairs and upgrades you deserve.
trustworthy techsour techs are all houk employees, not sub-contractors. our installation practices are above industry standards and all work is backed by a customer satisfaction guarantee.
don't just take our word for ithear from happy customers like you“we highly recommend hough air conditioning. they are top-notch at what they do. when it was time to replace our unit everyone involved handled everything in a timely and professional manner. josh was the go-to guy who did the assessment to determine the best unit for our needs. israel and his crew did a top-notch installation and matthew was the tech guy who followed up on the installation. after the installation, josh did a follow-up to insure all our needs were met.”
eric edgeaustin, txrating: 5“today i just had my ac serviced by the technician, miguel. he did a great job and was very professional. he even gave me some tips on how to set my thermostats in my home because i have a story home; this was most helpful. would highly recommend.”
royan williamshouston, txrating: 5“houk saved the day! after calling my home warranty company for our heater not working, the home warranty servicer came out and literally did nothing and we were left again with no heat and 11 degrees outside. i called houk and they came out the same day and got my heat working! shout out to jose for his professionalism and expertise to get it working. the dispatcher was also extremely nice over the phone. i highly recommend houk!”
nathan arthurdallas fort-worthrating: 5read more reviews helping hand programdo you know a community member facing financial hardship in dfw, houston, or austin?


nominate them today for a free hvac system installation.


nominations opening soon our companylearn more about houk acwatch video get in touch with houk accontactlocationscontactcontact our team of texas hvac experts


life is too short to spend it sweating, shivering, or sneezing in your own home or place of business. from our maintenance program to our 24/7 emergency service, houk is always there to help you take on any heating, cooling, or indoor air quality problem with ease.
with help from our dedicated comfort consultants and hvac repair professionals, you can take back control without breaking the bank. when you need to make the call to an hvac company in texas, make it in confidence when you choose houk.


contact us locationsfind your nearest comfort specialist in texas


with locations throughout north, south, and east texas, houk ac and houk mechanical are ready to deploy to your home or business quickly and efficiently. contact us 24/7/365 for superior hvac service in the dallas-fort worth metroplex, houston, austin, or san antonio.


view all 











 




 




 




 




















houk ac has been serving you since 1962. we’re proud to offer comprehensive hvac repair, installation, and replacement work backed by our first-class customer satisfaction guarantee.


(833) 844-1962connectfacebookinstagramlinkedinnavigatehomeaboutspecialslocationsbuy filtersair conditioningheatingindoor air qualitycommercialservice areasarlingtonplanogrand prairiehighland parkeulessgarlandlocationshouk air conditioning dfw


license #: tacla113684c
833 111th st, arlington, tx 76011


houk air conditioning austin


license #: tacla124772e
15404 marsha st, austin, tx 78728


houk air conditioning san antonio


license #: taclb121221e
635 tx-46 bldg 3, boerne, tx 78006


houk air conditioning houston


license #: taclb76428e
18720 intercontinental crossing dr, houston, tx 77032


a houston website design company


copyright © 2025 houk air conditioning. all rights reserved. privacy policy.








ionicons-v5-aback to top











































