







website design jacksonville florida

























































website design


home
our guarantee
word of mouth
services

website planning
social media management
validate any website
planning guide


contact
call us





904-554-5933
effective website design
welcome, we offer you cost effective responsive website design & website hosting solutions. proudly serving jacksonville, florida and the surrounding community with quality website design. we are dedicated to helping your jacksonville business website design achieve your goals year in and year out. we are the folks you are looking for to establish your jacksonville business website design on the internet, call us today.
our december website design special is 20% discount on all starter business website design. call us today at 554-5933website design planning guide



website design  special×





responsive website design
today’s american culture goes to their phones or tablets, before they go to their computers. if you want to reach your jacksonville customers; responsive website design is the only way to go. i provide you affordable html5, w3c valid, responsive website design that ensures you get your message to the jacksonville people looking for your services on whatever device they seek you out on. i offer you cost effective website design solutions.


website hosting
scalable solutions for hosting your jacksonville website design. linux (apache) and windows servers allowing you to work in the environment you’re most comfortable with. need more power than shared hosting? dedicated severs for maximum power for your jacksonville business. we also offer managed high end servers when you really need some horsepower. here you have choices and solutions.




it is your business
having a jacksonville business website design is something american’s expect a modern jacksonville business to have. your website design is your 21st century business card. you have a 20th century business card and yet you still haven’t moved your  business into the 21st century.
your jacksonville business website design is the most effective tool ever invented to promote your jacksonville business. your jacksonville business website design is your 21st century business card. your jacksonville business website design turns your business card into an informative resource your potential jacksonville clients can use to prequalify you, for their needs. your business website design reaches your potential and current jacksonville customers on their phones. your word of mouth referrals are a mere click of a button away through your business website design.
your potential jacksonville customer’s phone is the resource they will use when looking for your product or service and without a jacksonville website you have no resource with which to be found by solvent people looking for you. grow your jacksonville business and your opportunities by building a solid website.







how much does it cost?
call us and we’ll be happy to talk. when you call please be ready to answer these questions and we will be able to provide you with an estimate.


how many pages do you desire?


how many images per page?


do you need a shopping cart?


how many categories will you have?


what type of form do you need?


do you have your content ready?


website design planning guide

















about us


jax computers


221 n. hogan st. #377


jacksonville, florida 32202-4201 us








call us today
1-904-554-5933








on line shopping


free classified ads
auto mall
mall
reatarants






















contact us









copyright © 1994-2025  jax computers all rights reserved this website was created and is maintained by jax computers of  jacksonville, fl. | your website design, website hosting, website management, e-commerce shopping cart, storefront & domain registration solution!
 one service to cover all of your needs.$700.00-$10,000.00. this page was last updated: february 15, 2025  

