






resorts online - your guide to the most luxurious resorts, hotels and lodges in the world.
































select a region
 

canada
usa
central am.
caribbean
south america



europe
africa
asia / middle east
australia / oceania





select specialty
 
































about

suggest a resort
concierge links
weather
currency converter



welcome to resorts online



your guide to the world's top luxury propertiesrol is a unique resource designed to bring together on one site the world's most luxurious hotels, resorts, lodges, chateaux, etc.  with our icons or keyword search engine our goal is to assist guests and agents to find exactly what they are looking for in a matter of seconds based on what the property is offering and where it is located.    we then link you into each properties web site where you can deal directly with them.  rol has the most comprehensive collection of luxury / 5* properties on the web with direct links and where there are no 5* properties we offer the top options available in each location.








tweet






pin it






	featured property
	














serena mivumo river safari lodge 



									standing high on the banks of the slow, brown rufiji river, in tanzania's selous game reserve with glorious views down to the plunging torrents of stiegler's gorge, the mivumo river lodge offers just twelve luxurious rooms, each of which is housed in a timbered chalet with private viewing deck and plunge pool. 
							

map and more info
visit website














search resorts online!


			enter the keywords for the activities, amenities and location you are looking for or click on an icon to begin your tour of the world's most luxurious resorts.
search




sign up for alerts!

			get alerts of new resorts and specials catered to your interests? sign up now!


sign up for alerts!












			featured property
			














map and more info
visit website





nairobi serena hotel   lhw


									luxury hotel with health spa & gym, golf nearby, swimming pool, sauna, massage, jacuzzi, steam, business center and conference facilities (140).  located in nairobi, kenya.
							











home -- contact us -- about -- property login
 
copyright 2011 -- read our privacy agreement


			visit our friends at:
			






