



college of the redwoods home





















skip to main content
mycr portalwebadvisorhelp deskapplysearch iconmenumenu icon



search:





mycr portal
mycr portal - overview
webadvisor
canvas/email


academics
academics - overview
academic pathways
college catalog
online classes
adult and community education
cr-cal poly humboldt bridge programs
full program list


admissions and records
admissions and records - overview
residency
order a transcript
tuition and fees


funding and aid
funding and aid - overview
apply for financial aid
types of aid
costs of attendance


student services
student services - overview
academic support center
basic needs center
counseling
library
student accessibility and support services


current students
current students - overview
webadvisor
mycr portal
help desk
library


about cr
about cr - overview
board of trustees
mission and vision
president's office
locations
capital projects updates
boarddocs


athletics 
give 


i am a
new student
high school student
current student
faculty and staff


academic pathways
arts, communication, and  education
business and information systems
health care and wellness
law, society and human services
science, mathematics, and natural resources
skilled trades and industry


helpful links
academic calendar (pdf)
apply now
board of trustees
cafe/dining
campus safety
maps and locations
the seed project




 




main contentempowering students for lifelong learning. 
we believe that an education should prepare you for your future—whether that's a 4-year
                           college, a career, or personal enrichment. 
explore our programsapply to cr

this video has no soundpause or play video




                     								your browser does not support the playback of this video.
                     							





info icon
webadvisor will be unavailable friday, february 14, 2025 for system maintenance 
                        								




find your community


new students
start your journey with all the tools and support you need for success.
get started


current and returning students
welcome back! jump back in and keep the momentum going.
jump in


faculty and staff
resources and information for faculty and staff.
jump in


high school students
why wait? get a head start on college with dual and concurrent enrollment!
learn more


you're on the right path



                  								arts, communication, and education
                  							
                  								law, society, and human services
                  							
                  								science, mathematics, and natural resources
                  							
                  								business and information systems
                  							
                  								health care and wellness
                  							
                  								skilled trades and industry
                  							



arts, communication, and education
perfect for students who love to create, share ideas, learn about different cultures,
                        and think deeply about the world.learn more






law, society, and human services
this path is for students interested in understanding the laws that shape our society,
                        the social structures we navigate daily, and how to support those in need through
                        human services.learn more






science, mathematics, and natural resources
these programs offer a rigorous and rewarding journey through the disciplines that
                        shape our understanding of the world and prepare you for a future in science, math,
                        conservation, or research.learn more






business and information systems
if you're interested in management, entrepreneurship, it systems, or digital marketing,
                        this meta-major provides the tools and knowledge to navigate the complexities of modern
                        businesses and the technological advancements that drive them.learn more






health care and wellness
designed for those with a passion for health, wellness, and helping people in their
                        times of need, these programs equip you with the knowledge and skills to embark on
                        a rewarding career in healthcare.learn more






skilled trades and industry
for for those who love to build, create, and repair. dive into the practical aspects
                        of working with your hands and applying technical knowledge to solve real-world problems.learn more







stay informed


spring 2025 scholarship application available
over 100 scholarships available ranging from $100-$2000. the deadline for spring applications
                     is sunday, march 2, 2025. 

cr earns reaafirmation of accreditation for seven years
college of the redwoods is proud to announce that the accrediting commission for community
                     and junior colleges (accjc) has reaffirmed the college's accreditation for the next
                     seven years.

from the president - federal grant and loan freeze
we want to share an important update regarding a recent white house announcement about
                     pausing federal grant and loan disbursements. the freeze is scheduled to take effect
                     at 5 p.m. est on tuesday, january 28, 2025.












what's happening at cr?
our events calendar serves as a centralized resource for all dates, deadlines, and
                        student-centered opportunities on campus. from application deadlines and academic
                        milestones to career fairs, housing fairs, and student-led activities, our calendar
                        ensures you remain well-informed and connected to the pulse of cr.
  feb 17   president's day holiday   feb 18   flex goals for associate faculty due   mar 4   board of trustees meeting   mar 6   last day to petition to graduate & petition for certificate   mar 17   spring break (no classes)   mar 28   last day for student/faculty withdrawal 





where you're in the know

      newspaper icon  news  feb 13, 2025   petition for graduation by march 6        newspaper icon  news  feb 13, 2025   dr. kristin lima appointed as new dean of del norte center and pelican bay program        newspaper icon  news  feb 11, 2025   cr appoints dr. rebecca robertson as new dean of culture, society & communications  
      newspaper icon  news  jan 16, 2025   groundbreaking ceremony for new pe gymnasium and fieldhouse  



who we are



redwoods district mission
college of the redwoods puts the success of each student at the forefront of every
                        strategic effort. the college provides accessible and relevant educational programs
                        that promote student academic achievement, career readiness, and lifelong learning
                        so that our students may thrive in a rapidly changing world. 
read more




message from the president
“cr is an exceptional learning environment in which students gain the knowledge and
                        skills they need to be successful. we are committed to providing students an opportunity
                        to achieve their educational goals by offering programs and services designed for
                        students who plan to seek a transfer degree, train for immediate employment or transition
                        to a new career. "
                        
                        -dr. keith flamer
read more




board of trustees
the redwoods community college district is governed by a locally-elected 7 member
                        board of trustees. these community members offer their time and talent to ensure that
                        college of the redwoods remains responsive to local community needs as well as true
                        to its mission and vision. 
read more








get started
apply now




schedule a visit
tour today







facebook linktwitter linkinstagram linkyoutube link
© college of the redwoods 2025it is the policy of college of the redwoods not to discriminate on the basis of race,
                  color, religion, national origin, sex, disability, age, or sexual orientation in its
                  educational programs and its employment practices. read full policy here



locations
eureka main campusdel norte campuseureka downtown siteklamath-trinity sitepelican bay


links
accreditationaccessibilitybusiness officeboarddocscommunityconsumer informationemergency informationhuman resourcestitle ix



 ©
