






 

markus ruby watches – official website






































































































skip to content



facebookinstagramtwitterlogin

£0.000



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: £0.00 

view cartcheckout 





search:
search









markus ruby watches
official website


home about us watches contact gallery 






home about us watches contact gallery 






 





chrono 

collection. 

shop now! 







stealth 

all black stainless steel. 

shop now! 







dakar 

chronograph timer. 

shop now! 



 









dakarcollectiongrand prixchronographmarkus rubystealth blackevolutionchronographdakarcollectiongrand prixchronographmarkus rubystealth blackevolutionchronographnew arrivalsmonarch diamond dialshop now!new arrivalsmonarch diamond dialshop now!featured products








skeleton mechanical black leather black dial gold edition

£69.00

the polished 18k gold plated stainless steel case and bevelled mineral crystal lens protect an intricate skeleton dial with gold-tone roman numeral hours markers. white hour and minute hands and a gold-tone second hand adorn the dial. a high precision winding mechanical movement brings to life this flawless timepiece. the black real leather crocodile pattern strap and 18k gold plated steel buckle attaches the watch to your wrist with style and comfort.

add to basket







skeleton mechanical brown leather white dial

£69.00

the polished stainless steel case and bevelled mineral crystal lens protect an intricate skeleton dial with silver-tone roman numeral hours markers. white hour and minute hands and a silver-tone second hand adorn the dial. a high precision winding mechanical movement brings to life this flawless timepiece. the brown real leather crocodile pattern strap and steel buckle attaches the watch to your wrist with style and comfort.

add to basket



 out of stock



skeleton mechanical black leather black dial

£69.00

the polished stainless steel case and bevelled mineral crystal lens protect an intricate skeleton dial with silver-tone roman numeral hours markers. white hour and minute hands and a silver-tone second hand adorn the dial. a high precision winding mechanical movement brings to life this flawless timepiece. the black real leather crocodile pattern strap and steel buckle attaches the watch to your wrist with style and comfort.

details







dakar chronograph steel blue dial

£90.00

the brushed stainless steel case sports a polished fixed bezel with tachymetric scale, the dakars chronograph functions are activated by pushers that screw down like the winding crown when not in use ensuring waterprooofness to 100 metres. the hardened mineral crystal lens protects a fascinating satin blue dial equipped with a fully operational chronograph tachymeter, useful for calculating speed over a measured distance. silver ridged rings surround the sub-dials at the 3:00, 6:00 and 9:00 positions with black numerals and silver-tone luminous raised hour indexes. silver-tone hour and minute hands with luminous strips and a silver-tone chronograph second hand adorn the dial. a high precision seiko vd54 quartz chronograph movement brings to life this flawless timepiece. the brushed solid stainless steel bracelet with polished mid links and a steel deployment clasp attaches the watch to your wrist with style and comfort.

add to basket







dakar chronograph two tone silver dial

£90.00

the brushed stainless steel case sports a polished 18k gold plated fixed bezel with tachymetric scale, the dakars chronograph functions are activated by pushers that screw down like the winding crown when not in use ensuring waterprooofness to 100 metres. the hardened mineral crystal lens protects a fascinating gloss black dial equipped with a fully operational chronograph tachymeter, useful for calculating speed over a measured distance. gold ridged rings surround the sub-dials at the 3:00, 6:00 and 9:00 positions with black numerals and gold-tone luminous raised hour indexes. gold-tone hour and minute hands with luminous strips and a gold-tone chronograph second hand adorn the dial. a high precision seiko vd54 quartz chronograph movement brings to life this flawless timepiece. the brushed solid stainless steel bracelet with 18k gold plated polished mid links and a steel deployment clasp attaches the watch to your wrist with style and comfort.

add to basket







markus ruby chronograph black steel

£139.00

the black ion plated stainless steel case with screw-down crown sports a textured uni-directional rotating bezel with raised arabic numerals. the hardened mineral crystal lens protects a fascinating black diamond patterned dial equipped with a fully operational chronograph tachymeter, useful for calculating speed over a measured distance. flat black raised rings surround the sub-dials at the 2:00, 6:00 and 10:00 positions with contrasting white markings and silver-tone raised hour indexes. silver-tone hour and minute hands with luminous strips and a contrasting red chronograph second hand adorn the dial. a date window is displayed at the 4:00 position. a high precision swiss eta g10.211 quartz chronograph movement brings to life this flawless timepiece. the black ion plated solid stainless steel bracelet reveals textured mid links matching the bezel. a steel deployment clasp attaches the watch to your wrist with style and comfort.

add to basket











companyabout uscustomer servicewatch collectionscontactinformationterms and conditionswarrantyprivacy policymy accountcartcheckoutmy accountsign up to our newsletter
email address: 





leave this field empty if you're human:  










© 2019 markus ruby. all rights reserved.






go to top

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

always enabled




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






non-necessary							


non-necessary





any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept

































































