






st. vincent de paul high school | catholic preparatory school, petaluma





























































 






 












skip to content








contact usbuy mustang gearstudentsparentsalumnieventsgiveapply now 

facebookinstagram 














 homeadmissionsadmissions processtuition & assistanceinquire nowscholarship officevisit svinternational studentsaboutmeet our new principalschool profilesv appschool staffboard of directorsemployment opportunitiescontact usacademicsdepartments & offeringsfacultyacademic counselingcollege counseling2025 summer campsathleticsathletic programsfall sportswinter sportsspring sports2025 summer campsathletics calendarwatch mustang athleticsbuy mustang apparelmustang athletic clubathletics formsfacilities rentalstudent lifeclubs and activitiesstudent led servicescampus ministrycommunity servicespotlightsschool calendarsupport svannual fund & memorial donationsways to supportfundraising eventscorporate matchingmeet the teamhomeadmissionsadmissions processtuition & assistanceinquire nowscholarship officevisit svinternational studentsaboutmeet our new principalschool profilesv appschool staffboard of directorsemployment opportunitiescontact usacademicsdepartments & offeringsfacultyacademic counselingcollege counseling2025 summer campsathleticsathletic programsfall sportswinter sportsspring sports2025 summer campsathletics calendarwatch mustang athleticsbuy mustang apparelmustang athletic clubathletics formsfacilities rentalstudent lifeclubs and activitiesstudent led servicescampus ministrycommunity servicespotlightsschool calendarsupport svannual fund & memorial donationsways to supportfundraising eventscorporate matchingmeet the team 














homecyberoptik2024-10-15t09:58:25-07:00 
 
 loading...







welcome to st. vincent de paul college prep 



where exceptional teachers engage & motivate students 


inquire now











beyond academic success 



striving for excellence. making a difference. 


inquire now
register for open house











developing the "whole" student 



our values-based program prepares each student for life. 


inquire now
register for open house











focused on scholastic achievement 



99% attend college, $130,000 in scholarships offered to each 2023 graduate. 


inquire now
register for open house











robust athletics program 



fielding 18 highly competitive cif teams 


inquire now
register for open house









more than a college prep schoolwith college admissions becoming increasingly competitive today, students need a competitive edge. academics alone won’t get them accepted into the college or university of their choice. they need more.


highly qualified, exceptional teachers support and guide students to achieve individual success.


academically rigorous programs engage and motivate our students resulting in high levels of college acceptance and student scholarships.


small class sizes allow for more personalized instruction and individual support for each student.


strong values-based program rounds out each student’s experience and prepares them for life after school.


notable facts about sv0%attend college0avg. gpa class of 2023. high was 4.570scholarship dollars offered per graduate0student to teacher ratio0cif sports teams0ap and honors classes0%attend 4 year colleges0average class size0%families’ whose tuition is indexed0college acceptances on average for 2023 graduateswhat our parents are saying 
 loading...







"the teachers, coaches and staff are all invested in my child's future." 











"it's a great school. students feel welcomed, seen and heard." 











"the sports program is competitive and stacked with great coaches that connects
to the student/athletes." 











"the high school teachers are excellent not only in the quality of their instruction,
but as models of integrity and wisdom." 











"it has been a transformative school for my boys, both academically and socially." 











"we can’t speak highly enough about our love for this school and it’s community." 









michael casper named principal of st. vincent de paul college prepmeet our new principalthe class of ’23 received an average of 4 college acceptances, 97% accepted into 4 year college programs.inquire nowfill out this form, press submit and we will respond promptly to your inquiry.
first name *last name *email address *phone number *comments limit 2000 charactersconstant contact use. please leave this field blank.
apply for admission
st. vincent de paul is the best preparation for admission to a competitive college and for lifelong success beyond academics. sv fall 2025 applications are open now!
sv educates students through a college preparatory curriculum that develops their spiritual, academic and social potential. our goal is for students to become compassionate, responsible and active members of their communities. 
sv students consistently go above and beyond in the classroom, athletic facilities and in their community. many of our students take honors and ap classes, play multiple sports, and serve their community well beyond the required amount. this separates our student body as one that is the whole student.
if you’re interested in learning more about what st. vincent de paul college prep has to offer, please feel free to browse our website to find the information you need. if you want to apply, or obtain further information email admissions@svhs-pet.org to inquire.
what’s happening at svsorry, no posts matched your criteria.turning injury into opportunity: josh malik (’24) proving his worth at st. vincent de paul, written by hudson stipp (’24)
‘i love these boys so much’: st. vincent football team basks in state title triumph
‘winningest’ high-school basketball coach retiring after 42 years
tom bonfigli honored for legendary career as st. vincent basketball tops healdsburg
talented sister duo inspires their peers at st. vincent de paul, written by brett ghisletta (’24)
star multi-sport athlete kai hall shining at st. vincent de paul, written by hudson stipp (’24)
giving students the academic edge they need…for motivated students and parents with aspirations for their children, st. vincent de paul is the school that delivers the most academically challenging yet personally engaging experience.
with a 100+ year tradition of excellence, we deliver a rigorous academic program that features the highest graduation requirements in sonoma and marin counties. svdp graduates consistently earn exceptional academic outcomes.
learn about the sv academics program >
…and an amazing array of extracurricular opportunities and resources
the support we provide goes beyond traditional academics. our students can join a high-achieving mock trial team, participate in our renowned division 5 sports programs, beome a leader with asb, play in the jazz band, and engage with catholic values and ideals.
they are surrounded by teachers and coaches who have chosen to work intensely with students in our small school atmosphere along with peers from 20+ catholic, private and public schools.
we teach creativity, critical thinking, collaboration and global awareness. sv sets high expectations, and our students strive for excellence in the classroom, on the athletic field and in the community.
students talk about st. vincent de paul college prepspotlight on the people at sv
michael2024-05-12t14:09:10-07:00alicia ’24 & andrea hartmann ’26 | sisters thrive in school community through mutual encouragementmichael2024-05-12t14:09:10-07:00september 9th, 2023|comments off on alicia ’24 & andrea hartmann ’26 | sisters thrive in school community through mutual encouragement student spotlight written by '24 hudson stipp:  alicia and andrea hartmann are sisters attending st. vincent de paul college prep.  alicia, a junior at st. vincent de paul, has participated in many activities at [...]michael2024-05-12t14:10:11-07:00tyler chelew ‘25 | leadership by examplemichael2024-05-12t14:10:11-07:00april 20th, 2023|comments off on tyler chelew ‘25 | leadership by example student spotlight written by '24 hudson stipp:  tyler chelew is a sophomore at st. vincent de paul college prep. in his two years of being a student at svdp, tyler has participated in football, [...]about st. vincent's
rich in tradition, over the last century, svhs has grown and developed into one of the bay area’s preeminent preparatory institutions.
read about svhsacademics/curriculum
we design a curricula for a lifetime learning to encourage self-discovery. new classes include ap art history. recording arts and engineering.
learn moreadmissions
learn about the admissions process, tour our campus, attend an open house, or shadow day, set up personal discussions with staff coaches and much more.
visit svhsathletics programs
st. vincent de paul is offering an increasing variety of sports programs and encourages all students to participate. with some of the best coaches in the area, st. vincent de paul is the place to be!
check out svhs sportsinternational students
described as the “friendliest school in america,” for 10 years we have welcomed students from around the world… and 100% have earned college acceptance.
learn morestudent life
life at svhs is a rich array of opportunities for students to learn, play, develop and socialize. explore clubs, activities, service, campus ministry and much more.
explore life at svhs



 
 





 
849 keokuk street
petaluma, ca 94952
707-763-1032 tel
info@svhs-pet.org

 

faith. service. leadership. school office hours
7:30 am – 3:30 pm
 

 

find us on the map 

 

 
 
 





		© 2023 st. vincent de paul high school all rights reserved. | school workers code of conduct | privacy policy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




				sign up for sv summer camps today!			

be a part of the sv community and get familiar with our academic and athletic programs and offerings in a fun and enriched environment where you will be able to learn from our esteemed faculty and coaches. our camps are held on our beautiful, intimate petaluma campus. sign up here!



			close			
























 


go to top




