














division of safety of dams



























































skip to main content




×


saving your location allows us to provide you with more relevant information.

set location











share:








about


contact


current conditions

settings








×

default
high contrast


reset
increase font sizefont 
decrease font sizefont 












menu

contact


search






 
search this site: 




search

×





homehome


water basics





agriculture
                                    california is an agricultural leader, and it depends on irrigation. 




the california water system
                                    our water system is a complex relationship between nature and manmade structures that move water. 




climate change basics
                                    climate change can have a profound impact on california’s water resources.




conservation tips
                                    water conservation is part of the california lifestyle. 




the delta
                                    the sacramento-san joaquin delta is the heart of california’s water system.




drought
                                    drought is a reoccurring feature of california’s climate. 




environment
                                    california's unique geography and climate foster a diverse ecosystem that relies on water.




flood
                                    california is prone to periodic, and sometimes severe, floods.




groundwater
                                    the water stored beneath our feet is an important water supply source in california.
 






glossary
                                    find definitions of key terms and concepts related to our work.







what we do





dam safety
                                    we provide oversight to the design, construction, and maintenance of over 1,200 dams in california.




education
                                    we provide resources for teachers and other californians to learn about the complex world of water.




emergency management
                                    we protect life and property from catastrophic events such as flood, drought, and infrastructure fai ...




flood preparedness
                                    we work with communities and emergency responders to prepare for flood season.




infrastructure
                                    we construct, maintain and ensure the safety of a many water infrastructure facilities.




power
                                    the swp is the fourth largest producer of energy in the state.




recreation
                                    the swp provides extensive recreational activities at and around its reservoirs.




science
                                    science is integral to our policy and management decisions.




sustainability
                                    our work aims to protect natural ecosystems’ abilities to meet the needs of future generations.




water storage & supply
                                    we operate and maintain the state water project and support sustainable groundwater management.







programs





all programs
                                    learn more about our other programs and projects that help sustainably manage california’s water res ...




bay delta
                                    our work in the sacramento-san joaquin delta aims to improve ecosystems and water quality, supply, r ...




california water plan
                                    we provide a collaborative planning framework to make informed decisions for our water future.




division of safety dams
                                    dsod regulates more than 1200 dams to prevent failure, safeguard life, and protect property. 




engineering & construction
                                    we provide engineering, geology, real estate, and geodetic services for an array of water infrastruc ...




environmental services
                                    we conduct scientific and environmental analysis to help protect and restore the environment.




flood management
                                    our work in statewide flood forecasting and flood operations help reduce flood risk.




groundwater management
                                    we support the sustainable management of california’s underground water reserves.




integrated regional water management
                                    we work with regional water managers to implement solutions that increase regional self-reliance.




state water project
                                    this water storage and delivery system provides water to almost 27 million californians and 750,000  ...




water use & efficiency
                                    we assist agencies and individuals with agricultural and urban water conservation.




climate change
                                    managing climate change and its impact of water supply is one of dwr’s core values.







work with us





careers
                                    join us for a rewarding career ensuring the sustainability of california's water resources.




grants & loans
                                    we offer a number of grant and loan programs that support integrated water management activities.




real estate
                                    we acquire temporary and permanent land rights to support our mission.




procurement
                                    we contract for goods and services through our procurement process.




technical assistance
                                    we provide technical guidance, assistance, and resources through 4 regional offices.




tribal policy
                                    we are committed to open, inclusive, and regular communication with tribal governments, communities.







news





current conditions
                                    we provide real-time hydrologic information, including reservoir and river conditions.




dwr updates
                                    find feature stories, program updates, videos, and more. 




events
                                    view upcoming and past dwr events




news releases
                                    view our news releases for the latest information on our work and projects.




public notices
                                    find notices on public hearings, intent to award contracts and grants, and purchases. 







library





documents
                                    view dwr reports and publications in our document library.




educational materials
                                    we provide educational publications to view, download, and order.




modeling & analysis
                                    we develop and maintain a number of state-of-the-art models and analytical tools.




other dwr portals
                                    dwr maintains several additional web portals containing data and maps. these portals remains unchang ...




photos
                                    pixel – our web-based photo gallery – features free downloadable images of california’s natural reso ...




public forms
                                    we provide an access point to dwr public forms. the directory contains links to electronic versions  ...




videos
                                    view our youtube channel for videos featuring our projects, facilities, and latest news.







search













homeprogramsall programsdivision of safety of dams








division of safety of dams






an aerial view of perris dam and lake perris. dwr/2014.



since august 14, 1929, the state of california has regulated dams to prevent failure, safeguard life, and protect property. the california water code entrusts dam safety regulatory power to dwr, division of safety of dams (dsod). we provide oversight to the design, construction, and maintenance of over 1,200 jurisdictional sized dams in california.
we ensure dam safety by:

reviewing and approving dam enlargements, repairs, alterations, and removals to ensure that the dam appurtenant structures are designed to meet minimum requirements.


 performing independent analyses to understand dam and appurtenant structures performance. these analyses can include structural, hydrologic, hydraulic, and geotechnical evaluations.


overseeing construction to ensure work is being done in accordance with the approved plans and specifications.


inspecting each dam on an annual basis to ensure it is safe, performing as intended, and is not developing issues. roughly 1/3 of these inspections include in-depth instrumentation reviews of the dam surveillance network data.


periodically reviewing the stability of dams and their major appurtenances in light of improved design approaches and requirements, as well as new findings regarding earthquake hazards and hydrologic estimates in california.

information regarding the supervision of dams is provided here to better serve the public, dam owners, and applicants.

dams within jurisdiction of the state of california
information about each jurisdictional dam was obtained from applications and plans submitted by owners, surveys, supplementary information acquired during inspections, and special studies. view the publications section below for more information.

dam owners should read the responsibility and liability brochure (pdf) prepared by the association of state dam and safety officials.
 
 





publications


definitions of downstream hazard and condition assessment


dams within jurisdiction of the state of california listed alphabetically by county


dams within jurisdiction of the state of california listed alphabetically by name


jurisdictional dams listed alphabetically by reservoir name


dams within jurisdiction of the state of california with reservoir restrictions


california jurisdictional dams included in the spillway re-evaluation program (2019)


notice of intent to update inspection and reevaluation protocols


technical advisory panel--inspection and reevaluation protocols--proposed amendments


dsod inspection and reevaluation protocols










                                    dams within state of california jurisdiction
                                
the red dots on this map illustrate the locations of all dams within jurisdiction of the state of california.








resources


army corps of engineers


association of state dam safety officials (asdso)


california office of emergency services


dhs dam sector resources


federal energy regulation commission (ferc)


fema national dam safety


international committee on large dams (icold)


united states society on dams (ussd)
















division of safety of dams

history of california dam safety
statutes and regulations
jurisdictional sized dams
annual & application dam fees
inundation maps
general faqs
division of safety of dams contacts





contact us


general information
phone: (916) 565-7868 email: damsafety@water.ca.gov
view additional information on the dsod contact page. 
 
street address:
     division of safety of dams
     2720 gateway oaks drive, suite 300
     sacramento, ca 95833

 




forms


application for approval of plans and specifications for the construction or enlargement of a dam and reservoir

application form
instructions


application for approval of plans and specifications for the repair or alteration of a dam and reservoir

application form
instructions


application for approval of plans and specifications for the removal of a dam and reservoir

application form
instructions


please contact us to request the following forms:
 
cost affidavit for work complete under application-construction, enlargement, alteration or repair of a dam and reservoir
ownership statement for jurisdictional dam and reservoir







tags

dams
reservoirs
emergency response
dam safety









about


directory


executive bio


organizational chart


careers


email subscriptions




campaigns


register to vote


save our water


flex alert




publications


news releases


water education materials


dwr portals




support


conditions of use


tech specs


help








office of governor
gavin newsom
visit governor website






natural resources agency
wade crowfoot
visit natural resources website






department of water resources
karla nemeth
visit director profile page












back to top

contact


privacy policy


conditions of use


accessibility


fppc disclosures





facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube







                copyright © 2025 state of california
            



 

 

















