







arizona ranch event venue group retreat center oracle az | cod ranch










































 



skip to content














  


search for:








our storyweddingscasitasretreatseventscontact usemail sign up 


search for:








our storyweddingscasitasretreatseventscontact usemail sign upour storyweddingscasitasretreatseventscontact usemail sign up







search for:

















loading...









welcome 



to cod ranch 


discover













groups 



are always welcome 


discover













find 



peace, serenity 


discover















your private 



gateway to the west 


discover















join 



our events 


discover
















choose 



your retreat 


discover


















c.o.d. ranchalegria ford2024-05-03t18:41:58+00:00 
c.o.d. ranch

arizona guest ranch resort – wedding event venue – group retreat center
the historic c.o.d. ranch is an authentic southern arizona guest ranch with resort hotel accommodations and both indoor & outdoor wedding venues for mid-to-large sized (80-250 capacity) wedding ceremonies, wedding receptions, engagement parties, elopements, other events and group retreats.
as one of the most breath-taking historical ranches in the state of arizona, the c.o.d. ranch is a perfect event venue for medium size (30-50) group retreats, or medium-to-large weddings (80-250), family reunions, corporate events, or any other large gathering.
we aim to provide a personalized, warm, caring environment in a beautiful guest ranch resort setting surrounded by blissful views and a nature sanctuary. at the c.o.d ranch, you can breathe fresh air, see the stars, hike, bike or meditate, all while gathering to accomplish inner personal and organizational goals.
with 360 degree views of majestic mountain vistas and beautiful desert landscape, the ranch is a perfect environment for productivity, creativity, and connection. the ranch casitas are also available as vacation rentals for individuals interested in a personal retreat.
when visiting us, you are more than a guest; you are family. our ranch is your ranch.
whatever your group’s needs may be, we strive to customize the experience to your specifications.
everything from menus, to event spaces, are thoughtfully prepared with you in mind.
contact c.o.d. ranch
find out what is happening at the cod ranch!
sign up to receive news & events
if you’d like to learn more about hosting your event at the historic c.o.d ranch, a southern arizona guest ranch resort event venue,
check out our events or group retreats pages, or call 520-850-2452.
we’d love to connect with you! come experience this arizona ranch event venue—book a tour today!
book a tour
sneak away to the c.o.d. ranch
book now
for twenty-five years the historic c.o.d. ranch has been a natural sanctuary
for groups and individuals looking to escape the heat, or the busy energy of city life,
at a beautiful guest ranch resort overlooking thousands of acres of untouched land and mountain vistas.
the c.o.d. ranch offers warm comfortable accommodations, with a caring spirit.
accommodationsconference centeralegria ford2024-05-16t00:57:05+00:00




						conference center					

meeting center




main housealegria ford2023-11-02t23:28:55+00:00


main house


						gallery					


						main house					

main house




patrick’s housealegria ford2023-11-02t22:46:32+00:00




						patrick’s house					

patrick's house




click to see testimonials i had a beautiful time here in the fresh arizona desert at the cod ranch. your food rocks! – wishing you good fortune, michellemichelleour cgcc retreat was an amazing and beautiful thing. we changed our lives and our college for the better, and you are all part of that. – with loving thanks, gilbert chandler community collegegilbert chandler community college thank you for sharing your fire, your food, and your sunrise and sunsets with us. may you be blessed! – janicejanice this place is a haven from the bustle of city life! i enjoyed every minute of it! the staff is so friendly here. everyone went the extra mile. i felt spoiled like a princess! the chef made fabulous food and i loved the coziness of the room. i will be back on my own to bring my family! i love it there! – pascua yaqui retreat, sara c.sara c. thanks for a great time! what a perfect place for a family reunion! – l.l what an amazing experience! we at arizona power yoga in tucson had such a magical time! thank you! – a.j.a.j.



 
 





contact usemail sign upaccommodationseventsgroup retreatssocialterms & conditionspolicies cod ranch
37 s cod ranch rd, oracle, az 85623
(520) 850-2452

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2021 cod ranch | all rights reserved | design & developed by alegria.media 

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link


























































































go to top



