







home - hexahedron 999 vortex revitalized structured water

































hexahedron 999          




                        
                        home

                        
                        about  about the technologyabout the inventorsabout the manufacturer
productsresearchbiophotons
                        videos
                        contact


francais






revitalized vortex water
hexahedron 999â®small change big impact
learn more












part onebiophotons & lines-of-form in structured water

mr. excelex, co-creator of the hexahedron 999 vortex water technology, shares his research and theories on biophotons and lines-of-form in structured water.  note: the referenced ebook "i have a gift of water for you - are you ready to receive it?" - has not been posted yet)filmed by stan cayer - february 9, 2003 















good for you
super hydration - super hydration that nourishes your cells. facilitating better absorption of nutrients  and better elimination of toxins.revitalized water from your tap - the water coming from your tap is revitalized as the result of high velocity vortex action.  transforming stagnant pipe water into water that is more alive.  safer drinking water - removes foul taste and odour. removes chlorine and heavy metals. removes residual deposits of herbicide, pesticide and pharmaceutical contaminants from the water. reduces oxidants on the water.learn more










                            good for your family

                            your whole family will love it - creates a velvety soft water texture with a slightly sweet taste  making it easier and more pleasant to drink - especially for children.  even your pets will love it.cooking, baking, and beverages - enhances the taste and smell of all food - especially baked goods. improves the flavour of all beverages - coffee, tea, juice, etc.softer skin - shinier hair - when bathing or showering creates softer skin and shinnier more manageable hair - while using less soaps and shampoosreduced mineral deposits - good for your appliances, fixtures, and plumbing - reducing replacement costs and maintenancelearn more 










good for the planet
water conservation - enhances plant growth and yield while using less water for hydration  reduce chemical use - results in an overall reduction in the use of pesticides, herbicides, and fertilizersincreased nutritive value of food increases the nutritive value of  foods with a higher brix index resulting in superior tasting producereduce food waste - foods grown with hexahedron 999 water have a significantly longer shelf life. regeneration of lakes - used for the regeneration of lakes and ponds - making them clearer and cleaner in a very short time  learn more















hexahedron 999â® - domestic units









100% stainless steel construction 

zero external energy 

zero movable parts 

zero maintenance 

zero magnets 

zero noise 









hexahedron 999â® - commercial units










let's be friends - follow us :#hexahedron999  #999water  #hexahedronwater   #hexahedron999water  #excelexwater  #vortexwater  #revitalizedwater  #biophotonwater  #resonancewater   #structuredwater  #alivewater   #livingwater  #superstructuredwater  #energizedwater  #photonicwater  #superhydration























highly complex structure regeneroactivesimple structure - generoactivezero structure - degeneroactivepreviousnextclose













hexahedron 999â®  vortex revitalized waterbiophoton water - resonance water - structured waterthree in one - super hydration























                    address
                


licensed manufacturer: 
hexa photon inc. 
p.o. box 97 stn del centre 
yorkton, saskatchewan 
canada s3n 2v6




                    contacts


toll : 877-450-1925 
tel: 306-782-1799  (primary)
tel : 450-759-0715
fax : 306-782-1922
info@hexahedron999.ca





                    links
                


shipping policy 
privacy policy 
return-refund policy 
terms of service












â© 2001 - 2023 copyright/copyclaim 
mrs. e. excelex &/or hexa photon inc. 
all rights reserved










































