



catering toronto | caterers toronto | daniel et daniel





catering toronto | caterers toronto | daniel et daniel
























































































 





 
 



















events venue search
corporate
weddings
private


catering corporate catering
wedding catering
private catering
menus


foodshop order online
cakes
gift cards


the tasting gallery
about us blog
gallery
our team
careers
press
reviews
involvement
policies


 contact 
















 
toronto catering & events
exceeding expectations
one plate at a time


looking for the food shop?

order here  
facebook
twitter
pinterest
instagram
linkedin











 

 
event planning


grace and creativity with a
sharp eye for detail 
the time-honored art of event planning requires skill, attention to detail, and finesse. from corporate parties to unforgettable weddings and more intimate private gatherings, we organize every aspect of your event so you can shine on your special day.
explore venues



 

 
event catering


sumptuous cuisine meets
impeccable service
renowned for creating unique culinary experiences for the most distinguished tastes, we strive to make your dining experience memorable. using locally sourced and seasonal ingredients, we design and serve the perfect menu for your event.
available offerings



 

 
food shop


a homemade touch
in every dish
our quaint cabbagetown food shop attracts people from across toronto with our flavoursome fare, including gourmet dinners, pastries, and european staples. warm welcomes are at the top of our menu, so stop in today.
explore shop






 












toronto event
planning specialists
with 50 venues in the gta
our team thrives in the world of event planning and coordination. the planning services offered by daniel et daniel are all-encompassing and integrate everything from venue selection, lighting, and entertainment to décor. we have partnered with the most reputable suppliers in toronto to ensure your event runs smoothly.
explore our toronto event planning services and event venues



 

 












the best catering
in toronto
since 1980
at daniel et daniel, we cater to toronto’s most memorable occasions and landmark events. whether you need catering for a corporate event, wedding, or private function, our catering consultants will work with you to design a seasonal, fresh, and a customized menu to your taste and dietary requirements. as one of the best caterers in toronto, we are proud to cater for your events, large and small.
learn more about our toronto catering services



 






 







cabbagetown’s gourmet food shop
with a parisian twist
since opening its doors 40 years ago, our trendy cabbagetown food shop has become an icon in the community, serving up the freshest salads, pastries, and meals ready to enjoy in time for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. come by today to see why we’ve been voted the best toronto gourmet takeout.
find out more about our toronto food and cake shop!

 















recent catering events and news
by daniel et daniel





 



                five of the best fall wedding venues in toronto            

as toronto’s top catering company, we have in-depth experience in both wedding catering and wedding planning. we recently wrote about the “pros and cons of having a backyard wedding in toronto” and were really happy to hear how this helped many couples with their wedding plans. as summer is almost over and we are heading

                            guillaume clairet,
                        october 28, 2021        






 



                turn a typical toronto backyard into a wedding venue            

it’s no secret that covid19 and the provincial government’s planning have left toronto’s top wedding venues with a backlog of weekend bookings till 2023.  as the province starts reopening, couples are racing to book their weddings that have been postponed, rescheduled, and canceled due to the pandemic. whether you’re making wedding plans for the first

                            guillaume clairet,
                        june 23, 2021        






 



                pride 365: embracing lgbtq+ year round            

companies that approach pride as a year-round cornerstone of their culture and not just a once-a-year marketing tactic get my support. by ken marshall, project manager, daniel et daniel catering & events on june 30th, 1985 – back when pride was just a day – i stood in the middle of cawthra park on church

                            guillaume clairet,
                        june 10, 2021        










sign up to receive updates and news from daniel et daniel: 


leave this field empty if you're human: 






 


guillaume clairethome06.28.2021






linkedin
facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest


daniel et daniel is a leading caterer in toronto. we are client focused, food driven and excel at catering events of the highest caliber. contact us to find out how we can make your next event a success.

248 carlton street, toronto ontario m5a 2l1
copyright © 2023 by daniel et daniel. all rights reserved. privacy policy

 


























































