









new jersey attractions association
















 po box 178, seaside heights, nj
                    08751
                







 email
                        us here


















              +
            
                        join today!
 732-240-0000












 

  
    



home
about us
 members & officers

membership directory
officers & directors
committees
past presidents
past honorees


join njaa
 events

upcoming events
expo
naarso
newsletter
scholarships
njaa excellence award recipients
                            


archives
health insurance
members sign up
login
contact us











 welcome to the new jersey attractions association
 promoting.....
the serious business of having fun!


learn
                        more





 serving the amusement industry
 njaa
 safety, health and economic betterment
njaa monitors and supports legislation that benefits our
                    industry. as a member you will be kept informed of pending legislation and regulations
                    concerning ride safety, gaming issues, labor, ada, environmental and health codes.-

learn
                        more





 join today and earn member benefits
 njaa perks!
 local & international discounts
 the new jersey attractions association offers a variety
                    of discounts to members and their employees! 
learn more










  

join njaa

learn about the benefits that membership will offer you, including information and
            perks!
        



  

expo

watch for information updates on our 27th annual east coast gift & variety show 2023
        




  

online naarso

13th annual east coast/mid atlantic regionlaized naarso outreach safety school.



  

scholarships

keep up to date on upcoming events and latest news within the association.











            about
          
                    njaa
the njaa is a pro-active organization, identifying concerns, while working for the safety, health and
                    overall economic betterment of the amusement industry.

the njaa promotes the serious business of having fun in a safe manner.
the njaa maintains successful working relationships with othe associations as well as supporting
                        legislation that benefits our industry.
                    
 the njaa is a socially active association. we publish a quarterly newsletter as well as well as
                        an annual membership directory that is on-line, and an ongoing scholarship fund that was formed
                        in 1990.
                    

the njaa fosters, promotes and advances the amusement industry in the state of new jersey. learn more >

 













njaa annual directory













important: press release
                        games 2023
click here for nj minor
                        labor laws presentation 
new jersey covid-19 information and announcements 
 please click here for important links and information
                    regarding your business and the covid-19 pandemic. 




reopening guidlelines safe play  click here
covid-19 amendment

                in an effort to protect the safety of our employees, guests and the communities where we work, live and
                play, we have implemented certain precautionary measures designed to stop the spread of covid-19. first
                and foremost, if you are feeling sick please stay home and seek medical attention if necessary. if you
                are diagnosed with covid-19, notify your supervisor immediately. second, if you begin to feel sick while
                at work, immediately notify your supervisor and you will be sent home or sent for medical attention if
                necessary. third, if you have been exposed to someone that is symptomatic or has tested positive for
                coronavirus, please let your supervisor know before reporting work. you may be requested to quarantine
                before returning to work in compliance with cdc and eeoc regulations.

                all employees will be required to wear personal protective equipment (ppe), including a face mask and
                gloves, while at work. employees must attempt to maintain 6 feet distance, practicing social distancing
                at all times. finally, employees are required to clean and disinfect their immediate work areas and
                shared equipment routinely.

                *these precautionary measures are based upon the cdc and eeoc s recommended practices. they are subject
                to change based upon advice of cdc and eeoc.


                additional points to consider when planning for re-opening

                1. temperatures: 
                a. if you are implementing a policy to take employee temperatures before work, be sure that the policy
                is applied evenly to all employees. 
                b. utilize the cdc recommended 100.4 degrees as the cut-off for fever 
                c. keep a record of employee temperatures to confirm that you are following policy. the record, however,
                must be maintained as a confidential medical record. 
                d. be sure to use forehead scanner thermometer 
                e. try to limit exposure of person taking employee temperatures, by requiring both employees to wear a
                mask
                2. ppe
                a. consider whether you will be providing the employee with ppe. if not, consider what is an appropriate
                uniform ppe mask and provide instruction on how to sanitize ppe masks between use. 
                3. sanitizing area
                a. instruct employees to keep their immediate work area sanitized routinely. 
                4. cross-training employees
                a. it may be beneficial to cross-train employees on different job responsibilities should there be a
                staffing shortage. 
                5. shifts 
                a. schedule employees on shifts that do not come in contact with another shift of employees, in an
                effort to reduce potential exposure amongst employees. for example: shift a (monday-wednesday and every
                other sunday); shift b (thursday-saturday and every other sunday). 
                b. accommodations: 
                i. be mindful and flexible if employees request accommodations (i.e.- allergy to latex gloves, etc.).
                
                c. reporting exposure:
                i. if an employee is confirmed to have covid-19 infection, employers should inform fellow employees of
                their possible exposure to covid-19 in the workplace but maintain confidentiality as required by the
                americans with disabilities act (ada). the employer should instruct fellow employees about how to
                proceed based on the cdc public health recommendations for community-related exposure.
                d. returning to work following illness or exposure: 
                i. the cdc website is constantly changing and providing advice as to when employees can return to work.
                
                ii. timing method: persons with covid-19 who have symptoms and were directed to care for themselves at
                home may discontinue isolation under the following conditions:
                1. at least 3 days (72 hours) have passed since recovery defined as resolution of fever without the use
                of fever-reducing medications and 
                2. improvement in respiratory symptoms (e.g., cough, shortness of breath); and,
                3. at least 7 days have passed since symptoms first appeared
                iii. testing method: persons with covid-19 who have symptoms
                1. resolution of fever without the use of fever-reducing medications and
                2. improvement in respiratory symptoms (e.g., cough, shortness of breath) and
                3. negative results of an fda emergency use authorized molecular assay for covid-19 from at least two
                consecutive upper respiratory swab specimens collected =24 hours apart*** (total of two negative
                specimens). see interim guidelines for collecting, handling, and testing clinical specimens from persons
                under investigation (puis) for 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-ncov)for specimen collection guidance.
                iv. testing method: persons with covid-19 with no symptoms 
                1. discontinue isolation when at least 7 days have passed since the date of their first positive
                covid-19 viral test and have had no subsequent illness provided they remain asymptomatic. for 3 days
                following discontinuation of isolation, these persons should continue to limit contact (stay 6 feet away
                from others) and limit potential of dispersal of respiratory secretions by wearing a covering for their
                nose and mouth whenever they are in settings where other persons are present. in community settings,
                this covering may be a barrier mask, such as a bandana, scarf, or cloth mask. the covering does not
                refer to a medical mask or respirator.
            


          the njaa fosters, promotes and advances the amusement industry in the state of new jersey.
        

the njaa is a pro-active organization identifying concerns, while working for
                the safety, health and overall economic betterment of the amusement industry. the njaa promotes the
                serious business of having fun in a safe manner as a vital element of the state's economy. the njaa
                maintains successful working relationships with othe associations as well as supporting legislation that
                benefits our industry. the njaa is a socially active association. we publish a quarterly newsletter as
                well as well as an annual membership directory that is on-line, and an ongoing scholarship fund that was
                formed in 1990.
                the new jersey attractions association offers this response to the recent online article about the
                safety record of certain new jersey amusement parks.

                we believe that the recent online article included a catchy headline but missed the real story of
                amusement ride safety in new jersey! in fact, amusement parks in new jersey offer a high degree of
                safety and family fun thanks to stringent ride safety rules enforced by the state of new jersey in
                partnership with amusement and water park members of the new jersey amusement association. indeed, we
                believe that the headline should read that statistics prove that safety is a high priority of every
                amusement park operator in the state!
                before any amusement ride is allowed to open to the public, new jersey requires the ride to be designed
                and built to the highest industry standards and approved by state ride engineers. once the ride design
                is approved and the ride installed, the ride is inspected and tested annually by state ride inspectors.
                that
                's not all; on a daily basis, every ride in every park is tested, inspected and maintained by certified
                maintenance technicians employed by the park and every ride is operated by trained ride operators.
                unfortunately, ride injury statistics were misinterpreted by the author of the recent online article and
                do not accurately reflect ride safety in any park. in fact, the number of minor incidents has gone down
                every year since 2001 when the new safety rules went into effect and serious incidents in new jersey are
                rare.
                new jersey amusement parks have always been enjoyed by millions of patrons every year and operators of
                new jersey amusement parks, both large and small, will continue to offer safe, fun and innovative rides
                and attractions to increasing numbers visitors.

                lary i. zucker, esq. - attorney at law




            for more policies: please visit: https://pooloperationmanagement.com/about/policies/










featured members & associations






 

 


  

 


  

 

  


  


 

  


 

 


  


 


 

 

 


















 address

 po box 178, seaside heights, nj 08751




phone
732-240-0000


 copyright © 2024-2025 website design new
                                jersey 






get social






join today
enjoy our membership benefits!









































