





































    
    flarent inc - your management and rental specialists
  
  
















          


       our company



  landlords


   rental management services



  landlord portal





  tenants


   tenants



  pay rent



  residents benefits package





  for rent



  make a payment


   pay rent





  blog



  contact us



  leave us a review





       

 










  





          
 
pay rent



  


 





 



          

 

 





   



 info@flarent.com


   

     our company



  landlords


   rental management services



  landlord portal





  tenants


   tenants



  pay rent



  residents benefits package





  for rent



  make a payment


   pay rent





  blog



  contact us



  leave us a review











           

  your central florida property managers
serving orange, seminole, volusia and osceola counties

  

get started



 

  need a property manager now?
get started with just 3 easy stepsin as little as 24 hours!

  

speak with an expert



 

  competitive rates guaranteed
assure the best rates for your property maintenance needs.

  

get started



 

  tailored property management services
get your first month free!

  

special offer



 
  30 years experience
serving orange, seminole, volusia and osceola counties

  

learn more



 

  we're here to serve you 24/7
maximize your properties experience in central florida!

  

view services






 reliable family owned property management company
serving central florida for over 30 years.

    

 

 

 





  we’ll help you save money,
time and the stress of managing your properties!

 request our rental management package
   

 new field:

 new field:

 

 

 request a rental management packet
   full service rental



  leasing only



  investors services



  other service(s) please write any comments in the box below





 source
 
website
google ads
facebook
instagram
event/tradeshow
reference/other


 comments:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




    our goals

 we are here to
serve you 24/7
our team offers the highest quality service and integrity. have peace of mind in knowing that your property is being managed 24 hours a day, 365 days a year!

   
 maximizing earnings while minimizing your expenses

 
 re-evaluate every year the rent market to ensure you have the maximum rent rate

 
 have a timely and proper rental collections and payables disbursement

 
 give you an up-to-date reporting and complete accountability






    property
management services
 our team has experience in managing rental properties, condominiums and homeowners’ associations, providing a wide range of accounting and financial services. we measure the success of our management by the satisfaction of our owners, investors and community associations the attainment of long-term financial goals.  long term rental servicesleasing services onlyinvestor pro servicesforeign investor servicescommunity association management services
   

contact us


 



    ﻿our company strength
 
here at flarent, inc., we provide a wide range of professional services to meet your needs since 1991.  we understand the importance of our responsibility to support our customers. that’s why we go above and beyond to be there for everyone involved in our services. 
as a property management company, we strive every day to manage each one of our rental properties and community associations to the highest and strictest of standards complying with all florida statutes.
in fact, we measure our success based on the satisfaction of our various stakeholders and their ability to reach their long-term financial goals.
we promise to provide every service with a smile, and to your highest level of satisfaction.


   
 owners/landlords
  drive profit from day one
 florida has strong landlord-tenant laws that are very specific about a landlord’s obligations. 
we, as a professional property management company, have vast knowledge and experience to comply with all florida statutes. 
–example:  florida statutes 83.49 required landlord’s to send a notice to the tenant of the intention to impose a claim for damages upon their security deposit within the 30-day period or he forfeits his right to impose a claim upon the security deposit. also, all our forms, addendums and leases are attorney generated. whether you are looking for a long term rental, leasing only or investors services, we will be more than happy to send you over our rental management service packet for review at any time, no cost, no obligation.
 
  

request your rental package


 
 investor pro services
  25 properties or more
 together we can create an individual financial and administrative profile on your properties customizing our services. 
 your way! ﻿by having a dedicated property management team, we can offer our personalized service, expertise and professionalism that guarantees the maximum return from your investment, while maintaining your property at the highest standards to attract the best tenants possible.let's work together! 
 foreign investors

 ensure your florida properties
 our company is a dedicated property management firm with 30 years of experience doing business with foreign investors looking to maximize the return on their real estate investments.as a foreign investor, it is important that you understand what affects you and what are your responsibilities in the sale or rent of real estate in united states.  
it is your responsibility to obtain your tax id and a completed w-8 ben before you do business in usa. without a personal taxpayer identification number (itin and completed w-8ben) you are subject to backup withholding at 30%.irs form needed to do business in usa:form w-8 ben 
certificate of foreign status of beneficial owner for us tax withholding and reporting (individuals)we are here to help you! it is our objective to professionally manage each property with the highest level of service, while staying in compliance with our federal, state and local laws and keep up-to-date with industry standards.   

contact us


 
 community associations
  services for any sized community
 ﻿flarent inc. understands the important responsibility we have to our boards and residents.  it is our objective to sensitively manage each property with the highest level of service standards.   
 
we are a 'total solution' property service agency to oversee the daily operations and beautification of your community, assisting with specific needs of the communities administratively, financially and operationally, while adhering to governing documents of your community and addressing requests in a timely manner. for more information of our hoa services please request your association management packet for review at any time, no cost, no obligation. 
  

association management




   
   



 innovative marketing and advertising techniques

 the rent market is growing now, and this is the best time to get you the maximum rental rate with a tenant to increase your profits while minimizing your expenses.  
we will use innovative marketing and advertising techniques to rent your property quickly.  we attract a greater number of tenants by many internet websites and advertising profiles, etc.  we structure each campaign individually to suit your needs.
 
  












 thorough tenant screening

 we will perform a thorough tenant screening to find quality tenant.  our five-point screening process includes: credit history
 rental/mortgage history
 employment verification  and/or income sources
 criminal background
 eviction search
why this is important? 
because the quality of your resident will determine the outcome of your investment more than anything else.
 
  


 financial reports
 monthly statementswe give you up-to-date reporting and complete accountability.  statements and invoices are available online through our owner’s online portal or if you prefered we will send it by mail on a monthly basis.end of year financial statement and 1099'severy year before the end of january, we will generate your 1099's electronically to the irs. your form 1099-misc will be sent to you by mail, or shared electronically or both whichever you preferred.additionally, you should receive an end of year financial statement listing all income (including prepaid rent) and all expenses paid during the previous year.


    local community associations we manage!

   

 crystal reserve
at lake mary, fl

 

 tiffany woods
at oviedo, fl


 

 orange grove park
at casselberry, fl

 

 grand reserve

at winter springs, fl







   meet the team



   
   jessica hall

 broker, lcam    notary public 
jessica hall speak’s parents, geoff and carol hall, started the flarent when she was a child. in the early years she helped with house cleanings and repairs. after graduating college and earning her real state license she came on full time as an administrative staffer and began managing her own portfolio of properties. she eventually got her community association manager license and began managing homeowner’s associations and condominium associations. she has been a member of narpm since 2006 and held a position as treasurer for the local chapter. she strives to lead her team with empathy and mutual respect. she cares for her clients and works hard to help them meet their financial goals. in addition to her passion for continuing the great business her family built, jessica is also a professional musician and music teacher. in her free time, she enjoys running with her running club and she volunteers at local schoolsmentoring at-risk students.



   
   james ebanks

 operations manager |
james began his real estate career in 2002, while working with his father as a client service manager for the family owned general construction company. as our operations manager, his main role is to ensure that our team and clients are being supported and attended to in a timely manner. one of his favorite moto’s is “for every problem, there is a solution”. james is also one of our property managers, who maintains a rental portfolio, and currently manages three community associations. he is also very involved with helping the company create and implement our business development plans. james is a big believer in putting people first, and truly loves his role within the company and enjoy all aspects of the business. when not working, you can find james, either on the soccer field or hanging out on the boat with friends and family. 



   
   caromy vera

 senior account manager | notary public for the state of floridacaromy is a real estate veteran, having been in the industry since 2001. her profesional career began when she graduated from the university of puerto rico and decided to make central florida her home base. with over two decades' experience under her belt, flarent has benefited immensely by caromy's sharp eye for value within properties and property management excellence!



   
   lee tikasingh

 asset manager | 
mr. lee tikasingh, originally born in trinidad, but later migrated to the boston, massachusetts in 1986 where he lived until moving to florida in 1999. lee has a passion for sports and astronomy. “i carry my passion for sports over into my work life with the concept of communication and teamwork. i enjoy meeting new people and visiting new places.”we’re excited that lee has decided to follow the footsteps of his father and continue his legacy in the property management business. lee to the team, and to the bright future that’s ahead in his new career.



   
   robert vasquez

 senior asset manager |  robert vazquez is our current senior property manager. robert has been in the property management, real estate sales and construction industry for the past 40 years. 
he has held several real estate designations in the past including osceola county board of realtors, mid florida board of realtors, & national association of property managers (narpm) and is currently a member of the central florida real estate investors (cfri).if you are interested in evaluating and analyzing a prospective real estate investment in central florida, looking for professional property management / leasing or help in acquisitions, he can answer all your questions!



   
yolanda nazario 

 client support specialist   |  if you are interested in evaluating and analyzing a prospective real estate investment in central florida, looking for professional property management / leasing or help in acquisitions, he can answer all your questions!



  


    what our clients have to say...
 

 “ james is always on top of every situation"
"the people at fla rent, inc are absolutely amazing. property manager james is always on top of every situation and always concerned for the renters. i have never encountered more knowledgeable, friendly, and such a kind, honest group of people. we have been renting, thus far, two years with them. thank you, fla rent, inc.."

-melissa rocque
5 star google review
 
 “we deeply appreciate the prompt service, attention to detail, and …”
"my partner and i have used this agency for 15 years to manage the two rental homes we own. even though we live near our properties, we could never begin to manage them as efficiently as fla rent does. we deeply appreciate the prompt service, attention to detail, and common sense that kenny t. (previously) and now erin evans bring to their work. we have recommended them to many people -- landlords and tenants -- over the years."

- karen money williams
5 star google review




   
 interested in our services? we’re here to help!
 ﻿we want to know your needs exactly so that we can provide the perfect solution. let us know what you want and we’ll do our best to help.    

contact us









       associations & affiliations
      



 (407) 339-5797


      






 (407) 339-6763


     



 info@flarent.com (for rental information)/ yourcommunity@flarent.com (for hoa)


     



 1488 seminola blvd, casselberry, fl 32707, united states


     



 9:00am to 5:00pm m-f


     



 toll-free: (800) 299-5797


    


  


  





 quick links    tenant portal
    






   homeowner portal
    






   landlord portal
    






   contact your 
lcam
    






   rental application﻿
    






  

for rent

 




   sitemap © 2022 all rights reserved. flarent, inc
 

















































































































  
  share by:





   




