








puerto rico transportation, food and walking tours by tour guide debbie







































call (787) 605-9060



         ☰
                


call (787) 605-9060




western puerto rico

san sebastián
isabela



old san juan

2 hrs history walks
night history walks



food tours

rum tasting @ isabela
thanksgiving day


faq
blogs













cultural & food tours in puerto rico



























hello, i am tour guide debbie.
 hello,  i am tour guide debbie.







 my tour (s)

i have worked as a tour designer since 1998 and licensed tour guide since july 1999.
                        during my specialize interactive cultural tours in puerto rico you will:


my tour (s)
i have worked as a tour designer since 1998 and licensed tour guide since july 1999. 
                during my specialize interactive cultural tours you will:







san sebastián history
discover puerto rico's "18th century hidden gem" in the north west.
enjoy a leaisure walk while listening to the town's history.  have hands on weaving a hammock at the charming town of san sebastián during a 2 hours walking tour.



read moreusd50







history of isabela
religious and archeological spanish sites
explore the religious and archeological spanish sites in isabela, puerto rico. you will be entertain while listening to the unique history of a charming town with beautiful coastal scenery and historical sites during a 4 hours walking and sightseeing tour.

read moreusd70







spirits of puerto rico
add a joyful spirit to your evening.
 join my rum tasting with tradicional puerto rican foods and socialize with locals and travelers.  you will learn tasting technics and prepare your own tropical cocktail. this food tour consists of meals and rums served in a typical puerto rican household.


read moreusd100pp






















night tales in  old san juan
journey into spanish colonial times,listen what happen before, during and after the battles during a 2 hours night walking tour. ideal locations to create your own stories with pictures.



read moreusd50pp







story of old san juan
history lovers having fun.
a 2 hours walking tour about the rise of a colonial town inside the fortress city of puerto rico. know why is one of the oldest city in the americas.   visit and know why some of the oldest historical sites in the new world were built in old san juan.



read moreusd50pp







thanksgiving day tour
tourist attrractions will be closed!
 board the bus to have fun with us on  november 27, 2025.  celebrate thanksgiving day in puerto rico while eating succulent slowly roasted pork with puerto rican traditional dishes. vegetarian dishes and bbq chicken and turkey available.



read moreusd100pp













travelers reviews available at...
travelers reviews available at...



































































© 2000-2025 tour guide debbie llc
call: (787) 605-9060
users of this site agree to be bound by our 
tour policies and website usage terms




type of tours

tour a coastal town in the west
battles & legends
san sebastián walking tour
puerto rico rum tasting tour



blogs

tips for cruise ship passengers
puerto rico pasteles
halloween cake with puerto rican rum
tips to find a tour guide
puerto rico coquito

back to top



call and book tour guides that offers tours in aguada, aguadilla, isabela, moca and san sebastian, puerto rico







