






center for sacred sciences























































        subscribe	



please fill in this fieldplease fill in this field
eventsnewsletter 



















 



































homeaboutmission and programsaims and purposesnondual traditionsnew worldviewour teachingsour practicesour teachersboard and stafffaqparticipatecalendar of eventsweekly public meetingsmonthly public meditationdistance studies coursefoundation studies coursepractitioners groupretreatswriting workshop video seriespublicationsbooksaudio onlinearticles onlinevideo onlinenewsletterholos journalsubscription formnewsletter submissionlibrarycenter libraryrecommended readingwrite a reviewlibrary catalogcontactcontact usmeeting locationgeneral inquirysubscribe to newsletter/holosreport bug to webmastermembershow to joinsupport the centermember pledge formfinancial reports-----foundation studies coursepractitioners groupsmember letters & formsupdate contact info-----member login

























center for sacred sciences






featured

 


is there a truth shared by all religions?is it compatible with modern science? can we verify this truth for ourselves? 
our answer to these questions is yes. thus, our mission includes three corresponding goals:
shared nondual truth. although the world's great religious traditions have obvious outer (or exoteric) differences, one of our goals is to demonstrate that they also share an inner (or esoteric) truth testified to by their mystics.  new sacred worldview.  we are also working to lay the foundations for a new worldview in which the truth realized by the mystics and the truths of modern science can be seen as compatible ways of understanding the same underlying reality.  community of practitioners.  to help individual seekers, we maintain a community of spiritual practitioners who wish to follow the teachings and practices of the mystics of all the great nondual traditions, presented in generic, contemporary terms.

 
the center is a member-supported non-profit organization. 
support the center
 

 
css spiritual director joel morwood was interviewed by shawn nevins of spiritualteachers.org. in the interview, joel discusses aspects of his own path, effort vs non-effort, his time with franklin merrell-wolff, and the development of his teachings.
interview with joel
 

 
the way of selflessness: a practical guide to enlightenment based on the teachings of the world's great mystics by joel morwood (2nd edition, 2019)
"a spiritual treasure." – huston smith
preview or order.  
 









calendar

public meetings take place most sundays at 11 am. see our events calendar for the complete schedule of public talks, library hours, practitioners group meetings, retreats, and other special events
accounts of awakening

read or view accounts of awakening
site search

search







©2025 center for sacred sciences. all rights reserved.
























homeaboutmission and programsaims and purposesnondual traditionsnew worldviewour teachingsour practicesour teachersboard and stafffaqparticipatecalendar of eventsweekly public meetingsmonthly public meditationdistance studies coursefoundation studies coursepractitioners groupretreatswriting workshop video seriespublicationsbooksaudio onlinearticles onlinevideo onlinenewsletterholos journalsubscription formnewsletter submissionlibrarycenter libraryrecommended readingwrite a reviewlibrary catalogcontactcontact usmeeting locationgeneral inquirysubscribe to newsletter/holosreport bug to webmastermembershow to joinsupport the centermember pledge formfinancial reports-----foundation studies coursepractitioners groupsmember letters & formsupdate contact info-----member login







