










home - american canyon chamber of commerce & welcome center






















































  














skip to content































menu 
homewho we are chamber blog chamber leadership chamber groups i am, i can spotlight business map of american canyon contact uswhat we do catalyst convener champion business resources local job openings info requestmembership member login benefits of membership member application member directory member news member to member deals hot dealsevents













































 














meet me in the street food truck application


















american canyon















"discover the thriving businesses and vibrant community that make american canyon the perfect place to live, work, and grow."












welcome to the






american canyon chamber of commerce






the american canyon chamber of commerce is a  catalyst for business growth and development, a convener of business leaders and influencers, and a champion for a greater american canyon. we know that when local business thrives, our community prospers.
the american canyon chamber is open monday through friday from 10:00am - 3:00pm.


















contact us


















check out our







latest member bulletin







check out the latest happenings with our chamber membership







latest member bulletin



























get involved







volunteers needed







we need your help!  we have opportunities throughout the year to bring amazing events to our community.  email us to let us know you're interested.


















blog posts













 

 



empowering youth through kids commerce: a new era with the american canyon chamber of commerce foundation



				by aquisenberry_allen@amcanchamber.org 
 | 

					january 23, 2025				


the american canyon chamber of commerce is thrilled to announce the launch of the third year of our signature program, kids commerce. this year, however, marks a significant milestone: kids commerce will now operate under the newly established american canyon…




 

 



a big political year for american canyon



				by aquisenberry_allen@amcanchamber.org 
 | 

					august 9, 2024				


get involved! upcoming candidates forum: your voice matters the american canyon chamber of commerce is excited to announce our upcoming candidates forum on thursday, october 3rd. this year’s event is particularly important as we have both a mayor’s race and…




 

 



meet me in the street



				by growthzone 
 | 

					april 4, 2024				


join us for the ultimate summer street festival: “meet me in the street” american canyon! mark your calendars because “meet me in the street” is back, and it’s bigger and better than ever before! hosted by the american canyon chamber…




 

 



candidates forum



				by growthzone 
 | 

					january 25, 2024				


the american canyon chamber of commerce is proud to have a role in the election and voting process here in american canyon. on wednesday, january 24th, we hosted a candidates forum for the upcoming district 5 napa county supervisor position…




 

 



“american canyon eats” – restaurant campaign



				by growthzone 
 | 

					november 17, 2023				


supporting our local restaurants   in an ongoing effort to stay true to our mission, the american canyon chamber of commerce is launching a local restaurant campaign featuring different local restaurants weekly from october 2023 to march 2024. we understand…

































we are the







catalyst







for business growth and development




















we are the







convener







of business leaders and influencers




















we are a







champion







for a strong and thriving community






































testimonials













"the chamber supports our business interests in the green island road district. it brings us up to date information and assists with business to business collaboration on issues pertinent to our area. building relationships fosters better business for all involved."jessica tuteur ~ infinity bottling ~ member since 2018 

"the chamber is extremely responsive, usually responding to questions i've had within hours. everyone i've dealt with has been professional, prompt, friendly and helpful."laura vaughan ~ boys and girls club of the napa valley ~ member since 1995 

“i believe that every business in a community should belong to and support their local chamber of commerce. what i find particularly valuable about the american canyon chamber is how they help our association become more connected with community.”rex stultz ~ napa valley vintners ~  member since 2001  

“western wine services has been a member of the chamber for many years, and we regard it as an excellent source of information on the local political scene, to assist businesses.  one of the main reasons why the chamber is fully engaged in their mission is the extraordinary energy and communicative skills of the chamber president/ceo, valerie zizak-morais.  she gets a lot of work done.”steve waller ~ western wine services ~ member since 2003 

"the american canyon chamber of commerce, under valerie zizak-morais’ leadership, provides an invaluable resource of support and connection. it proactively builds bridges from business to business, business to local government, and business to community. only a phone call or email away, it has given our business personalized help in navigating through a few hurdles over the years. as a small business, we really appreciate that. thank you, american canyon chamber!karen kazman ~ paintball jungle ~ member since 2000 

"i'm new to the chamber and a new business owner. the city of american canyon chamber of commerce provides local businesses an opportunity to not only network, but to strengthen the community. valerie and allen are advocates for their members and it's a lot of fun."davet mohammed ~ paradigm consulting services ~ member since 2023 

"i know while i am focused on my business, the chamber is advocating for us. the chamber keeps their eyes on the 30,000 foot view of american canyon. if there is something that business need to be aware of, they let us know."bill harper ~ valley wine warehouse ~ member since 2010 

"we appreciate being part of this great community and city of american canyon. it's great to be able to meet, interact and stay up to date with other local businesses in the city of american canyon. we hope to continue being a valued partner and support the american canyon chamber of commerce."von altizer ~ napa valley casino ~ member since 2006 




























                                redwood credit union                            














                                mezzetta                            














                                napa valley vintners                            














                                visit napa valley                            














                                city of american canyon                            














                                pg&e                            














                                recology                            














                                valley wine warehouse                            














                                fast signs                            














                                team kasama lee                            














                                eagle vines                            














                                wine direct                            














                                r.h. hess developement company                            














                                coca cola                            














                                del sur mortgage                            














                                icc stravinski                            














                                vinfillment                            














                                kaiser                            














                                western wine services                            














                                infinity bottling                             














                                adobe lumber                            














                                california capital investment group                            














                                mce clean energy                            














                                atlantic aviation                            














                                alkar hr                            














                                northbay healthcare                            














                                buzz oates                            














                                at&t                            














                                napa valley casino                            














                                last bottle wines                            














                                bel king indian grill                            














                                wine down media                            














                                99.3 fm the vine                            














                                1440 am mega mix                            






















                                business directory                            














                                join today                            














                                business spotlight                            














                                networking groups                            














                                latest news                            














                                explore american canyon                            























thank you to our






community impact partners









 












© 2025 american canyon chamber of commerce & welcome center
 | 
site by growthzone


















3860 broadway street. #103 | american canyon, ca 94503 | 707.552.3650 | chamber@amcanchamber.org






 © 

 american canyon chamber of commerce & welcome center.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















