

  small store homepage - bear scents               
  
skip to contentmy accountorder trackingblogcontactstore menu(888-215-bear (2327)facebooktwittergoogle+search:
 

bear scentsbear scents quality baits and lures
homebear attractantsdeer attractantsboar attractantsbear down food plot seedantler mount kitscontact usblog$0.000
view cartcheckoutno products in the cart.
subtotal: $0.00
view cartcheckoutabout snacksbenefitsonline storecontactfind in storesdue to a heavy volume of orders expect 2-3 days for orders to ship

 
buynow family owned & operatedbear scentsthe industry’s premier maker of bear scents and attractants
find in stores 
buy online     welcome to bear scents llc
about bear scentsour philosphywe are the industry leader in bear baits and attractants. through research and innovation  our products have developed a reputation to consistently attract and hold bear at your bait sites.at bear scents we are not only committed to the health and population of the american black bear but we are committed to our customers success and producing quality products.purchase now!contact uswhy everybody loves our products

premium qualitywe use only the best quality products in our baits and attractants.
ready to useour products are ready to use right out of the container.
natural ingredientsour products use natural ingredients
innovativewe are constantly innovating to produce the best quality products on the market.
secret ingridientssome of the best most closely guarded ingredients are used in our products.
suitable for animalsour baits are animal safe.purchase bear scents online
final pursuit tvthis beast couldn’t resist the hog attractant from bear scents llc. it smell somewhat like sweet corn and is extremely potent. i could smell it 80 yards away. also check out there extensive line of attractants and lures. ~lloydorin carlsonawesome product, i have used bacon gel, loganberry, secret blend, hickory smoke and blueberry sprays..all with great results for pulling the bears in, and the blueberry spray make a great marten lure for all the marten trappers out there also!tim saindonbear scents llc hickory smoke!!! i can’t believe it!?!?!? hands down 100% positive this is the strongest smelling liquid smoke i have ever used…. it takes your breath away!!!how to make an order?
1. select your product2. add it to the shoppint cart3. complete the checkout form4. enter desired shipping address5. receive your order & enjoy!have any questions?

mail us!sales@bearscents.com
call us!(888-215-bear (2327)920-648-5943
name *
e-mail *
telephone *
send message!© 2018 all rights reserved. bear scents llchomebear attractantsdeer attractantsboar attractantsbear down food plot seedantler mount kitscontact usblogpreviously used menu 4go to top          







