

canada 4 fishing - the canada fishing guide








canada 4 fishing 









walleye - northern pike - salmon - trout - bass - muskie - arctic char fishing












fishing resorts

flyin & outposts

fishing guides
			& charters

deep sea fishing

camp & fish

pond fishing

ice fishing



walleye fishing

northern pike

trout fishing

salmon fishing

bass fishing

muskie fishing

arctic char 



fishing tips

fish recipes

visitor info

 














canada 4 fishing - your canada fishing adventures guide












this site is all about fishing in canada  & the excitement that canada offers.  there is a lot to talk about as nothing beats a fishing adventure in canada. try trophy fishing for our walleye, northern pike, king salmon, lake trout, brook trout, rainbows, arctic char, bass or muskie. fishing trips in canada offer a great getaway and a satisfying outdoor adventure for fishermen and fishing families. in canada fishing is a passion and a cherished and integral part of our culture. please adhere to our "catch and release" and "catch and eat" policies to ensure great fishing opportunities and enjoyment for our future generations.

canada is sport fishing central with a million lakes and 20% of the fresh water in the world. we serve up plenty of fresh air, fresh water and fresh attitudes to fishermen everyday in a picturesque setting abundant with natures gifts. whether you visit a lodge or resort, camp and fish, or hire a guide you will invariably be dealing with a real fisherman that knows the water and is dedicated to making your adventure in canada a "reel" success. many guests "arrive as a stranger and leave as a friend" to return time after time for more great fishing and to visit with their new fishing friends.

 check out the great canada fishing info available for your trip preparation.

fishing in canada is affordable. whether your budget is basic or luxurious there are fishing packages for everyone. to learn more about fishing adventures in individual regions across canada simply select a province or territory below.









             
alberta | british columbia | manitoba | new brunswick | newfoundland | nwt
nova scotia | nunavut | ontario | prince edward island | quebec | saskatchewan | yukon


































 


















deep sea fishing is a fantastic family outing, and is a great way to enjoy beautiful coastline vistas on the atlantic or pacific oceans. the many estuaries and bays, along with offshore areas, offer excellent opportunities. fishing equipment is included with most boat charters.





 
 
 
 
 
privacy: how google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps





























			 
			



last minute specials

last minute and seasonal specials are available from the province pages.

						"click on the map"








			 
			



junior angler page
 kids & fish photos





			 




site map


a fishing trip in canada can be a dream come true. come fishing .. in canada.


top of page












