









lansdowne folk club | presenting live music since 1993
































lansdowne folk club
presenting live music since 1993





search




main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
home
concert schedule
concert tickets
about the lfc
support us
contact us
 






home





lansdowne folk club presents singer-songwriter folk/americana duo the honey badgers on thursday, february 27, 2025.


held at the twentieth century club, 84 s. lansdowne avenue, lansdowne, pa, doors open at 7:00 pm and show begins at 7:30 pm.  tickets are $20 when purchased in advance online or with an advanced phone reservation and $25 without an advance reservation.  season series price for all five concerts is $95.00.


for reservations, parking information, advance ticket sales and more information visit website folkclub.org/ticket-sales, email lfolkclub@gmail.com, or call (484) 466-6213.  only cash accepted at the door.  we provide free tea and coffee and have soda, water and snacks for sale.  people are free to bring food, beverages, and byob.  those who plan to eat there should email or call us in advance to reserve a table.


parking in front of the 20th century club is no longer available.  we suggest that our patrons park on the side streets near the club or at the septa train station lot two blocks away.  street parking is available on lansdowne court (adjacent to the 20th century club) or on dudley ave, (across lansdowne ave. from the 20th century club).  handicap parking* is behind the building.


*there is one ada designated parking spot in the area behind the building, but we can set aside additional handicapped parking if you notify us in advance by email at lfolkclub@gmail.com.


when michael natrin asked erin magnin to dust off her fiddle and join him for a couple songs at a local songwriter showcase, the two never imagined they were creating a musical partnership that would continue far into the future. playfully calling themselves the honey badgers, more to make themselves chuckle than to make any sort of a statement, the two discovered a chemistry between their voices that demanded to be heard. thus, the duo was born.

photo credit to david norbut


the honey badgers’ folk/americana sound has been likened to that of the civil wars and the swell season. they are known for their intense, unique harmonies, their sincere lyrics and melodies, and their undeniable and captivating onstage charm. weaving their voices together over driving guitar, wistful violin, and punchy harmonica, the honey badgers spin stories and songs about finding yourself, finding each other, and finding your way in the world.

the honey badgers have been creating music together since the summer of 2011.  as full time musicians and travelers, michael and erin look forward now to creating music that has roots growing through every place they go. they are currently promoting their second full-length album, the earth turns and so do we, which was released on june 20, 2024. the record is a mature and varied collection of original songs focused on the repeating cycles of life, death, love, and time itself.  check them out at https://www.honeybadgerfolk.com.

other upcoming concerts include christine havrilla and tret fure on march 27, jennifer knapp on april 24 (we are in discussions with jennifer about a potential meet and greet before the show), chris kasper on may 15, and john gorka on june 5.


founded in 1993, the lansdowne folk club is a 501(c) (3) all volunteer non-profit corporation dedicated to presenting folk, acoustic and blues music.












website by panacea design






