




caresouth carolina | welcome home to better health


































































locations


care services


family medicine


pediatrics


women


foot care


carefusion


counseling


pharmacy


dental


chiropractic


seniors


hiv/aids


community outreach


health insurance marketplace assistance


best chance network


diagnostic radiology & laboratory


roads medical program


moby outreach




about


community impact


awards and recognition


providers


leadership


carefirst foundation


history




contact



news


careers




emergencies


 patient portal




   




























located throughout
the pee dee region
find your location











now accepting
new patients
make an appointment








welcome to care south 


find a location 


make an appointment









as a community health center, we deliver medical services that make an impact in the pee dee region and beyond. we are dedicated to better health for all of us. welcome to caresouth carolina. we’re glad you’re here.
find a location 




health care services programs









health care services
for over 40 years, caresouth carolina has served as a patient home — a place where people can experience healing, caring relationships — regardless of their personal circumstances. we are dedicated to providing quality and affordable health care to the patients of our communities.
learn more












family medicine
caresouth carolina offers a full range of primary care services at all of our health centers.
details



pediatrics
caresouth carolina offers a full range of services from caring and experienced providers for your infant, child or teenager.
learn more



women's services
at caresouth carolina, we feel a special commitment to provide for the needs of women and we offer extensive gynecological services & much more.
more details



diagnostic radiology & laboratory services
caresouth carolina provides x-ray, ultrasound & laboratory services all under one roof for our patients.
learn more







social services
caresouth carolina takes its role in the community to heart. this is our home, and we understand that the health of any one person is inextricably linked to the health and well-being of the community.
more details



behavioral health services
caresouth carolina is home to the best behavioral health care one can receive by some of the best, most caring professionals in the field.
details



dental
caresouth carolina provides world-class dentistry services that is making a tremendous difference in the lives of thousands of children and families.
learn more



chiropractic
caresouth carolina is home to world-class chiropractic services that are offered at both our hartsville and latta offices.
more details
















programs 



school based dental programs
miles of smiles provides oral health services at numerous schools and other community locations throughout our region.
more details



vantage point
as a local area agency on aging and an aging and disability resource center (adrc), we pride ourselves on being a friendly and welcoming place where anyone — individuals, concerned families or friends, or professionals working with issues related to aging or disabilities — can go for information specifically tailored to their situation.
learn more



infectious diseases
caresouth carolina, through care innovations, provides comprehensive hiv/aids primary health care and so much more for individuals in chesterfield, darlington, lee and marlboro counties.
more details



roads medical program
caresouth carolina’s r.o.a.d.s. mobile initiative (reaching out and delivering services) offers comprehensive, remote medical care & screenings to the communities we serve through our mobile unites.
learn more



moby outreach
the moby- a mobile unit equipped with healthcare technology- allows caresouth carolina providers, nurses and community health workers to operate outside of the four walls of our office locations.
more details



mat services
caresouth carolina's mat program seeks to reduce morbidity, mortality, and harm associated with opioid misuse and overdose in our communities by increasing immediate access to: prevention, treatment and sustained recovery services!
more details








located where you are
caresouth carolina has many locations across pee dee communities to bring quality healthcare home to you.
find a provider    











csc patient corner
we are dedicated to providing you with the very best in patient-centered health care, close to home. 
find a location













make an appointment
we have office locations in five counties throughout the pee dee region.
schedule your visit 



after hours
do you have questions, concerns or an emergency? 
more information



patient portal
the patient portal is the central hub for your patient experience.
visit the patient portal



online payments
conveniently pay your bills online at the click of a button.
click here



medical records
to request medical records, please email  
medicalrecordsrequest@caresouth-carolina.com,
call 843-309-8011
or fax 843-378-9962.
 
 
 
 












pharmacy
looking for affordable prescriptions? looking for a pharmacy that gets to know you and provides excellent service? caresouth carolina is home to the best prices on prescriptions.
843-339-5530


learn about pharmacy








corporate office:

                    201 south fifth street
          hartsville, sc 29550  
          
          843-857-0111


facebook
twitter
instagram






 
this health center is a health center program grantee under 42 u.s.c. 254b, and a deemed public health service employee under 42 u.s.c. 233(g)-(n). this health center receives hhs funding and has federal phs deemed status with respect to certain health or health-related claims, including medical malpractice claims, for itself and its covered individuals. privacy policy










    













support our work through the carefirst carolina foundation.
 



discover our impact and follow our story through our news feed.



carefirst carolina foundation
calendar
newsletter
careers
employees
covid 19




discounts
become a patient
patient portal
online payments
contact






© 2025 caresouth carolina. all rights reserved|privacy policy | cookie policy | accessibility | site by aline, a marketing company



 
error message



×




