





newt at the royal – legendary panama hats and classic retro hawaiian print aloha shirts


































 



 



skip to content





 

newt at the royal
legendary panama hats and classic retro hawaiian print aloha shirts







menu
newt at the royal
the hat story
the shirt story
newt lifestyle blog
the newt online store
shopping cart
 













legendary panama hats
experience the finest quality sombreros de montecristi, handwoven by master artisans in ecuador.








classic hawaiian print shirts
no other style of clothing has captured a lifestyle as quintessentially hawaiian as the aloha shirt.








discover a legacy of style
stop by our shop in the coconut grove at the royal hawaiian hotel in waikiki.












newt at the royal
continuing the tradition





the sombrero montecristi


to ensure that we offer the most exceptional handmade sombrero, we journey to montecristi, ecuador, from time to time, to handpick the finest hats. the best ones are judged by the lightness of their color and the tightness and consistency of their weave. all of our sombero montecristi are sold only at our waikiki shop, as a fine hat must be hand fitted by our experts. we pride ourselves on our personalized and experienced service and offer a wide selection of classic styles and sizes for both men and women.
 


learn more













watch our tv spot













watch our 30-second commercial in a new window












aloha shirts
newt's famous hawaiian print shirts







 
 
retro-print hawaiian shirts
no other style of clothing in the past 75 years has captured a lifestyle as the aloha shirt. popular throughout the world, it has become a fashion icon for hawai‘i or any island in the tropics. newt has remained true to the original aloha shirt. in pattern and cut, our hawaiian shirts have been adapted from the most popular designs of the 1940s and 1950s. while paying homage to the past, our shirt’s contemporary color palette complements both shorts and trousers of neutral tones.
 shirt story














shop now for aloha shirts & more!
newt's authentic retro-print aloha shirts available now in online store !


visit the newt online store











newt lifestyle blog
the latest news • blog • links




 coconut shorts 
july 16, 2020july 16, 2020newt lifestyle editor2 comments on coconut shorts 

used as boxer shorts or for sleeping or relaxing shorts. available soon.



 large hibiscus design 
july 12, 2020july 16, 2020jim tomasi3 comments on large hibiscus design 

a combination of tropical florals with mid-century hawaiian flair.  bursts of large monstera leaves and bird of paradise flowers.  coconut wood buttons and 100% cotton woven in the bark cloth style.



 paradise 
july 12, 2020july 12, 2020jim tomasi1 comment on paradise 

the royal hawaiian hotel coconut grove…stunning as ever.


read more










testimonials
what our customers say






what a awesome place this is hidden at the royal hawaiian. went in there and was helped by ron who was extremely friendly and helpful. he picked out several hats for me to try out. a couple days later i returned to buy a hat and was helped by lee. these guys really know their panama hats. their extremely customer focused which makes the whole experience just plain awesome! thanks for the awesome new hat! 5 stars.

kevin wilcox, 12 april, 2017



first it was the window design that drew me in..then it was lee that made the entire shopping experience a joy! he helped me pick out a wonderful hat and gave me all the details about making, wearing and maintaining my new hat. live it! highly recommend! 5 stars.

sarah tollner miller, 20 december 2016



i come here every year for the aloha shirts. vintage details, luxurious fabrics, wooden buttons, vibrant, photogenic, mid-century patterns, and fine construction. my best alohas are newt’s. 5 stars.

greg goode, 10 december 2015



my husband and i had a wonderful shopping experience here. went in three different times and worked with three different guys who all gave a stellar customer experience. great quality and craftsmanship. my husband bought a hat before we left for bora bora and it was perfect for the trip! 5 stars.

amber paganelli koniniec, 16 may, 2017












team newt
and the thoughts they live by





 clarke suzuki

“nothing is as expensive as the cost of regret.”






 ron gates

“there are only three types of friendships in the world. friendship for a reason, friendship for a season, and friendship for a lifetime.”






 lee lockhart

“live each day distinctively.”






 jim tomasi

“we must not wish for the disappearance of our troubles but for the grace to transform them.”













 







contact us
get in touch with newt








 









 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 












homehatswatchshirtsstorenewstestimonialteamlocationcontact 



search store
search for:

search


carttop rated

 lava flow - red

$125.00



 newt hat box - mahogany

$300.00



 tote bag - aloha tower with pink stripe

$125.00



 "the newt" - handwoven montecristi panama hat

$850.00



 beach bag - hibiscus with yellow stripe

$125.00

product cloud we are on  facebook
instagram

 








search for:



 





 stop by our shop in the coconut grove
at the royal hawaiian hotel
a luxury collection resort
(808) 922-0062
1-800-630-4287 toll-free
2259 kalakaua avenue, waikiki
honolulu, hawaii 96815
open daily 10:00 am to 9:00 pm

 

visit newt on  facebook
instagram

 

site mapthe hat story
the shirt story
newt lifestyle blog
the newt online store
shopping cart
 




© 2020 newt at the royal. all rights reserved. 

facebook
instagram
























