






best detroit movers - serving michigan with affordable moving companies























































 moversinformation@inspectmichigan.com					



























 serving you with quality inspected moves 








home
quality moving services
about us
inquire now
 
  







 



inspect movers









 


05apr 

8 handy tips for planning your move from detroit’s best movers 

 by inspectmovers /  0 comments 




one of the most plausible reasons why detroit became known as motor city is that it became the hub of mass-produced cars in the early 1900s. ford motors, general motors, and chrysler made this city their base, and many other car manufacturing companies followed suit. however, following a series of crises, the city declared bankruptcy in 2013. the name motor city stuck, though.


thanks to cleveland cavaliers owner dan gilbert and many other hometown businessmen who never gave up on their city, detroit is back on its feet. the city has been steadily rising and is open to new job opportunities. if you’re on a job-related move to detroit, here are handy tips to get you moving without any hassle. 


1. visit your new community


visit your new community to get a better understanding of the neighborhood. scope your top priorities – community center, school, distance from work, shopping, recreation, or whatever you consider topmost in your needs. detroit may still be facing many issues, but it has many neighborhoods with a lot to offer.


visit your new community to get a better grasp of the neighborhood.


2. plan your new home’s look


if possible, create a floor plan for your new house or apartment so you can plan your rooms as you pack your belongings. the floor plan is better than just pictures because it has dimensions. you can use these dimensions as a reference for planning where you’ll place your furniture, appliances, and other large fixtures.


if you can’t tackle creating a floor plan, the next best thing is pictures. don’t rely on images of the house from the website, though, because some unscrupulous house owners sometimes post misleading pictures. if you can’t visit the place, ask for photos from your real estate agent.


3. pack smart


after getting a rough plan of the new house, pack your boxes according to the rooms they’re going to. take a picture of each box and tape it on the box for easier reference.


collect as many boxes as you can to skip buying moving boxes. buy packaging tapes (not duct tape) to support the lower part of the box and seal the boxes.


4. contact several moving companies


don’t rely on a single moving company to quote for your move. get quotes from several moving companies in the motor city to compare their price and services. some of the questions you should clear with your prospect moving company are:



services included in the price
license and certifications
insurance coverage
experience and references
cancellation policy
add-on expense and services



5. organize your move


here are the most important things to do at least a month before moving.



put together a moving folder. everything you need for the move, including contracts, essential contact persons, personal documents, receipts, bills, open house schedules, and addresses, should be in this folder.
alert your utility providers when to cut off or connect your utilities. here’s a list of utility companies in detroit.
organize your loan and mortgage details. furnish your creditors and banks with all the forwarding addresses and new contact numbers before moving to avoid unnecessary issues.
check out health insurance coverage, especially if you’re moving out of state. discuss changes you need to make to keep your coverage or if you need a new plan.



organizing your move is a very crucial step.


6. create a moving budget


a moving budget is a rough estimate of the cost you’ll incur for the move, including hiring a moving company, insurance expense, fees for activation of utilities, moving to a new school, and many others. itemize your possible expense and create a reliable budget after getting a quote from each player.


if the budget is tight, save on moving rentals by making a diy move. enlist the help of friends and family to help you pack and transfer your belongings from the house to the moving truck.


7. involve your kids


some kids find moving very traumatic and unstable, especially in their younger years. involve them by bringing them to the open house. consider their needs like open spaces to play, safety, school bus routes, and a healthy neighborhood to support their growth.


check out schools in detroit and prepare all transfer documents if you have school-age kids. ask for local clubs and sports teams that your kid can join to occupy them when not in school.


some kids find moving very traumatic and unstable, especially in their younger years


8. check to see if you qualify for moving tax deduction


though there are restrictions on tax deductions for your moving expense, you can still use it if you qualify. if you lose your job or are a armed forces member, you get a tax exemption. however, if you are a full-time employee or self-employed, you must pass the distance and time test.


here are essential facts about tax-deductible moving expenses to help you save on money.


last note


detroit may not be the most ideal place to move to, but it’s a changing city with great opportunities worth checking out. you can take part in making this city great again.






 


04apr 

9 proven tips to cut costs when moving on a budget 

 by inspectmovers /  0 comments 



to many people, moving means starting anew, including avoiding unnecessary expenses that may result in debts. however, it is easy to get lost in the myriad costs if you don’t track them. planning at least two months before the actual move helps keep you in check. good news, though! there’s always a way out. that […]





 


12sep 

how to prepare a kitchen for moving day 

 by inspectmovers /  0 comments 



a bad day at work can mess you up, but you know what’s even more frustrating? packing your kitchen for a move. compared to other sections like the living room or bedroom, the kitchen can complicate things with all its compartments, appliances, and utensils. but not to worry! there’s nothing an informed homeowner can’t do! […]





 


30apr 

declutter your home for a cross-country move with these 7 easy steps 

 by inspectmovers /  0 comments 



moving day is coming much too soon. panic starts to set in when you worry about how you’re going to get everything packed up and ready for the moving truck. the simplest way to get your belongings packed and ready to go is to declutter your home. the truth is, anything you can do to […]





 


29mar 

tools of the trade: moving supplies that professionals use 

 by inspectmovers /  0 comments 



it doesn’t matter what industry you represent. relocation is one of the top situations that hr departments respond to. this is typically different from simply moving from one home to another. work-related moves involve planning and organization for entire families. this is why easing this process is essential to helping employees to settle into their […]





 


19mar 

try out these professional tips for your upcoming apartment move 

 by inspectmovers /  0 comments 



leaving the small space of your apartment can be exciting until you realize the work that goes into moving. while it certainly won’t be an easy feat, it doesn’t have to be as difficult as you may be anticipating. by using the tips below, you can make the process easier and avoid some roadblocks that […]





 


13mar 

7 things you must take care of after your move 

 by inspectmovers /  0 comments 



when you’re preparing to move, there’s a long list of things you will have to take care of. fortunately, that preparation can pay off when you reach your destination with all of your belongings. however, the work isn’t necessarily done just because moving is finished. in order to relax and enjoy your new home, the […]





connect with us

latest posts


8 handy tips for planning your move from detroit’s best movers


9 proven tips to cut costs when moving on a budget


how to prepare a kitchen for moving day


declutter your home for a cross-country move with these 7 easy steps


tools of the trade: moving supplies that professionals use


sponsored 


 









found what you are looking for?

search for:



 

quick linkshome
about us
inquire now
 

inspect movers 


 

more details we really appreciate you checking our site. if you need more details, please visit our about page or if  you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact us.
 











							© copyright 2025 inspect movers. all rights reserved | privacy policy










