




able crystals and the devic centre





















































                            navigation 




home 


products 


the devic centre 

space clearing
events
articles
videos
links
contact



























  only search 
                this website 






...the enhancer's co-creative consciousness adjusts electromagnetic emissions from our cellphones and day-to-day electronics. this creates a beneficial harmonic balance without disrupting the function of these devices. 
>> read more

the devic centre
40 acres providing the inspiration hall, a labyrinth, medicine wheel, 
              rest facilities and areas to enjoy the spiritual essence of the property. >> read more

>> winter & holiday hours
events
            there will no longer be any ongoing seminars with michael stodola. 
>> read more
personal healing
michael's primary focus is facilitating self-awakening and clearing properties and people from disruptive or disharmonious energies through co-creative processes. 
              >>read more
articles & archives
 a collection of literature and information on a variety of subjects. 
              >> read more
we have been the subject of two feature articles: 
>>
"a centre for harmony"

>> 
"the devic centre" 
              






welcome to able crystals and the devic centre


our premise is that "the 
                    divine consciousness of all that is", 
                    is definitely all that is!!! 
we have dedicated the devic centre & able 
                    crystals and therapies to help people attune to universal 
                    frequencies. a shaman summed it up succinctly with the following: 
                  
there is no stuff in the universe. it is all 
                    energy. energy has consciousness. 
quantum physics is verifying this at every turn. 
                    everything has a frequency, and resonance unique to itself, 
                    but part of the whole. 





we therefore recognize the "conscious intelligent oneness" 
              inherent throughout the universe and maintain that since it is conscious 
              we can communicate with all of it. this spirit of cooperation implies 
              that we must become co-creators and cease our attempts to impose 
              our will on mother earth. our site will attempt to promote this 
              concept and we encourage those of like mind to submit links and 
              articles echoing this premise. 
what is truth?
truth is diverse. this is somewhat contradictory, but proves that all things hold true according to one's understanding at the moment. there is no need to debate over who is wrong or right. we are who we are at the moment until a new insight arises. once we understand this we will no longer feel the need to prove it. we simply live it as it evolves.magic is science that is not understood. once you understand it, it becomes natural.the only reason we can have the light resonance we have, is because of the darkness we have embodied.therefore we must embrace them both.
michael d. stodola
meet michael, the host of this site and co-host of the devic centre... 
              >> read more

michael does not have a cell phone, use facebook or join any groups. please contact him by email or by calling the phone numbers  listed on the site.

videos
  

to see more 
              vides click here.
e-mail list
sign 
              up now to the able crystals mailing list to receive emails announcing 
              upcoming events, new products, special offerings and posts of pertinent 
              information.














 
            able crystals at the devic centre - www.ablecrystals.com
                  
site last updated: august 2, 2023
please refresh this page in your browser to view the most current version.










