



gano excel healthy coffee that tastes good-ganoderma lucidum, reishi lingzhi chaga


























this page uses frames - if you cannot view 
    all, you cannot view frames.
    you may use the links below to view the site pages in no-frames. use your 
    browser back button to return to this site index. some links and articles 
    are also available below.










liquid gold 
healthy coffee 
            at katie's natural way

click on photo above to view video 
            best with high-speed connection 
a healthier coffee for you, a smooth gourmet taste
            with less acidity at an affordable wholesale price 



























  coffee at katie's natural way - delivers healthy coffee 
                      that is good for you and tastes good too. low caffeine and 
                      much less acidity results in a smooth pleasant coffee sensation 
                      without the caffeine buzz.  link 


  caffeine: it's the world's most popular psychoactive 
                      drug - buzzing our brains, fraying our nerves, robbing our 
                      sleep. and we simply refuse to survive without it.  link 


  a testimony for a better way, "powerful 
                      brew", lets live magazine, april 2005 states " 
                      coffee that's good for you? a cup of reishi can stop acid 
                      reflux and clear acne."  link 


  coffee is the number one source of cell-protecting antioxidants 
                      in the u.s. diet, according to a study by researchers at 
                      the university of scranton in pennsylvania. of a study of 
                      100 foods -- including tea, chocolate and cranberries -- 
                      coffee outranked them all.  link 

  studies suggest that extroverted people are less sensitive 
                      to caffeine's effects than introverts.  link 


  pain relievers fortified with caffeine have proven more 
                      effective than the analgesics used alone. link 


  recent studies show that coffee drinkers have a lower 
                      risk of type 2 diabetes, a disease that's poised to be a 
                      huge health threat in the fattest of western nations. moreover, 
                      it's the coffee drinkers who are most addicted to the brew 
                      that seem to reap the most benefit.  link 

  the robusta coffee beans used in less expensive brands 
                      contain almost twice as much caffeine as the arabica beans 
                      favored by coffee connoisseurs. link 


  military studies of subjects who hadn't slept for 48 
                      hours showed that 600 mg of caffeine improved alertness 
                      and mood as much as 20 mg of amphetamine. link 



  going without caffeine for a day and a half increases 
                      blood flow in the brain, which may explain why people get 
                      headaches when they first give it up. link 


  caffeine is so acrid that it's used as a standard for 
                      "bitter" in training professional food tasters. link 



  the caffeine extracted from coffee beans to make decaf 
                      is sold to drug and soft drink manufacturers. link 


  caffeine is being developed as a pesticide for slugs 
                      and snails. link 


  a university student in wales committed suicide in 2002 
                      when he deliberately swallowed caffeine pills equivalent 
                      to 100 cups of coffee. link 



  black tea, green tea, and oolong are all made from the 
                      same plant; the differences in taste and color come from 
                      their processing. link 


  one of the newest products to which the stimulant has 
                      been added: "coffee tights" are panty hose with caffeine 
                      woven into their threads to supposedly help shrink thighs. link 


  vietnam is now the second largest producer of coffee 
                      worldwide, but it's largely a nation of tea drinkers. link 


  cigarette smoking nearly doubles the rate at which the 
                      body metabolizes caffeine. link 

  are you ready to try a better way - "healthy coffee"?? 
                      contact us now to learn how you may start enjoying this 
                      great tasting "coffee that is good for you" !!  contact 
                      us 


  view 
                      the condensed national geographic article online here! 



 the scrolling text will now repeat. 
                    















clicking 
              on buttons, pictures, underlined words and icons will bring you to 
              more detailed information 



click 
      here to become a preferred customer with a 25% retail discount  , or

             
          
           
                    






"to die for" - mocha


great classic ( black )

 
exquisite sod 
            herbal tea


no-caffeine 
          cocoa for children




 a 
          smooth pleasant tasting coffee as good or better than your current brewed 
          coffee without the excess caffeine or acidity!  













 





            
learn about 
      avian influenza - h5n1      bird 
      flu and reishi     more 
      on reishi 



some articles you may find of interesting. 
      click on titles for ms word2000 file


 a 
          powerful brew 
if it says suger free ... forget it
benefits of whole 
          foods
splenda is not sugar
of values
a pilot's editorial
immigrants, not americans, must adapt
stevia, a natural choice
breaking coffee news - medical 
          review

obesity 
          health costs outweigh smoking
the war against excess worker waistage
ten things the weight -loss industry 
          won't tell you
study links weight, heart failure
obesity in middleage cuts life 
          span
is fat the next tabacco?
a warning to the american people - 
          1936
we've got to stop eating like this
houston repeats as "fattest 
          city"
link to info on 
          cancer research & ganoderma


questions 
      & answers - - about vitamins 
the 
      calcium cure ?
drug 
      induced vitamin / mineral deficiencies
                       


 
links 
    & additional items of interest

   



 




 
 


 



 
                         
gano excel ganocafe healthy coffee 
    is a gourmet coffee coming in five distinct flavors, gano cafe 3in1 is our "regular coffee", ganocaf'e mocha - a heavenly blend 
    of coffee and our gano schokolade cocoa, gano classic, a traditional 
    gourmet black coffee, ganocafe ginseng tongkat ali - our "regular" 
    coffee blended with these exceptional beneficial herbs, and our famous gano 
    schokolade - the only caffeine free cocoa blended with gano excellium, 
    called "brain food" by nutritionists. additionally, a fine herbal 
    tea, gano tea sod is available, a very pleasing herbal tea made with a south 
    african red tea called rooibos tea and combined with ganoderma lucidium creating 
    and exceptional super tea.
also available are the high-quality 
    nutritional capsules containing either of the organically grown pure forms 
    of ganoderma lucidium and excellium as manufactured, processed 
    and packaged by gano excel in their highly rated facility in malaysia.
this site is produced and copyrighted 
    by an independent distributor of gano excel products, member id # 8042409, 
    ted & kathryn kapela in new york, usa




