






teach.esc13.net | make a difference...teach!








































































programs

overview
elementary
secondary
special education
career and technical education
accelerated elementary
accelerated secondary
district referral program


path to certification

process
certification areas and requirements
field-based experience
residency pathway
test preparation
benefits
certification blog posts


schedule

program dates
info sessions


pricing
districts

upcoming events
human resources
interns for hire
district referral program
austin isd teacher academy


faq
 





select page


  
 



 



 












make a difference…teach!


obtain teacher certification in texas through our nationally recognized program. region 13 educator certification program (ecp) provides trusted, professional pathways to certification by developing accomplished educators who focus on student success and positively affect the future.

apply now to start teaching in 2025

explore our programs

join an info session












which certification program is right for you?

all of our certification programs are state-accredited and trusted by districts and teachers alike. our programs are carefully designed to ensure your success as a teacher by providing you with a solid foundation of research-based teaching skills and strategies. upon completion of your program, you will be a fully certified teacher in texas. find the certification program that fits your interest and background.
reach out to us and we can help you find the certification area that’s right for you.

explore our programs






elementary






secondary






special education






career and technical education






accelerated elementary






accelerated secondary






district referral program










our reviews speak for themselves!









ecp is the whole reason i was able to complete my goal of being an educator. the cohort leader roots you on every step of the way and i am so grateful for her guidance. ecp gives you the classes that you need to get you started on day one- and gives you enough to get you through the last day. i cannot recommend region 13 ecp enough. 
emily, pre-k teacher






i feel so fortunate that my administrators recommended ecp to me while i was working as an educational assistant. ecp gave me a strong foundation of knowledge that quickly prepared me to be a teacher by providing real-world tasks, quick feedback, use of high-quality texts, and in-field experience. i highly recommend ecp to anyone ready to work hard to have the fortune of working with children every day.  
tess, 4th grade teacher






in my first year of teaching, i was evaluated as exceeding expectations with mastering classroom routines and procedures. ecp gave me the tools needed to be the teacher i am. also, my cohort leader was great at creating a welcoming environment for us and open to all questions. 
victoria, 1st grade dual language teacher






ecp gave me the skills to excel this past year. the program gave me the tools to run an effective classroom and to truly enjoy becoming a teacher.
trevor, construction technology teacher






this program assisted me in accomplishing my certification goals by providing useful resources and encouraging feedback. i felt they genuinely wanted to see me succeed and that i had their support every step of the way! 
amber, 5th grade teacher






this program flowed very well with my development within the classroom. it seemed that every time we learned something new, i had just experienced that or went through that situation very soon after and was able to apply my newfound skills. 
krystal, high school photography teacher






ecp definitely helped prepare me to pass my certification exams and transition into the classroom. because of ecp, i had a good sense of what i should expect in a teaching career. my cohort leader and field supervisor made me feel exceptionally supported through their instruction and observations, and i saw immediate success when i applied their feedback! 
peyton, middle school english teacher






my cohort leaders made the experience of becoming a teacher amazing. they took the pressure off and reassured me and provided me with every support possible and i could not be more grateful. i could not have done this without their help. i am glad that i chose region 13 ecp to help me in this process. 
summer, high school criminal justice teacher






ecp provided excellent instruction with an abundance of resources that allowed me to strengthen my teaching strategies in the classroom and included lots of helpful tips to make my prep time more efficient and effective! 
jimmy, high school health science teacher






as i looked for ways to return to school 18 years after graduating from college, the natural course of action was to pursue alternative certification. as i started the coursework it became obvious to me that ecp was not only rigorous but also individualized enough to help me use my strengths to improve on my weaknesses. ecp through region 13 is an excellent program. 
alma, bilingual early childhood and special education teacher






ecp helped me gain the tools i needed to become a successful first year teacher. through the classes and guidance from my amazing cohort specialist, i was able to thrive and manage anything my first year threw at me. without this program and support, i wouldn’t have been as prepared. 
arianna, 2nd grade teacher






ecp did a great job you did preparing me for the first day of school. i was so prepared mentally and my class looked great thanks to their advice. i used everything they taught me, and i rocked that first day. 
 mindy, high school health science teacher






ecp provided quality instruction as well as a proven system to prepare for content exams, pedagogy and special education testing. i felt prepared not only for exams but was given systematic instruction to help me have success in the classroom throughout my intern year. the cohort leaders did everything in their power to teach, mentor, prepare and lead us in every aspect of our certification process. 
angie, k-3 teacher






all the prep for the tests was extremely helpful and getting to connect with other teachers who were going through it was amazing. 
elizabeth, high school theatre teacher










gain the skills you need to become a successful teacher in texas!








proven leader
we have been certifying, supporting, and placing teachers in classrooms since 1992. our program is one of six from around the nation that is recognized by the u.s. department of education’s office of innovation and improvement as being successful and original.








blended learning
our programs use a blended learning format on average 2/3 face-to-face and 1/3 online. research shows that students prefer and benefit most from blended training. designed for working adults, our night and weekend courses help you balance school with work and life.








affordable
we offer affordable pricing that is competitive with other programs and provide flexible payment options. teachers seeking certification in the critical needs areas receive a guaranteed $2000 scholarship that can be applied towards fees.










paid internships
our future teachers receive full benefits and full-time salary with an employing school district as they go through their internship year.








on-going support
you are not alone on your journey to becoming a teacher. in addition to your cohort of peers, our instructors, coaches, and mentors offer step by step support during and after your training.








program benefits
see more benefits our programs have to offer.









have questions?





do principals really hire people who go through an alternative certification program?
yes, over 60% of current texas teachers are certified through alternative routes to certification.

what percentage of your interns are hired by local school districts?
on average 95% – 99% of our program participants are hired by local school districts.

is this program face-to-face or online?
we use a blended learning model with 1/3 of our classes are held online and 2/3 face-to-face.

how do i apply for a program?
you can apply for a program by completing our easy online application.








need more information?

we’d love to hear from you. let us know if you have any questions or need assistance completing your application. you can also email us directly at ecp@esc13.txed.net
 




 











name*


email address*


message
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

δ





 










programs
elementary
secondary
special education
cte
accelerated secondary





certification process
certification areas
test preparation
ecp benefits
pricing
schedule
information sessions





district referral
faq
about us
contact ecp
ecp program and policy handbook 25-26
subscribe for updates




512-919-5366
ecp@esc13.txed.net


privacy policy
accessibility
complaint process
state disclosures






copyright © 2025 education service center region 13







 














 


opens in a new window
critical needs area

























