




michael gorman - oregon fishing guide, mckenzie river fishing guide and rogue river fishing guide specialist, fly fishing oregon mckenzie river trout and rogue river steelhead






















mckenzie river fishing guide and rogue river 
steelhead fishing guides specialist, fly fishing 
oregon mckenzie river trout and rogue river steelhead





    





    michael gorman - oregon fishing guide 







home | mckenzie river fishing | rogue river steelhead guide | siletz river winter steelhead | guided fishing trip details | book a fishing trip | photo gallery | steelhead fly patterns | osu pac classes info 
 





aaaaaaaaaa                                  


                                                                                                                                       

                                                                                                                                                                                    
 mckenzie river fishing guide and rogue river 
steelhead fishing guide specialist
i 
know you.  
you want to catch more fish on a fly rod, and 
learn more about fly fishing to catch more and bigger fish on a consistent 
basis.  you have come to the right place.

if and when we fish together, think of my drift boat as a floating classroom.  
teaching is what i do  as we pursue and catch fish on the mckenzie, south 
santiam, willamette, and rogue rivers, you will also learn about fly fishing to 
be a more effective angler in the future.  yes, even you experienced fly 
fishers will learn a few new details about casting, mending, and the nuances of 
effective fly fishing.

even if we never fish together, there are resources here which will add to your 
fly fishing knowledge.  on this site you will find:
*my books
*articles i have written
*an overview of the services i offer, including a special bonus i offer my 
guided fishing trip clients.   
 


my 
second book, effective stillwater fly fishing, published by 
stackpole books, has just hit 
the stores, and it’s a fun, fast read with lots of photos. besides effective fly 
patterns and detailing techniques that catch fish in lakes and ponds, i discuss 
how to locate elusive fish in stillwaters and formulating a strategic game plan 
to move the angler toward being consistently successful at catching fish. 
if you order the book directly from me, i would be happy to sign 
it and enclose one of my signature flies tied by me personally.  softbound: 
$24.95  mailing: add $5, mainland usa only.  check or money orders.  
i cannot process credit or debit cards. thanks. 
michael gorman    330 nw autumn place    corvallis, or 97330   (phone: 541.207.4000)


 
in writing 
steelhead fly angling, i have kicked the hornet’s nest.  some 
controversy.  yes, it has info about 
flies, techniques, and where the fish are.  
but, i address issues of crowding, 
strategic planning, biases, and a “guerilla” approach to catching steelhead in a 
competitive environment.  amato publishing did a great job of design, 
layout, and photo reproduction.  the book contains 
more than 200 photos. very interesting and different, i think.  if 
you order the book directly from me, i would be happy to sign it and 
enclose one of my signature flies tied by me personally.  hardcover: $45 
softbound: $29.95  mailing: add $5, mainland usa only.  check or money 
orders.  i cannot process credit or debit cards. thanks.    
michael gorman    330 nw autumn place    corvallis, or 97330   (phone: 541.207.4000)
 







    

fly fishing and
oregon: a great combination.  an abundance of fishable waters combined with 
a mild year-round climate 
in the coastal  western 
one third of the state, enables a variety of angling possibilities even through 
the dead of winter.  salmon, steelhead and trout are the most highly-prized 
quarry in our state.  
and, yes, the wary steelhead and salmon can be caught fly fishing, even by the 
willing beginner, accompanied by a skilled teacher/fly fishing guide.   
take a mini fishing tour as you peruse our pages.  you may find an  

oregon 
guided 
fly fishing trip with a 
licensed fly fishing guide on the mckenzie river, siletz, rogue, or north or 
south santiam rivers  serves you well this season.  january through 
march our focus is on the siletz river steelhead fly fishing trip.   

click here 
to view a siletz river steelhead photo or two.
 





michael gorman, fly fishing guide 
and teacher

michael gorman, founder of

scarlet ibis 
fly fishing tours, inc., has been guiding and teaching effective 
fly fishing skills for more than 20 years.  his angling knowledge and 
skills have been honed in new zealand, ireland, christmas island, the bahamas, 
florida, alaska, british columbia, and all over the western united states, 
including oregon's world-famous deschutes, rogue river, mckenzie river, and north umpqua 
rivers.  he owned and operated his own retail fly fishing shop in 
corvallis, or for many years, also being the head fishing guide.  michael 
continues, still,  as an oregon fishing

guide 
throughout the calendar year, in addition to teaching credit pac fishing classes 
at oregon state university, where he did 
so for 27 years. 



always asked to pick favorite local fishing waters, michael would have to choose 
the mckenzie river, near eugene, for trout.  from late winter 
through early summer, he and his mckenzie river fishing guides are in constant 
pursuit of the river's native "redside" rainbow trout and cutthroat.  
as for larger fare, it's siletz river winter steelhead, the south santiam river in early summer, and the 
rogue river mid summer and fall.  our single most popular 
fishery --- by far --- is the august through november rogue river steelhead run.  
these two- or three-day events on the upper river can be very productive.  
a rogue river fishing guide are skilled in all fly fishing methods, including 
deadly nymph fishing techniques.  (see photo.)

here's our simple philosophy: to guide effectively is to teach 
effectively.  come learn to catch fish, and catch them more consistently: 
steelhead, trout and salmon.  we never restrict our fly fishing methods, 
but for our typical mckenzie river fly fishing guide and rogue river steelhead 
fly fishing guide, nymph fishing is a 
specialty.  


for more details about a mckenzie river trout fly 
fishing trip, rogue 
river or other oregon rivers 
steelhead 

guided 
fly fishing trip: click 
here.
 
michael gorman on google+! 

 

contact information



telephone
541.207.4000

postal address   


michael gorman
330 nw autumn place, corvallis or 97330
mckenzie river fishing guides & rogue river fishing guides 
specialists
email

to contact me 
please cut and paste the following email 
address to help 
prevent spam emails, 
and please include the word 
"fishing" in the subject line of your email 
so your important note is not screened out by the spam filter.  
many thanks.

please cut and paste this email addressgorman_flyfishing@hotmail.complease 
include the word "fishing"

 somewhere in the subject line of your email note


 
copyright © 2003 
scarlet ibis fly fishing tours inc

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz


