







golf carts plus | belleville mi | club car dealerhome - golf carts plus | belleville mi | club car dealer
























































  




 6983 haggerty road 
              belleville, mi 48111 


   734-397-5667  












    
menu 
home
about us

affiliates


carts for sale

past custom carts
carts available
financing


parts & accessories
service
resources

news & specials


contact us
 











    
  
  






welcome to golf carts plus 
we are pleased to announce that our road had been totally reconstructed and expanded to 3 lanes effective january 31, 2025.


golf carts plus, inc. is your…….
your one stop, club car, golf cart superstore!!
 



store hours



monday – friday 9am-5pm  ( later by appointment only) until daylight saving time.
saturday       (closed)    sunday closed
closed weekends for memorial day, 4th of july, labor day.
closed easter,  thanksgiving, christmas eve and christmas day.




 





being in the golf cart business 27 years, since 1998, we have tremendous buying power to give you the best quality, prices and selection on golf carts, parts and accessories. we are one of s.e. michigan’s largest  and oldest full service golf cart dealers and an authorized club car dealer stocking exclusively for the club car line only.
let us help you turn your golf cart into a one-of-a-kind, head turning reality. we believe in giving you the best deal for your money right from the start and keeping you as a loyal customer from here on in whether it is a used golf cart you are looking for, parts or accessories. let’s face it – anyone can buy golf carts and call themselves a golf cart dealer, but a true dealer specializes only in golf carts, offers full service – parts, accessories and service and has the proven track record and experience to back them up.
 

when you shop small business with us –  our reputation is on the line.  our 27 years in business is proof of the quality and integrity of the products we sell.  
we first try to source from american manufacturers.  we believe in supporting american business and manufacturers both large and small. we believe the products manufactured here in the u.s.a. are better made, higher quality materials, safer and last longer, and help keep our great country strong
. when shopping for your carts,  parts and accessories, be sure to ask where the product is made. beware when you see the word(s) “assembled in the u.s. as they are made in a foreign country and brought here for assembly only.  “economy” for the truth is most of these parts are cheap “knock offs” of the top quality products that were designed here in the usa, shipped to china for reproduction and imported back here for sale.
we refuse to sell these inferior quality products to our customers. the service  parts we sell are almost 98% oem genuine club car, and the aftermarket parts are tested by us before we sell them to you, to ensure their quality.
with the above philosophy we have succeeded in giving our customers high quality.  in this tough economic arena, we choose not to lower our standards.  shopping small business and local ensures we are here today tomorrow and many years down the road to help you with your needs!  thank you in advance for your patronage of our small business.



news & announcements



            12 volt deep cycle golf cart battery special – $975 set of 4            



            6 volt golf cart battery special – $1020 set of 6 trojan t105 batteries            



            8 volt battery special – $1070 set of 6 trojan t875 batteries            



            now selling polywood outdoor furniture!!            














contact us


          6983 haggerty road 
		  belleville,  mi 48111          phone: 734-397-5667
		  email: info@golfcartsplus.com






about us


being in the golf cart business since 1998, we have tremendous buying power to give you the best quality, prices and selection on golf carts, parts and accessories. we are one of s.e. michigan's oldest and largest full service golf cart dealers and an authorized club car dealer stocking exclusively for the club car line only.








stay connected















 2025 © golf carts plus | belleville mi | club car authorized dealer.


 site by wingman






















