




















tax foundation | principled research. insightful analysis. engaged experts.











































































skip to content




 u.s.
 europe





en












 

subscribe
donate









research





research areas

federal taxstate taxglobal taxeu tax 
all researchmeet our experts 


featured projects

options for tax cuts and jobs act expirationstax reforms for growth and opportunityfederal tax modelingstate reforms for mobility and modernizationstate tax competitiveness indexinternational tax competitiveness indexeuropean tax policy scorecard 
 


featured issues

tariffs & tradetax cuts and jobs act expirationsdebt & deficitsglobal tax dealcost recoverystate tax trendstaxes on savers & investors 
 


latest research




 


trump tariffs: tracking the economic impact of the trump trade war22 min read 

 
 

experts  data





data areas

federal taxstate taxglobal taxeu tax 
all datameet our experts 


featured projects

facts & figures: how does your state compare?federal income tax bracketswho pays federal income taxescalculator: how 2025 expirations will affect youstate and local tax burdenscorporate tax rates around the world 
 


featured issues

state data explorercountry data explorerstate tax mapseuropean tax maps 
 


latest data




 


top personal income tax rates in europe, 20254 min read 

 
 

blog & commentary





tax policy blogsee all testimonysee all op-edsthe deduction podcastmeet our experts 


latest blog post




 


house budget resolution aims to balance tax cut and spending reduction goals5 min read 

 


latest testimony




 


testimony: alternatives to tariffs to boost us competitiveness 

 


latest op-ed




 


tax season is another reminder that our tax code is too complex 

 
 

education





tax terms glossaryexplainer videosthe short form blogour principles 


primerslegislative courses

tax foundation universitystate tax policy boot camp 
 


featured resources

the three basic tax typesnot all taxes are created equalhistory of taxes10 common tax myths, debunkeda carbon tax, explainedcommon tax questions, answered 
 


featured term




 


last-in, first-out (lifo) 

 
 

events  about us





about usour principlescontact us 


staff

meet our teammeet our expertsmeet our board 
 


careers

job openingsinternships 
 


support our work

donate todayways to givedonor faqplanned giving 
 
 

 






start typing to search...












principled research.insightful analysis.engaged experts.subscribe 






trending topics

trump tariffs: tracking the economic impact of the trump trade warhouse budget resolution aims to balance tax cut and spending reduction goalsstate individual income taxes on nonresidents 






latest work
see all research and data





 


researchfebruary 13, 2025february 13, 2025
trump tariffs: tracking the economic impact of the trump trade wartrump’s new tariffs on mexico, canada, and china would rank as the largest tax increase since 1993 and the 8th largest peacetime tax increase since 1940. we estimate the new tariffs would shrink economic output by 0.4 percent and increase taxes by $1.1 trillion, amounting to an average tax increase of more than $800 per us household in 2025.
22 min read 




 


dataeuropefebruary 11, 2025february 11, 2025
top personal income tax rates in europe, 2025denmark (55.9 percent), france (55.4 percent), and austria (55 percent) levy the highest top personal income tax rates in europe.
4 min read 




 


datafebruary 4, 2025february 12, 2025
state and local sales tax rates, 2025retail sales taxes are an essential part of most states’ revenue toolkits, responsible for 24 percent of combined state and local tax collections. 
15 min read 




 


researchjanuary 30, 2025january 29, 2025
state individual income taxes on nonresidents: a primeras a rule, an individual’s income can be taxed both by the state in which the taxpayer resides and by the state in which the taxpayer’s income is earned.
52 min read 




 


dataeuropejanuary 28, 2025january 27, 2025
vat rates in europe, 2025more than 175 countries worldwide—including all major european countries—levy a value-added tax (vat) on goods and services. eu member states’ vat rates vary across countries, though they’re somewhat harmonized by the eu.
5 min read 




 


datajanuary 21, 2025february 3, 2025
state corporate income tax rates and brackets, 2025forty-four states levy a corporate income tax, with top rates ranging from a 2.25 percent flat rate in north carolina to a 11.5 percent top marginal rate in new jersey.
7 min read 



research
nebraska property tax relief after lb 3432 min read 



research
the unsustainable us debt course and impacts of potential tax changes42 min read 



dataeurope
corporate income tax rates in europe, 20253 min read 



data
americans moved to low-tax states in 20246 min read 



data
historical us federal corporate income tax rates & brackets, 1909-20251 min read 



research
state tax changes taking effect january 1, 202525 min read 



see the latest from tax foundation







latest blog posts




blog
house budget resolution aims to balance tax cut and spending reduction goals5 min read 




blogeurope
the european vat is not a discriminatory tax against us exports6 min read 




blog
kansas policymakers should consider a levy limit to ease property tax burdens8 min read 




blogeurope
simplifying germany’s income tax system: a path toward fairness and efficiency7 min read 




blog
cleaning up the tax code could raise trillions for tax reform5 min read 




blogeurope
the eu’s questionable vat policy7 min read 




blogeurope
transatlantic tensions: what the german election could mean for international tax & trade policy6 min read 

 
see all recent posts


popular data

2024 tax bracketsfacts & figures 2024: how does your state compare?summary of the latest federal income tax data, 2024 updatestate individual income tax rates and brackets, 2024state and local sales tax rates, 2024top personal income tax rates in europe, 2024corporate tax rates around the world, 2023 







we are the world’s leading nonpartisan tax policy nonprofit.
the tax foundation is the world’s leading nonpartisan tax policy 501(c)(3) nonprofit. for over 80 years, our mission has remained the same: to improve lives through tax policies that lead to greater economic growth and opportunity.
our vision is a world where the tax code doesn’t stand in the way of success. every day, our team of trusted experts strives towards that vision by remaining principled, insightful, and engaged and by advancing the principles of sound tax policy: simplicity, neutrality, transparency, and stability.
learn more about tax foundation
 


we have the experts you need to understand how tax policy works.





 

expertdaniel bunnpresident and ceo 





 

expertjared walczakvice president of state projects 





 

expertwilliam mcbridechief economist & stephen j. entin fellow in economics 





 

experterica yorkvice president of federal tax policy 





 

expertgarrett watsondirector of policy analysis 





 

expertkatherine lougheadsenior policy analyst & research manager 





 

expertsean brayvice president of global projects at tax foundation and policy director of tax foundation europe 





 

expertcecilia perez weigelpublic affairs manager of tax foundation europe 

 
see all experts and request a speaker




featured work




 


researchoctober 31, 2024october 31, 2024
2025 state tax competitiveness indexthe state tax competitiveness index enables policymakers, taxpayers, and business leaders to gauge how their states’ tax systems compare. while there are many ways to show how much state governments collect in taxes, the index evaluates how well states structure their tax systems and provides a road map for improvement.
115 min read 




 


researchmay 7, 2024december 4, 2024
options for navigating the 2025 tax cuts and jobs act expirationspolicymakers should have two priorities in the upcoming economic policy debates: a larger economy and fiscal responsibility. principled, pro-growth tax policy can help accomplish both. 
21 min read 




 


researchoctober 21, 2024november 19, 2024
international tax competitiveness index 2024while there are many factors that affect a country’s economic performance, taxes play an important role. a well-structured tax code is easy for taxpayers to comply with and can promote economic development while raising sufficient revenue for a government’s priorities.
92 min read 



researcheurope
2023 european tax policy scorecard52 min read 



research
how to rein in the national debt35 min read 



research
eight state tax reforms for mobility and modernization40 min read 



research
risks to the u.s. tax base from pillar two39 min read 



research
a tax reform plan for growth and opportunity: details & analysis38 min read 



research
how taxing consumption would improve long-term opportunity and well-being for families and children45 min read 







taxedu is designed to advance tax policy education, discussion, and understanding in classrooms, living rooms, and government chambers. it combines the best aspects of cutting-edge and traditional education to elevate the debate, enable deeper understanding, and achieve principled policy.
taxedu gives teachers the tools to make students better citizens, taxpayers a vocabulary to see through the rhetoric, lawmakers crash courses to write smarter laws, and videos and podcasts for anyone who wants to boost their tax knowledge on the go.
 
glossaryunderstand the terms of the debate with our comprehensive glossary, including over 100 tax terms and concepts.videosour animated explainer videos are designed for the classroom, social media, and anyone looking to boost their tax knowledge on the go.educational resourcesour primers are classroom-ready resources for understanding key concepts in tax policy.principleslearn about the principles of sound tax policy—simplicity, transparency, neutrality, and stability—which should serve as touchstones for policymakers and taxpayers everywhere.legislative coursesour tax foundation university and state tax policy boot camp lecture series are designed to educate tomorrow's leaders on the principles of sound tax policy. 






 stay informed on the tax policies impacting you.
subscribe


aboutsince 1937, our principled research, insightful analysis, and engaged experts have informed smarter tax policy in the u.s. and internationally. for over 80 years, our mission has remained the same: to improve lives through tax policies that lead to greater economic growth and opportunity.
donateas a nonprofit, we depend on the generosity of individuals like you.


careers
contact us
 
          1325 g st nw, suite 950
washington, dc 20005        




copyright tax foundation 2025
copyright notice
privacy policy

 
















