





















blue ridge shetland sheepdog club - (brssc)











































































































		    2024 combined specialty:
				
don't miss this event!!!







		    sheltie colors
		    






		    more on sheltie colors is here





















			  the mission of brssc
			


















		  to educate all breeders and the general public on the ethical and proper
		  breeding, care and training of the shetland sheepdog.
		  
		  for the most part, blue ridge shetland sheepdog club (brssc) members
		  reside in the northern, central and western virginia areas. we pride ourselves
		  on our ability to mix friendship, fun, and learning with another tradition
		  in the dog fancy...good food.



		    a brief history of brssc  


		  the brssc evolved when a group of sheltie breeders and fanciers, who
		  were meeting regularly for puppy picnics and social events where dogs were
		  welcome to join in the fun, decided to put their efforts into a more positive
		  community effort.
		  
		  in 1997 it was decided to formalize the meetings with sights set on organizing
		  a club to serve sheltie fanciers in the blue ridge area. our founding members
		  bring years of experience in the show ring, a wealth of knowledge of the
		  breed standard and structure and a shared desire to educate fellow fanciers
		  and newcomers, as well as the general community.
		  


july 8, 2007 - blue ridge shetland sheepdog club was voted in as a
		      member club of the virginia federation of dog clubs and breeders.
		    

august 2004 - blue ridge shetland sheepdog club achieved recognition
		      by the american kennel club.
		  





















      » membership  » upcoming
      events  » looking
      for a
      sheltie?  » breed
      information /
      education  » contact
      us
        » home / about
      us  » books
      by
      members  » legislation  » links  » members login

      to view the privacy and protection of the information you provide to the
      brssc, please see our privacy
      policy

© copyright  - blue ridge shetland sheepdog club -
      (brssc)
      website by:
      davescans






