









atv and nature tours in the anchorage area with alaska atv adventures



































































































+1-907-320-0007call, email, or book online for summer 2025 today!

gallery 




 
home
tour options

backcountry atv excursion
eklutna lake utv tours
all tour options


atv rentals
alaska travel tips

gallery
vacation planning


thank you!
about us

contact us
customer reviews
faqs


 














over 22 years of fun! 
alaska atv adventures


book online
over 20 years of fun! 
							alaska atv adventures 
							    
 















 book online


we see bears on nearly every trip on our most popular
atv & nature tours











 3 hours $250   

backcountry atv excursion 10:00 am or 3:00 pm
explore this exceptional geographical location in chugach park where the


anchorage, alaskamay 20, 2025 – september 8, 2025 








 special $220  

atv machine only rentals - 3 day minimum
alaska atv adventures offers machine rentals with a 3-day minimum.


southcentral alaskamay 1 – sep 30 








 $354  

eklutna lake utv tours with options
eklutna lake guided tours in the heart of the chugach


eklutna lake, alaskamay 15 – sep 30, 2021 










why choose us?




unique and thrilling opportunities await you, just south of downtown anchorage. alaska atv adventures offers a wide array of atv/quad/utv excursions. within our pages you are sure to find the perfect fit to engage in the sights, sounds and smells of the northern most temperate rainforest while experiencing the thrill of the throttle through the winding wooded trails of the chugach mountain range.
alaska atv adventures operates from chugach base camp, our headquarters is located just miles south of anchorage in bird creek in the northern most temperate rainforest. this is the largest temperate rainforest on the planet which begins in northern california, traverses 2500 coastal miles and ends a short distance from our facility. taiga, also known as boreal or snow forest, is just across the river and visible from camp. the world’s largest land biome begins its journey here and sprawls all the way to siberia.
getting to chugach base camp is part of the adventure! you will travel the seward highway south along turnagain arm. the seward highway has been designated a national forest scenic byway. while driving this highway you will have the chugach mountains on one side with hundreds of trickling waterfalls making their way to the ocean on the other side. the turnagain arm waters look different every time you see them with spectacular sunrises and sunsets along the water with towering snow topped mountains and piedmont glaciers surrounding the arm. if you are lucky enough to time your drive to see the boar tide, it should not be missed.







 

first in anchorage alaska atv adventures began in 1996. we were the first licensed provider to offer atv and nature tours in anchorage, alaska’s chugach state park.






 

local experience off the beaten path tour options for visitors that our families, as well as other local alaskans, enjoy on their off time.






 

beautiful places ride atvs or hike among the most spectacular mountains, scenery and wildlife imaginable with alaska atv adventures.



 


 

fast booking our scheduled atv tours within chugach state park can be booked online. if you have questions just give us a call!






 

support team from the owner to the rest of the team, we are here to ensure you have the best experience possible.






 

all experience levels tours for the entire family, young, old and in between. each trip is customized based on the skill level of the group.













our tours have been featured in popular outdoor publications
tour testimonials

 


 alaskan adventure i can honestly say that my time up in alaska was one of the most adventurous atv experiences i've had in my life. if you're looking to make some life-long lasting memories yourself, alaska is a tough ride to beat.read moreread less 
 john“doogie” howellquad off-road magazine 



 one wild ride: fishing alaska by atv to be honest, i wasn't exactly a quad loving guy before, and the thought of being in the "promised land\" with a bunch of newbie flyfishers didn't exactly have me enthralled...i was wrong...read moreread less 
 kirk deeterediitor-at-large, field & stream 






join the newsletterenter your email address to receive updates and specials[mc4wp_form id=""]

 





about us alaska atv adventures was the inspiration of owner tim cook. so many visitors to alaska are limited to sights they can see from a tour bus on a scenic highway.
we want to show you the beauty that alaskans enjoy. a trip to the backcountry will give you memories that will last a lifetime.

see what’s new 
university of alaska, fairbanks 

 
 

aurora borealis (northern lights) forecast official website. the best time…

 
chugach state park 

 
 

located in southcentral alaska mostly within the municipality of anchorage….


view our sister site:wild journeys alaskafacebookcomments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons
experience the untamed beauty of alaska like never before with www.alaskaatvadventures.com! from thrilling rides to serene vistas, there's an adventure waiting for you. #alaskaadventure #atvexploration #naturelovers #alaskaatvadventures 
... see moresee less




			view on facebook		

·

					share				


 share on facebook


 share on twitter


 share on linked in


 share by email

 



1 commentcomment on facebooki loved my alaska atv adventure


contact us 24/71120 huffman rd, ste 24-744 anchorage, alaska 99515+1-907-320-0007+1(907)694-4294 






© alaska atv adventures all rights reserved | web services by simplimation | site map
an equal opportunity provider operating under permit from chugach national forest and chugach state park.



faqs
terms & conditions
privacy policy
cookies
 








contact us 24/7phone number for callingyelptripadvisorfacebookinstagramyoutube



































