










stress education center – stress management and consciousness development































































stress education center
stress management and consciousness development


menu

skip to content


homeabout
products

books
business applications
specific health topics
stress management and relaxation


coaching/retreats
train the trainer
articles
blog
contact
checkout

log in
purchase confirmation
purchase history
transaction failed



















established by l. john mason, phd in 1977
as an executive coach, stress management trainer, and productivity consultant, i have authored two popular books on managing the stress of transitions, guide to stress reduction and stress passages: surviving life's transitions gracefully.










retreats
our retreats are focused on personal and professional development in stress and anxiety management with targeted emphasis on stress/anxiety control for aging, death and dying, and prenatal stress management.




individual coaching
our individual coaching can help improve your quality of life and enhance your productivity.




train the trainer
our train the trainer program is intended for professionals in many industries, including therapists, counselors, teachers, medical professionals, chiropractors, massage professionals, dentists, clergy, etc.





recent posts


holy relationships
every relationship is a holy relationship. it is a matter of perspective and of being most “present.” what is a “holy relationship…”? i just picked up and started reading the new book written by sandy level-lunden and in her introduction she wrote a definition which triggered me. it triggered…
 more




no stress in the world
wait a minute… the world seems full of stress. why would anyone say there is no stress in the world? in 1981 i wrote the book, guide to stress reduction, which is still a download from amazon in its latest edited version… it was written to serve. it was…
 more










website information copyright © the stress education center 
built by shuksan web



downloads cartnumber of items in cart: 0

your cart is empty.
total: $0.00
checkout




social media





		            adamos free portfolio wordpress theme
		            powered by wordpress 
		        
			


















