







sole supports




































































































        get started
      

        products
      

        faq
      

        user guide
      

        resources
      

        about
      

        provider account
      


























































































get startedproductsfaquser guideresourcesaboutprovider account


















scroll






 


    find a provider
  



we make people better

 









why sole supports?in the foot, posture controls function.  most orthotics fail to address posture.  sole supports is the most aggressive postural correction that you can accept with your anatomy.  every custom orthotic lab uses an image or casts of your feet.  only sole supports accurately captures your feet in their ideal posture. the cast of your foot is as important as the final product. no custom orthotic can be effective if fails to change posture.  the sole support is based on our founder, dr. edward s. glaser’s  mass posture theory.  for over 25 years, our goal has been achieving your ideal posture. this is how we live up to our core value:  “we make people better”.  

 








full contact, custom medial arch












full contact, custom lateral arch



  

































 

you can find our products beneath the feet of elite athletes, many u.s. military, including special forces, and everyday people.  mass (maximal arch supination stabilization) posture is “good form” for efficient propulsion.  the sole support addresses the underlying cause of pain, foot deformities, disability and injuries.  in other words, postural collapse. it is especially effective for plantar fasciitis, because raising the arch takes tension off of this tearing ligament. 

 




 







 

calibratedonly by solesupports



the sole support orthotic is simply an engineered leaf spring under your arch.  how much force should it apply to your body?  isaac newton said, “for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.”  the downward force is caused by three main factors:  ·       body weight·       foot flexibility·       velocityafter years of research, we developed a method for fine-tuning every orthotic to deliver an equal and opposite resistance to the range of forces applied by your body. we invented “calibration”.  only the sole support is custom, calibrated. 

  




 









our latest custom product

 











solemates™ are a new customized orthotic by sole supports. they are intended to be a more affordable alternative to our flagship product.  solemates™  begins with a custom-molded mass posture shell which itself delivers mid-level support. calibration is replaced with a series of sole supports leafs™ that can be easily swapped out for differing demands.   











  




 

 









 

something foreveryone



in addition to our flagship orthotics, we offer a host of products to cover a wide range of needs. these include many additional options and variants not fully covered here. your provider will help you decide which solution is right for you.  view our full products page here.

  











the sole supportour flagship orthotic, the sole support, delivers the highest level of custom design.  it is custom-molded to your feet in the most ideal posture. each are custom calibrated to each your weight, flexibility and activity level.  your provider will help you custom design these for your shoes. they are compatible with a wide array of modifications and options. 













solematesour mid-tier option offers mass posture support in an uncalibrated orthotic. custom calibration is replaced with a variety of sole supports leafs™ allowing the user to adjust the resistance to postural collapse for any activity.  













the copleya discreet option for the individual that needs support but would like to keep their high-heels. they use the same mass posture casting technology™ as our flagship orthotics.













sole kidsa beginning option for children, these affordable, prefabricated insoles offer support for kids who will outgrow their orthotics. they are available in a variety of sizes. 






  









feature



why sole supports



calibration image



calibration



sole mates backdrop



sole mates



plantar fasciitis



products



booth backdrop

















































homeprivacy policyterms of usehipaa noticecontact




©copyright 2021 by sole supports, inc. all rights reserved









