

the midget manifesto




 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




the midget manifesto
definition of midget: dwarfism, in medicine, is the
condition of being undersized, or less than 127 cm (50
inches) in height.  the term midget is usually applied to
physically well-proportioned dwarfs.  the term pygmy is
applied to people whose shortness of stature is a racial
trait.  for the purpose of power, midgets will be attempted
to be used, but the midgets will eventually be turned into a
pygmy-like race.
proposal: harness the inherent power of midgets to provide
clean, reliable energy, and a source of entertainment for
mankind.
implementation:
number of midgets necessary: 6

3 worker midgets
1 breeding midget
2 gladiatorial midgets

worker midgets will be a special creation consisting of 4
legs and 2 arms. see fig. 1
they will also be bred to
have the uncommon dominant gene which causes the six-
fingered mutation.  these midgets will necessarily be hardy
and athletic.  selective breeding will guarantee these
traits.

the breeding midget must be a durable female carrying the
six-fingered gene.  she must also be a pure midget having
both midget genes be dominant.  when breeding occurs, the
offspring is guaranteed to be a midget and have six fingers.
the gladiatorial midgets can be either male or female, but
must be of good health and attitude.  these midgets can be
of any number of fingers and other attributes.  these
midgets are easily replaced.
how midgets fit in:
worker midgets will take turns running on a hamster wheel-
type with an attached harness. see fig. 2
the three
worker midgets will each take eight hour shifts, one per day
per midget.  the worker midgets during their sixteen hour
off-period will be responsible for the up-keep of the midget-
containment area. see fig. 3
these will be the middle-
class of the mini-midget society.

the breeding midget will be responsible for becoming
pregnant by artificial purposes as often as possible.  pure
midget genes will be used for impregnation along with the
six-fingered gene.  this is the only necessarily female
midget.  she will constitute the matriarch of the society.
she will be responsible for the care of the baby midgets
until they can work.

the gladiatorial midgets will be trained in the rudiments of
hand-to-hand combat.  each will be given two small weapons
to fight with or in some instance they may have weapons
grafted onto their hands.  at weekly intervals the midgets
will either fight each other in mock combat or fight a small
animal such as a pig or monkey to the death.  appropriate
measures will be taken so that they do not become dangerous
to the master.  the gladiators represent the lower class of
midget society.

the creation of worker midgets:  each worker midget will
actually be a composite of two individual midgets.  the
breeding midget will be impregnated at regular intervals
with twins so that a complete worker midget can be made from
the offspring.  if it is not necessary for the creation of a
worker midget at that time, they may be sold to a storage
facility.  of every pair of midgets which is born to the
household, one will be cut in half.  the upper-half may be
disposed of, but the lower half will be fused to the
backbone and nervous system of the other midget.  the
original midget will have full control over the entire body.
this configuration of limbs will enable the midget to keep
better balance, run faster, and work harder.

how power is generated: the worker midgets will run on a
treadmill-like device which will power a static energy
generator.  a system of bell tones and speaker commands,
see fig. 4, will communicate to the
midgets what to do.  their
will also be a computer console which will enable visual
contact via a two-way camera teleconference.  this will
allow the midgets minimum oral feedback.

the raising and care of midgets:  the breeding midget will
be responsible for the care of the younger midgets.  they
will be taught how to talk as much as they need with most
probably around a 250 word vocabulary.  no reading or
writing instruction will be provided.  the midgets diet will
consist of mainly vegetables and meat injected with
vitamins.  this will insure that the midgets are operating
under peak conditions.  they will be given a trough which
they may eat out of at any time.  it will be refueled once
per week.  as the midget-containment area is temperature
controlled,, midgets need not wear clothing.

midget growth:  the growth of midgets from birth to a
suitable age for working will be accelerated by placing them
in nutrient soaking tanks.  these tanks will deprive the
midgets the use of their senses, but they will receive the
subliminal messages which will encompass several topics.
these messages will include the ideals of midget
subjugation.

midget injury and death:  in the unlikely event that a
midget becomes injured the measures will depend on their
class.  if a worker midget is injured they will be killed.
if a gladiatorial midget in injured, they will still compete
in combat, but the chances of their death is increased.  if
the breeding midget is injured she will receive medical
attention.  when the midget dies, their remains will be
spread on the compost nutrient heap so that the hydroponic
fluid may become more enriched.

ideal midget traits:


subservience.  subservience is the best trait for midgets
to possess.  they need to understand that they are inferior
and as such are subject to the will of the master.  they
must learn to obey orders unquestioningly.

strength.  midgets to produce an acceptable amount of
power, so they necessarily need to be strong.  if they are
not hardy enough, the power output would not be adequate to
support the household.  the four-leggedness will help to
alleviate this problem, but this is only part of the
solution.

non-intelligence.  midgets have to possess a certain amount
of intelligence so as to be able to complete their tasks
with some degree of competency.  they have to be ignorant,
however so as not to rebel against the master.  corporal
punishment will help this to a degree, but a happy medium
must be reached at some point.

 adaptability.  midgets must be able to adapt to many
conditions and be able to still work and remain productive
in them.  if the midget containment area becomes
inhabitable, midgets must still continue work until it is
stabilized.

 night vision.  no power will be wasted by lighting the
midget containment area with electricity.  therefore to be
productive, midgets must have a semblance of night vision
such as owls and cats have.  they must be able to
disseminate heat patterns in the dark.

farming skills.  midgets during their off hours will be
responsible for tending their own hydroponic farm.  this
farm will produce all food eaten by midgets excepting that
which is vitamin-laced from the dumbwaiter.  good farming
skills will essential to their survival.

penalty for insurrection:  there is only one penalty for
midgets: death.  any violation of the following rules will
incur this punishment.


 conspiring against the master.

 the harming of another midget outside of gladiatorial
combat.

 the failure to produce expected power.  (this rule may be
suspended at times)

 learning to read and/or write.

 destruction of property.

 possession of property.

 speaking to a human besides the master.

 other crimes which can be construed as harmful to either
the midgets themselves, humanity, or necessary items and
persons.

the beginning of enslavement:  midgets will be appropriated
where ever they congregate for the greater good.  they will
then be bred until numbers are sufficient.  they will then
be doled out in proportional numbers to the citizens of
america.  commercial establishments may be required to
purchase midgets from the government or abduct their own
midgets.  once the system is in place, all should go well.

the appropriation of canada:  as canada is an entirely
inferior country it will be easy to gain.  it may be as
simple as asking to join and then afterwards killing all
canadians with lethal injections or other such painless
means.  it may be as difficult as declaring nuclear war and
bombing canada perpetually until they are all eliminated.
midget storage areas will then be built, where frozen
midgets may be stacked by the million.  they will then be
thawed when needed.

government and midgets:  the government will control all new
midgets sold to businesses and private sector personnel.
the government will control the canadian midget storage
areas and be responsible for stocking them.  to do this
efficiently it necessitates the need for sarcom (science and
research center on midgets).  sarcom will be responsible for
keeping up to date on the midget situation and providing new
technology in the field.  this way there will always be new
discoveries in midgets.

numbering of midgets:  each midget and new midget born will
need to be reported to the government for a number.  this
will ensure that each midget is accounted for via a remote
locator fused into the head.  the government through sarcom
will be able to locate a midget at a moments notice.

dwarf tossing: the popular sport of tossing dwarves for
distance will be allowed during some holidays and festivals.
the frozen midgets will be the subject of this tossing.  no
live midgets will be allowed to be tossed as this may cause
them to violate some rules.

drawbacks:

 midgets are mortal.  the breeding midget may not be able
to keep up with the demand.  this can be solved by having
specially founded midget holding centers.  the appropriation
of canada may be necessary for this endeavor.

 rebellion of midgets.  midgets at some time may realize
the self-futility of their existence and refuse to work.
lethal penalties may solve this problem

 the amount of power generated may not be sufficient.
this can be solved by expanding the amount of midgets
working.  it may be necessary to have two wheels running
simultaneously.  the generator will be storing energy
provided during times when the entirety of the power output
is not being used however.

 pure midget genes may be hard to find.  this can be
solved by the field of genetics and some luck.  some midgets
are guaranteed to have pure genes.  after several
generations, the race should be pure.

 cruelty.  people may say that this is cruel to the
midgets.  this is completely false and untrue as their
standard of living will actually be increased by their
subjugation.  they will not be ridiculed because of their
impediment in this setting.  they will actually be valuable
to society and as such will have a sense of accomplishment.

 number of midgets.  of necessity a great number of
midgets will be had.  at the beginning of the program,
midgets will be bred to the fullest extent.  midgets will
then be frozen and placed in canada.  canada will have to be
taken for this purpose.

 humans who don't go with the system.  any human who
exhibits pro-midget behavior and is against midget
enslavement, will themselves be killed or enslaved.  this
will not be a great problem as most humans will realize the
benefits of the midget program.



midgetia
(a humorous and totally false account of midgets)

why are midgets and dwarves so small?
they are miniature humans, not so tall.
with tiny legs and little arms
big heads and lots of charm.
one day the public will see
that a midget's life is no jubilee.
people think that because of their height
that they can give midgets the sleight.
when will people realize
that they are ruining midget's lives?
midgets, petite they may be
are just the same as you and me.
they walk, run, sprint and crawl
even though they are not tall.
midgets function as normal folk
but people fun at them poke.
but one day the midgets will rise
and to most it will be a surprise.

figure 1


figure 2


figure 3


figure 4


the midget manifesto is not intended to be taken seriously.  it is a parody in the form of johnathan swift's
"a modest proposal".  it is an indictment of how we use people everyday because we think that we may be
better than them either physically, mentally, etc.

since july 26, 1999











