











atlantic ear, nose & throat – central florida's top doctors

































































 
 




















4.3 stars from 131 reviews












 call today
 book an appointment
 patient portal
 







menumenuhomeabout us

our providerscase studiescommunitycareers
services

sinus & allergyhearing & balancevoice & swallowingsurgery & facial plastics
patient resources

new patientpatient formspatient portalmake a payment onlineatlantic ent blog
locationscontact us 
home
about us

our providers
case studies
community
careers


services

sinus & allergy
hearing & balance
voice & swallowing
surgery & facial plastics


patient resources

new patient
patient forms
patient portal
make a payment online
atlantic ent blog


locations
contact us
 










 





state of the art - compassionate care 

helping you live your best life 

schedule an appointment    

learn more about atlantic ent    


 











sinus solutions
common complaints by patients, including nasal congestion, post-nasal drip, facial pain and pressure, and decreased sense of taste and smell, can all be related to underlying sinus disease or allergic rhinitis (seasonal allergies).
learn more







allergy treatments
allergy skin testing is performed in office, and consists of prick testing on the back followed by skin testing on the arms. this testing allows your provider to not only identify if you have allergies, but also to determine the severity of your allergies.
learn more







hearing help
hearing loss is a common complaint, and can be the result of a variety of medical issues and environmental factors. hearing loss can result in significant developmental delays in children and social isolation in adults.
learn more







voice evaluations
the larynx (or voice box) is where we produce our voice. common symptoms of problems with the voice box include hoarseness, vocal weakness, sore throat, and coughing.
learn more











balloon sinuplasty
balloon sinus dilation is a safe and effective procedure for some patients suffering from chronic sinusitis who do not respond well to medications. in office balloon sinus dilation is a minimally invasive procedure that is performed by our physicians, and allows the physician to reshape certain drainage pathways of the sinuses in order to restore normal mucus drainage. typically, patients experience a quick recovery, and most patients return to normal activity in 24 hours.



learn more 















allergy drops
allergy drops are a form of immunotherapy that is offered at atlantic ent. the drops are able to be self-administered at home rather than several times weekly in office, and are considered safer than allergy shots.



learn more 





choose your preferred orlando location





lake mary
1301 s. international pky.
          2nd floor, suite 2011
          lake mary, fl 32746
 call today





orange city
963 town center dr.
          suite 100.
          orange city, fl 32763
 call today





deland
1431 orange camp rd.
          suite 112
          deland, fl 32724
 call today



























 




 
find a clinic near you. 
find us on map 

 
call for an appointment! 
(407) 774-9880 

 
start your journey with us! 
new patients 



about usatlantic ear, nose & throat is a comprehensive, full-service otolaryngology practice with offices in both seminole and volusia counties. 
mailing address: 963 town center dr. suite# 100 orange city, fl 32763
(407) 774 - 9880
© 2020 atlantic ear, nose & throat, pa. all rights reserved.

additional links

our locations
patient portal
our community
make a payment
join our team
patient privacy
contact us
nd statement




4.3 stars from 131 reviews















 call today
 book an appointment
 patient portal



 





 



 




































