



sfpd role playing game










contents


home
faq
manual
archives
join sfpd


resources


area/division information
    - attractions / facilities
callsigns
equipment
pay & benefits
phonetic alphabet
    procedure
ranks
radio codes ribbons/awards
uniforms
vehicles
wanted/missing
weapons


roster


metropolitan division
- ash street precinct
      - meersbrook precinct
      - westbrook precinct
pineville division
ops support services
      - csi
      - highway policing team
      - k9/medic
      - motorcycle wing 
      - swat
 criminal investigation db
anti-crime db
community services 
command / ia / admin
civilian



 


 




welcome to the website of the 
  sierra falls police department play-by-email role playing game.



above: sierra falls police department headquarters
               





news from sierra falls 
could you deal with the problems of a modern-day city? 
could you solve the mysteries surrounding a serial killer? 
could you tell a family that one of their relatives was not coming home? 
could you do all this in a game?? 
if you've got a character idea and you feel you can write with emotion, intrigue, mystery and above all develop a character so that they seem real, then sierra falls pd role playing game would like to consider your application to join one of the finest police departments in california. 
sierra falls  is a fictious, relatively small city set in the central coast region of california, usa, between the cities of san francisco/san jose and los angeles. sfpd rpg is similar to many role playing games in that the storyline is driven primarily by the writer's themselves and what they want to happen, the game is here to provide an environment for people to write in, and from time-to-time where necessary, events may be directed by the game master in the form of a post from 'dispatch. 
for more information on the sfpd rpg itself visit the faq section or if you can't wait to get started, please feel free to have a read through the rpg guidelines and then apply to join.
andy heeley
              game master, sfpd rpg










            this game is a proud member of nova horizon simulations. 



 


 
copyright©2005, andy heeley - gamemaster, sierra falls police department role playing game 
 





