




geoexchange,geothermal,loop,heat pump, utility,  vancouver, vancouver island, bc, canada, united states













 
  
  
  


 


 
 




 


 





  
 


  


  


  


  


  


magnum project management 

    1532 sunrise drive

    parksville, bc, canada

    v9p 1x7

    toll free : 1-866-magnumu
tel : +1 (250) 752 3699
fax : +1 (250) 752 0267
email us!
 






we are keeping an eye on our planet! 
click the geothermal links below: 
geothermal heat pumps, which one?  
geoexchange loop design 
geothermal loop information  
home owner monthly savings information 
geoexchange power power point 
watch a geothermal movie 
 
paydirt- geoexchange utility or a geothermal utility make your loop pay for itself plus! 
geoexchange, geothermal igshpa experience? 
seeking a career in the green energy sector?
magnum project management is currently seeking experienced geoexchange installers, igshpa certified technicians, eit and qualified staff, fusion welders.
career opportunities 
email your resume  careers@magnumpm.com 
news - press release
we are keeping an eye on our planet! 
“most projects knock trees down. at mpm, we are  
standing trees back up…one structure at a time” 
every home that is converted to 
geoexchange equals 2 new acres of forest 
news release! 
eco residential energy grant pdf 
$3500 grant for geoexchange retrofit  
magnum pm can get your apartment, home 
or building booked for an installation.  
more grant information  
natural resources canada's office of energy efficiency 
now offers the ecoenergy retrofit incentive for buildings,
a component of the ecoenergy retrofit financial 
incentives for homes, buildings and industrial processes. 
if you have not yet started a new energy efficiency project,
you could receive $10 per gigajoule of energy saved, 
up to 25 percent of eligible project costs.
the first call for proposals will start on june 15 
with a deadline of september 15, 2007. 
here's what you need to know if you want to apply:
call us for more information or use our grant links.  
need geothermal-geoexchange info?  
try these helpful pages...  
geothermal live help is a call away-details  
1.866.624.6868 toll free  
geothermal heat, save up to 75% - is it right for you 
rich rygh/the capital times - june 2006! 
holley-schink design builders said it cost about $20,000  
extra to install a geothermal system in its parade home,  
but it will save about $1,800 per year in heating 
and cooling costs. email or call for details for your home 
 1.866.624.6868 or geothermal@magnumpm.com 
geothermal heat pumps, which one?  
geoexchange loop design 
geothermal loop information   
 
paydirt- make your loop pay for itself plus!   
magnum project management exclusively introduces: think~plan~organize~execute© 
plan your project with us! call or email for details -  think~plan~organize~execute@magnumpm.com
 news - press releases 
magnum project management  
joins bc sustainable energy association 
magnum project management  
signs with bc geoexchange coalition 
going green, planning,  
designing or choosing geothermal?   
geoxchange@magnumpm.com. 
planning for geoexchange geothermal in 2007? 
commercial, residential, geoethermal geoexchange geothermal installation consulting is also available for installations, magnum project management & lincoln energy will do the entire project.- lincolnenergy@magnumpm.com
geoexchange geothermal package kits 
available!save 33% on geoexchange geothermal  
"do it yourself" geoexchange, geothermal in '07?
are you looking for help on installing a geoexchange 
geothermal heating system , then you have come
to the right place! call 
1.866.624.6868 or 
geoxchange@magnumpm.com. 
essential innovation geoexchange 
geothermal package kits.
complete with all the necessary designing
and technical support guiding you through 
the process for a successful geoexchange 
geothermal installation. not only saving 
big on your energy costs, but also saving
you big on your geoexchange geothermal 
installation cost! we guide you through 
geoexchange every essential step of the way! 
we will plan and discuss your geoexchange
geothermal job site and guide the design and
layout of the geoexchange geothermal ground loops,
complete with simple, easy to understand 
language. we take the mystery and guesswork
out of geothermal geoexchange, in reality,
very basic idea 
magnum project management provides online custom geoexchange geothermal consulting services for residential geoexchange essential planning and custom geoexchange consulting. magnum project management will geoexchange consult on the detailed information that helps the homeowner, residential, commercial customer evaluate the economics of a geoexchange geothermal loop quickly, in an affordable  manor. in basic installations a geothermal geoexchange loop can now be managed by the home owners resulting in savings. magnum project management will consult, plan and give step by step assistance on your custom geothermal geoexchange installation whether in bc,canada or the us or internationally. for approxiamately 5% of your total installation cost magnum project management will coach be your geothermal geoexchange coach installation or a geoexchange geothermal package kit. please contact us or call  toll free for details. free geothermal geoexchange powerpoint available, just call. short turn around, computer generated geoexchange geothermal reports complete with annual projected costs, trak savings and custom geoexchange geothermal loop & equipment required (geothermal geoexchange package kits). staff of magnum are igshpa (international ground source heat pump association)certified. magnum project management specialize in open loop geoexchange, closed loop geoexchange, water well geoexchange and geoexchange pond loops to reduce your heating cooling bill substantially! check this out this link  for an example of  for what small business is saying about geothermal geoexchange in bc and other locations:.
local company saves 90% using geoexchange earth heating system
geothermal sites
commercial geoethermal geoexchange geothermal installation consulting is also available for installations, magnum project management & lincoln energy can install  the entire geoexchange project - lincolnenergy@magnumpm.com
ask about leasing your commercial geoexchange installation, leasing plans available in 2007
project management  
magnum project management is a 100% (b.c.)canadian, privately owned company which prides itself in providing top quality project and construction management since 1997. headquartered in british columbia , magnum has practiced their professional project management services in b.c, western canada and the united states . 
magnum's mission is to provide leadership in all aspects of project and construction management with integrity in a cost-effective and timely matter for the benefit of the client, project, and planet. 
magnum project management is an environmentally sound company with a passion for green energy and environmentally safe alternatives. very experienced, magnum has been employed by private and public sectors alike. magnum project management has experience in all aspects of management including real estate development, forestry, industrial, highways and subdivisions, value engineering, design build, and essential innovations for geothermal, [geoexchange, ground source heat pumps] heating and cooling systems.
mpm signs mou with

  geoexchange bc
october 2005
click here 
how does magnum conduct business?   
ethics
at magnum project management, we believe strongly in the importance of ethics in a company, and always work to ensure that our actions match our beliefs. we work diligently to build trust and relationship between the management team and the client. if there is unity and teamwork, magnum believes that jobs will run smoothly and cooperatively. people are truly our most important asset and we regard them with respect and service. magnum strives to be a company of integrity, keeping promises and remaining honest in all words and actions. we pride ourselves in being an environmentally conscious company that acknowledges the impact of our actions on the planet and we make every effort to find environmentally friendly alternatives.
qualifications 
a highly regarded company in the world of project and construction management, magnum takes pride in its membership in the project managers institute (pmi) and has high work standards in compliance with the international standards organization (iso 9000). also a member of the vancouver island project managers association and an affiliate of the canadian management consultants, magnum is more than qualified to get your job done with the highest principles. randal jenkins of magnum project management has been nominated to the board of directors for geoexchange bc. geoexchangebc is in place  in order to further the advancements of green energy throughout bc and the world. staff of magnum  are igshpa (international ground source heat pump association)certified.  
commitment 
working effectively from concept to completion, magnum project management strives to satisfy all goals of the owner including cost, timeline, and quality. combining superior delivery with the most qualified personnel, magnum assures all owners that their jobs will be completed to the stakeholder's satisfaction. we are committed to taking an honest, leadership-based role in our management that will overall benefit the client and produce the anticipated result. keeping relationships open and honest is our largest commitment to you.  
 
diy geoexchange-geoethermal 
more on geoexchange geothermal installations! geoxchange@magnumpm.com. 
issue # 185 - april/may 2001 mother earth news

  the big dig - geoexchange

edited 2005 by mpm 
a 75% savings on energy bills is 

  right under your feet. 
after years of involvement in alternative energy, mother earth news has discovered that while independent solar, wind and hydro power can supplement or even replace increasingly expensive grid electricity, getting started can be a bit costly. what we've also discovered, however, is that the initial expense is worth it paying off in the form of low monthly bills. with substantial savings, your independent geoexchange system will pay for itself in the long run. plus, you get to save the planet while saving money.

  that said, they would like to introduce the most energy-efficient and cost-effective way to heat, cool and produce domestic hot water: geothermal energy. this type of power is literally and figuratively a groundbreaking way to reduce your electricity bills by actually using the temperature of the earth to heat and cool your home. basically, all you need to get started is some polyethylene pipe, a compressor in the basement and a hole in the ground, and you'll save up to 75% on monthly electricity bills! - sam martin
geoxchange@magnumpm.com.
exchanging geoexchange heat with the planet

  one of the most frequent comments we hear from our customers who have switched from conventional heating systems to geoexchange geothermal is that the system's so quiet they cannot tell if it's operating. many customers say they feel the need to check the thermostat and system in the basement to be certain that everything is still working. (another thing they often say is, "we only wish we had decided to switch to geoexchange geothermal long ago.")

  since soil temperatures several feet below the surface remain at a nearly constant 50°f year round, the earth actually acts as a massive low temperature solar storage unit - cooler than surface temperatures in the summer, warmer than the surface in the winter. geothermal geoexchange energy, also known as geoexchange, is literally the transfer and storage of heat from the earth. 

  similar to your kitchen refrigerator, a residential geoexchange geothermal system uses water or a nontoxic refrigerant that circulates through a ground loop where it absorbs heat. a compressor then amplifies this heat to a higher useful temperature before rejecting the heat through a finned heat-exchange coil into the household duct system. this system also allows the cooled refrigerant to flow into an expansion valve so that a "reversing valve" can automatically change the direction of refrigerant flow to provide air conditioning. many residential systems geoexchange also incorporate a small auxiliary heat exchanger called a desuperheater to heat the domestic water supply, providing 60% of the normal household hotwater load. in the summer, the hot water is a byproduct of air conditioning and in winter, hot water is made at one-third the cost of operating an electric hot water tank. 

  while a geoexchange geothermal system will not relieve you completely of dependence on grid power, it will dramatically reduce the amount of electricity you need from your local utility without sacrificing comfort. indeed, this type of system can provide heat up to 100°f and air conditioning down to 45°f. in summer months, if the compressor in your basement has to work only to reject heat to the cool earth rather than the much hotter outdoor temperatures, it can provide two to three times as many cooling btus per watt of power consumed. that equals a savings of 50% to 66% in cooling cost and a dramatically reduced electrical load for the utility. 

  moreover, since the earth provides geoexchange,  75% of the heating and cooling energy, analysts are discovering that noise and thermal pollution from outdoor units is minimal. electrical generation, transmission loads and power plant emissions can be reduced by 400% per household. all around, geothermal geoexchange energy is a win-win option for the environment, utility companies and the homeowners.
geoxchange@magnumpm.com.
the birth of geothermal geoexchange                                     the idea for geoexchange geothermal heating and cooling dates back to the early 1940s when watercooled heat pumps and air conditioners first evolved. engineers and technicians realized that water had a high rate of heat transfer that allowed for smaller heat exchangers and minimal refrigerant charges. from the 1940's to the 1970s, however, energy was cheap, and not everyone had access to large volumes of clean water or a place to discharge it. consequently, most of the early watercooled systems were used in commercial structures where well water or process water was in continually available. meanwhile, the notably less efficient air-source systems enjoyed a major market growth due to their ease of installation. 

  a typical "slinky" loop, such as the one pictured here (a), may consist of four or five parallel trenches separated by ten to 15 feet and laid with 600 feet of coil. (b, c) a contractor installs a closed-pond loop system. 

  these days, geothermal geoexchange energy has become a major industry, used in the creation of schools, hospitals, churches, military bases, public housing and high-rise office towers. virtually every sector of the market with concern for operating costs has come to recognize that energy expense is significantly less with geothermal geoexchange than with conventional heating and cooling methods. in many instances, public buildings are reaping return on the initial investment in as little as four to five years. 
geoxchange@magnumpm.com.
loop to loop with geoexchange

  there are two primary types of geothermal geoexchange systems: open-loop ageoexchange nd closed-loop .geoexchange open loop geoexchange systems operate from well water and require space for water discharge. closed-loop  geoexchange methods, however, circulate water and non-toxic antifreeze through a series of buried hdpe polyethylene pipes. the closed loop geoexchange varieties include geoexchange pond loops, horizontal trgeoexchange ench loops and vertical geoexchange loops. 
geothermal geoexchange open-loop systems

  the open-loop geoexchange variety requires a source of feed water, such as a well. they are less expensive to install, but may cost more to maintain if your water supply is unreliable. at a typical open-loop geoexchange system ranges in cost from $20,00 for the best 2.5-ton system to $40,000 for a two-speed, 6-ton unit. that includes interior plumbing materials, complete installation and a ten-year warranty. 

  while the majority of rural wells can be used with a geothermal geoexchange system, there are exceptions. one problem can be the presence of iron bacteria in your water. though not fit for human consumption, they will cause a troublesome buildup of iron deposits inside plumbing. if your water source contains iron bacteria, you might want to consider a closed-loop geoexchange system. 

  if you're considering an geothermal geoexchange open-loop system, make sure your water supply or well can meet the following guidelines. (note: more specific questions regarding the chemical content of nonpotable water and its suitability for use are best directed to an equipment manufacturer.) 

• untreated water must be potable (no brackish or rotten egg odors).

• the water table should be within 100 feet of the surface.

• the volume of available water should be equal to twice the peak household use. 

• wells drilled into shallow bedrock and specifically into karst (cavernous limestone) formations function best if the casing can extend below the pumping water level. (shallow water is easily contaminated.)

• wells drilled into sand and gravel formations function best if a well screen is installed. (well screens dramatically increase the capacity of a well and assure a longer lasting and more reliable water supply.

• lastly, always avoid the use of galvanized pipe fittings and steel pipe with any water system. galvanized steel is easily corroded by electrolysis and will fail within a few years. 

  closed-loop geoexchange systems are clean, very low-maintenance and usually carry a loop materials warranty of 25 to 100 years.
geoxchange@magnumpm.com.
geothermal geoexchange closed-loop systems

  the good thing about closed loop geoethermal geoexchange systems is that they can be installed almost anywhere. the loop is filled once with clean water and nontoxic antifreeze, and a small pump recirculates the antifreeze solution between the loop and the exchange system. geothermal geoexchange closed loop systems remain clean, are very low on maintenance and usually carry a loop materials' warranty of 25 to 55 years. the three types of closed-loops geoexchange ystems are pond, horizontal geoexchange and vertical  geoexchange. 

  pond loops for a six-ton geothermal geoexchange system a pond loop typically requires a pond size of at least half an acre and a minimum depth of eight feet. smaller ponds may experience thermal fluctuations from the geoexchange system, which can be stressful to aquatic life. in central ohio, larger ponds typically run temperatures of 70°f at eight feet in the summer, and 38°f in the winter. 

  a hot water unit and pump . coring a path into the house. a 2" hole is drilled through the foundation. a 2" pvc sleeve is inserted and watersealed. 

  pond geoexchange loops are typically the lowest costing design of closed geoexchange loop heat exchanger. the average cost per geoexchange ton of capacity runs more affordable for materials, antifreeze andgeoexchange labor. a complete installation of geoexchange equipment, a 10-year warranty and a geoexchange loop attached to existing ductwork costs from $18,000 for a 2.5-ton unit to $30,000 for a two-speed, six-ton size unit. to make geoexchange trenching to a pond practical, the geoexchange pond should be at a lower elevation than the home and no more than 100 meters away. soil conditions should allow for geoexchange trenching without encountering bedrock or difficult terrain. 

  pond lgeoexchange oops are typically constructed from 300-foot rolls of 0.75-inch polyethylene pipe that carry sdr11 rating. the rolls are prepared with spacers between each layer of pipe - once all spacers are in place and the rolls are banded tightly, the spacers are attached to a manifold constructed from one-inch sch 40 polyethylene pipe. this geoexchange manifold uses a connection method called "reverse return", in which the first circuit on the supply line is connected as the last circuit on the return side. this requires more geoexchange manifold pipe but assures that each geoexchange parallel circuit of pipe on the geoexchange manifold receives equal flow. geoxchange@magnumpm.com.
horizontal geoexchange loops horizontal geoexchange loops typically require two or more acres of unrestricted open area for igeoexchange nstallation and the cost of a horizontal geoexchange loop will vary according to the geoexchange loop design and the local site conditions. typical geoexchange costs range from $600 to a little more than $1,000 per ton of loop capacity. complete geoexchange systems with ten-year warranties, installed with loops and attached to existing duct work range in price from $11,700 for a 2.5-ton system to $18,500 for a six-ton, two-speed system. 

  the simplest horizontal loop is a single pipe loop constructed from 1.25-inch polyethylene pipe. single pipe geoexchange loops of up to 1,600 feet may be constructed and placed in the bottom of a simple out and back geoexchange trench dug to three to five feet. typically, the deeper the geoexchange pipe is placed, the more stable the soil temperature will be. the length of geoexchange pipe required for horizontal geoexchange loops ranges from just under 750 feet per ton for light dry soil to as little as 350 feet per geoexchange ton for heavy, saturated soil.

  more involved geoexchange horizontal loops may assume any number of configurations depending on lot and soil conditions. in addition to the single-pipe geoexchange trench, there are two-, three-, four- and six-pipe trenches. as the number of geoexchange pipes in a trench increases, of course, so does the width, which allows geoexchange contractors to lay extended-pipe loops in what is known as "slinky" loops. geoxchange@magnumpm.com.
geoexchange slinky loop 
a typical geoexchange slinky-loop field may consist of four or five parallel trenches separated by ten to 15 feet and laid with 600 feet of coil. with an experienced crew of four - track-hoe operator, safety-man and two loop installers - the average work time to install a geoexchange slinky loop is about an hour and 20 minutes per ton of coil. after all costs are accounted for, slinky loop installation averages $800 per geoexchange ton.geoxchange@magnumpm.com.
geoexchange vertical loops 

  for small lots and locations with little acreage, geoexchange vertical loops are an economical alternative. they require the use of a geoexchange drilling rig to bore a four-inch diameter hole for the geoexchange heat exchanger piping. depending on soil and rock conditions, the depth of a geoexchange vertical loop bore can range 130 to 245 feet per ton of geoexchange equipment capacity. drilling geoexchange costs, with geoexchange manifold connections and ageoexchange ntifreeze fill, average $1,500 to $1,800 per ton. local geoexchange drilling costs vary, so vertical geoexchange loops can range from $12,600 for a 2.5-ton geoexchange system to as much as $21,870 for a six-ton, two-speed system with a ten-year equipment warranty. when possible, vertical geoexchange wells are separated by 15 feet to avoid thermal interference between wells. the closed-loop heat exchanger is constructed from two parallel lengths of 0.75-inch geoexchange polyethylene pipe, and a geoexchange "u" bend is welded to the bottom end to connect the geoexchange supply and geoexchange return side of the exchanger. once the exchanger is assembled, it is pressure-tested and a ten-foot section of re-bar is taped to it to keep the lead section straight. next, a geoexchange grout line is loosely attached and the exchanger is filled with water to prevent it from floating back out of the well if the well begins to fill with water. once inserted into the geoexchange well, the bore is grouted up with a geoexchange bentonite clay slurry and the grout pipe is removed for reuse on the next well. the geoexchange bentonite grout serves two functions: to seal the geoexchange well and prevent contamination from surface sources, and to provide a medium for heat transfer between the exchanger tubing and the side wall of the well bore.  
need a geoexchange geothermal lease  
or geoexchange geothermal  leases,  
a geoexchange geothermal   
system leasing for a  
commercial building or 
geoexchange geothermal 
lease for a subdivision,  
apartment or multi-residential complex?  
email magnum project management   
igshpa certified installers 
lease_geoexchange@magnumpm.com
searching for geothermal?  
magnum project management  
geoexchange tip -  
try these additional key search words: 

 geothermal geoexchange 
geothermal geoexchange heat  
geothermal geoexchange heating  
geothermal tetco geoexchange heat pump  
geoexchange geothermal heat pumps  
geothermal geoexchange power  
geoexchange geothermal heating 
geoexchange geothermal heating and cooling  
geoexchange geothermal systems  
of geothermal geoexchange 
geothermal geoexchangegradient  
residential geoexchange geothermal  
geothermal geoexchange system  
geothermal heating systems  
geoexchange geothermal cooling  
geoexchange geothermal air geoxchange@magnumpm.com. 
geoexchange geothermal residential  
geoexchange geothermal furnace  
geoexchange geothermal heating system  
geothermal geoexchange hvac  
geoexchange geothermal heatpump  
geothermal geoexchange heatpump 
geoexchange geothermal heating cooling  
a geothermal  
geothermal resources  
geothermal water  
geoexchange water 
geothermal air conditioning  
geoexchange air conditioning  
geothermal tax  
trane geothermal  
geothermal installation  
icekube heat 
icekubeheat 
geothermal contractors  
geoexchange contractors 
geoexchange in 
geoexchange loop designers 
geoexchange loop design 
geothermal in  
geothermal loop  
geothermal well  
geothermal ground loop 
geoexchange ground loop consultant 
what is geothermal  
geothermal research  
heat pump geothermal  
geothermal plant  
american geothermal  
geothermal cost  
nevada geothermal  
geothermal wells  
dx geothermal consultant 
cost of geothermal  
geothermal heat pump cost  
geoexchange heat pump cost 
geothermal ground loop consultant 
geothermal drilling  
geoexchange drilling costs 
geothermal dx  
geothermal activity  
geoexchange activity 
geothermal power plants  
solar geothermal  
geothermal heatpumps  
geothermal incentives  
geothermal power plant  
iceland geothermal  
geothermal maps  
geoexchange map 
geoexchange field 
geothermal field  
geothermal heat exchange  
install geothermal  
salton sea geothermal  
geothermal resource  
diy geothermal  
geothermal map  
geothermal pipe  
do it yourself geothermal  
geothermal installers  
geoexchange installer 
geoexchange professionals 
geoexchange professional 
geothermal plants  
help with geoexchange 
geoexchange expert 
international expert 
closed loop geoexchange 
closed loop geothermal  
advanced geothermal  
geothermal heating and cooling systems  
of geothermal heat  
geysers geothermal  
journal of volcanology and geothermal  
geothermal companies  
geothermal units  
geothermal pond  
alternative sustainable renewable geothermal  
geothermal solar  
solar geoexchange systems 
geothermal solar systems 
geoexchange solar combinations 
geo-solar combo 
geothermal  
geothermal heat pump systems  
geoexchange heat pump systems 

commercial geoethermal geoexchange geothermal installation consulting is also available for installations, magnum project management & lincoln energy can install the entire geoexchange project - lincolnenergy@magnumpm.com
 
 
 







 




copyright 2005-2006 © magnum project management. all rights reserved. 


home  |  site map  |  contacts  |  project management  |  construction management
geothermal  |  education center  |  areas served  |  specialty projects

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 







