




coastal technologies - web designers, ecommerce, marketing consulting, online marketer | upper montclair nj









































   


       

home
custom web sites and apps
website accessibility
internet / digital marketing
contact us






    




   press enter to begin your search   








     
does your website meet ada accessibility standards?if not, you may be missing 20-25% of your target audience... and you are subject to being sued. make your site accessible   
custom web sitesengage visitors and increase
business with a professionally
developed web site. learn more   
engage, entertain, and educate your audience.we'll create your logo animation, whiteboard videos, and animated explainer videos to make your marketing pop!   
feeling overwhelmed?we're here to help.  web site updates, adwords, email blasts, social media posts, or even technical support for your computers. let us reduce your stress level.  big jobs. small jobs. it's all good. contact us   





focusing our attention on the needs of your customers allows us to bring the best service and results to you.


coastal technologies ~ your nj web designers for professional ecommerce, mobile commerce, social media solutions, electronic / social marketing, and seo. 




 web design  custom web sites wordpress sites ecommerce / mobile commerce web hosting 



 physical world marketing  wifi marketing loyalty programs digital signage electronic menu boards 



 video  logo animations whiteboard videos animated explainers  




 web site enhancements  content updates redesign / re-skin seo / analytics blog posts 



 emarketing  broadcast email email lists social marketing pay-per-click advertising business listings / pages 



 custom applications  web-based applications mobile apps  



we are your nj web designers for professional web, e-commerce, and marketing solutions. we can design a website that is an extension of your marketing. by focusing on what your customers need, we help you serve them better and sell more.
we are here to provide you with expert marketing advice, web design, e-commerce solutions and unsurpassed personalized service. we are more than just web designers; we are your marketing partner, tech support hotline, and the biggest cheerleaders for your success. drop us a line and let’s talk. ask about a free evaluation of your existing web site and marketing plans.

 what we can help you achieve personal or corporate branding | seo optimization | web site & ui development | customer engagement | targeted marketing

 


how we work our focus is on you… and your customers 

 with over 30 years of experience, coastal technologies is your professional web marketing and online marketer consulting team. your customers and prospects know what they want. we make sure they get it from you. we begin by investing a lot of time getting to know you, your business and your customers. we'll ask a lot of questions to understand the marketing you are presently doing, what direction your business is going in, and where you want to take it. we want to understand your passion for what you're doing and what makes your business special. if you don't have all the answers, we'll work it out together. it's important.
 







     



 custom  designs



             



 detail oriented



            



 responsive



           



 increase revenue



           



 big ideas



       



 great listeners



 even in a down-up-down rollercoaster economy, we can help your business thrive.

 



 there’s plenty of money to be made, even during times of economic uncertainty. history has proven time and again that businesses that make intelligent investments in marketing during recessions reap fantastic gains in market share, profits and customer loyalty. whether we are designing a web site, developing a marketing strategy, establishing your social media presence, or even something as simple as designing a business card, our meticulous focus on what’s best for your customers remains our guiding principle. it’s also what makes our projects so successful. a variety of solutions with a common foundation all of our products and services offer ways for our clients to provide better service and a more fulfilling experience to their own customers. that leads to more business and increased profits. that’s why our products and services pay for themselves.


 



 is your online presence making you money? if not, let us help you establish your business online. we’ll get you set up with a web site, e-commerce (and mobile commerce), facebook, twitter, electronic coupon promotions, text messaging, and more. and we’ll be there to manage your campaigns if you don’t want to do it yourself.

 



 we’re here to help many of our clients rely on us for technical support for their everyday technology – even for products and services we didn’t supply. we know how frustrating it can be when things aren’t working, and we’re happy to help.

 



 marketing and innovation those are the keys to business growth. everything else is an expense. we’ll help you do both, better.

https://youtube.com/watch?v=ifuf51pv0ty


 we make amazing things every day. find out what we can do for you.


 
       












  nj web designers for professional ecommerce, mobile commerce, social media solutions, electronic / social / physical web marketing, and seo focusing our attention on the needs of your clients allows us to bring the best service and results to you.in partnership with     
additional linkspta eximius systems testing and quality assurance techniques help!desk – free help desk crm software for customer service and technical support cookies and privacy accessibility statement   
our location 
615 valley rd · montclair, nj 07043
phone: 973-744-2900
email: please use our contact form or call the number above.

  ©1997-2025 frank louvis • coastal technologies · all rights reserved.          


 
  home custom web sites and apps website accessibility internet / digital marketing contact us      
this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're okay with it, but you can use your browser settings to disable cookies if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.



necessary							
  necessaryalways enabled

 necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.


non-necessary							
  non-necessary

 any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.



 save & accept




























































