













home - st. dominic school


































































































371 pedretti rd. | cincinnati, 
oh 
45238, 
united states

1-(513)251-1276
parishoffice@stdominicdelhi.org 
parish website
  
 saint dominic school exists to serve the individual needs, both spiritual and educational, of the children of our parish and local community.organizations

athletics 
scouting america 
girl scouts 
pto 
education commission 
tuition credit program 
after school care 
parent volunteers 


about us

staff 
mission and beliefs 
careers 
admission 
media 
history 


academics

student activities 
preschool 
programs 
curriculum 
technology 
makerspace 


for parents & students

school calendar 
communications 
handbook and policies 
health services 
school supply list 
library resources 
online learning resources 


contact
become a blackhawk

open house 


future hs students and parents
























welcome to st. dominic school!
we proudly exist to serve the individual needs, both spiritual and educational, of the children
of the parish and local community.















 
click here for information on our january 26th open house!
alumni, click here for information on our 90th anniversary celebration!
 
operated by st. dominic parish, st. dominic school is an archdiocesan roman catholic, state accredited, elementary school, serving students in pre-k through eighth grade.  we are located in delhi township, 6 miles west of downtown cincinnati.
st. dominic school strives to guide each student into becoming a faith-filled child of god through a strong catholic-based religion program.  closely related to this spiritual development, we provide a strong academic program which utilizes differentiation as the groundwork to assist each child in recognizing his or her own potential.  our warm and caring faculty and staff members are dedicated to the success of each and every student, ensuring a well-rounded educational experience.  a vibrant community of involved families and volunteers also add to what makes st. dominic so special!
explore our website, or reach out for more information to discover why st. dominic is where “great minds soar.”  with over 85 years of catholic educational excellence, we know you’ll love our school as much as we do!





















interested in having your children attend st. dominic?



contact us














educational excellence for over 85 years





0

pre-k enrollment






0

k-8 enrollment






0

staff with degrees

















life at st. dominic school
































for current parents and students















calendar of events

view upcoming school events.

click here.






gradelink

find student grades and other important documents.

click here.






parent press

read the latest weekly school newsletter on gradelink.

click here.
















read what others have to say…




















st. dominic school is more than a school, it is a thriving faith-based community that has helped to form my children.
mark goinsparent and parishoner






i have seen my children grow in their faith, character, and morals while at st. dominic.
jessica williamsparent and parishoner






the teachers and kids are really nice, and we get to learn about how jesus sacrificed himself for us.
tyler p.student






i love st. dominic because we have great teachers.
lily t.student



































school hours 8:00 a.m.-3:00 p.m.
address & contact 371 pedretti rd.
cincinnati, oh  45238
ph: (513)251-1276
fax: (513)251-6428

  
facebook


st. dominic church


st. dominic school pto


parent login


st. dominic athletics


 












			© 2021 st. dominic delhi parish -  all rights reserved			







we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.






								functional							


functional
 


functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







								performance							


performance
 


performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







								analytics							


analytics
 


analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







								advertisement							


advertisement
 


advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







								others							


others
 


other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













save & accept










 

















