 













home | undergraduate admissions

















        skip to main content
      




university of california, santa barbara





                            my status
                            

mailing list
quick links
































toggle navigation








search



search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    






main navigation


apply 

how to apply
freshman
transfer
international
faq
dates and deadlines



events & visits
majors

explore ucsb 

why ucsb?
academics
santa barbara area
student life




ucsb communities 

overview
african diasporic
american indian
asian/pacific islander
chicanx/latinx
foster youth
middle eastern, north african, south asian
lgbtq+
more communities




resources 

publications and videos
meet your counselor
mailing list
contact us
parents and supporters








quick links


counselor resources


frequently asked questions


dates & deadlines






mailing list
my status


















home
















ucsb offers globally recognized academic programs in a collaborative, dynamic atmosphere. ucsb is more than a place to obtain a degree—it's a top 10 public university in one of the most beautiful places on earth where you can carve your own path towards an impactful future. 











news & admissions updates





 
 
 





information icon uc santa barbara
 





come visit us
we are excited to welcome you to our beautiful campus! the visitor center is open for a variety of visit options; check out our events &visits webpage for more information.





information icon uc santa barbara
 
 





register for first-year/freshman & transfer webinars
check out our admissions webinars for first-year and transfer applicants to navigate through the admission process.
admission events











information icon uc santa barbara
 
 





uc application closed
the uc application is closed for first-year/freshmen and transfer applicants. the next application cycle is from october 1 - november 30, 2025 for the fall 2026 year.
 





information icon uc santa barbara
 
 





find us at a college fair
find ucsb at a college fair near you! we're excited to meet you.
 





 
view our admission terminology glossary!
spanish korean chinesejapanesetelugu
 











campus video
view our campus overview video to learn more about our campus, academics, student life, athletics, and more.
visit our youtube channel for a variety of playlists—including tutorials, major spotlights videos, and a faculty lecture series—to learn even more about the ucsb experience.

















first-year/freshman
graduating high school soon? amazing! we'll let you know how to get started on applying to ucsb as a first-year. 
freshman applicants






transfer
learn about junior-level transfer requirements and the transfer experience at ucsb.
transfer applicants






international
get information on applying to ucsb as an international first-year/freshman or transfer student.
international applicants











explore admissions





frequently asked questions
majors





dates & deadlines
student life





meet your admissions counselor
santa barbara area












#5
public university in the u.s.


            read more
          


forbes magazine, which showcased 500 of the finest u.s. institutions of higher education in its 2023 america’s top colleges list, ranked uc santa barbara as the no. 5 public university in the country.









23,232
undergraduates


            read more
          


ucsb has far more undergraduates than graduate students, meaning undergraduates can be involved in faculty projects that would normally involve graduate students at other campuses. 









6
faculty nobel prizes


            read more
          


our faculty include six nobel laureates for chemistry, physics, and economics. will you be next?









17:1
student-to-faculty ratio


            read more
          


our student-to-faculty ratio of 18:1 means you can interact with your professors in classes, office hours, research collaborations, and more.














campus quick links





housing, dining, & auxiliary enterprises
ucsb housing





office of financial aid & scholarships
cost of attendance calculator





ucsb communities
communities





student engagement and leadership
student organizations list











college of letters & science
letters and science





college of engineering
engineering





college of creative studies
creative studies





summer sessions
fssp & transfer edge











the university campus is located on indigenous land. in recognizing the traditional custodians of the land, we pay respect to the chumash people, the history and culture of the community, and all native americans as america’s first peoples. we pay respect to the chumash elders past, present and future for they hold the memories, the traditions, and the culture of this area, which has become a place of learning for people from all over the world.




























undergraduate admissions
1210 cheadle hall, santa barbara, ca 93106-2014
(805) 893-2881

connect




                                                    instagram




                                                    x




                                                    facebook



                            
                                                    youtube








information for:

freshman applicants


transfer applicants


international applicants


counselors







helpful links:

join our mailing list


contact admissions


privacy statement


title ix nondiscrimination notice












copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved. terms of use accessibility










