









shropshire country brides | bridal boutique near church stretton
































































home
about
collections

essense of australia
stella york
plus size wedding dresses
ronald joyce
all who wander
take me home today
bridesmaid dresses


accessories
the showroom
blog
faqs
scb real brides
real brides submission
contact
book appointment













 
 
 













discover your dream wedding dress








choose the perfect accessories to accompany your dress








your beautiful wedding experience starts here










shropshire country brides is a family owned and run leading bridal stockist near shrewsbury. we are delighted to have been described as “an exceptional bridal boutique” offering brides-to-be exquisite gowns and dresses by world leading designers such as essence of australia, stella york, all who wander and ronald joyce. our bridal gowns and bridesmaid dresses are beautiful and diverse, catering to a variety of tastes, styles and shapes.
essense | stella york | take me home today | ronald joyce | plus size | all who wander
accessories  |  the showroom

book your appointment now







book your appointment with shropshire country brides today
we are not your “usual” bridal boutique. our clients enjoy a bespoke bridal experience and are assured that they will leave with more than just their perfect dress. you and your bridal party will be creating memories you’ll cherish forever and shropshire country brides love being a part of your wedding journey!



















the showroom
our spacious showroom is situated in the stunning countryside of leebotwood, a few miles outside of shrewsbury near the historic market town of church stretton. here, you are surrounded by picturesque scenery, avoiding the busy scenes of the high street. but just because we are rural doesn’t mean we’re hard to find! shropshire country brides is conveniently based on the a49, which is easily accessible for all surrounding areas. our premises come with ample parking spaces.
the showroom is airy and full of natural light – perfect for displaying our carefully selected collections and accessories. here you will start your wedding journey, as our friendly and experienced staff help you find your perfect dress while you and your party enjoy complimentary prosecco! but the service doesn’t stop there; we remain available to help you with alterations recommendations and advice after your initial appointment right through to your special day. let us know how much you enjoyed your wedding and maybe send us a picture of your special day – we love seeing our brides’ photos!
 



















scb real brides – photography by jamess merrick photography





a personal journey
searching for your dream wedding dress and accessories is important and personal; we understand this and want to make it as special and meaningful as possible for you. our customer service is of the highest quality and we ensure a personal experience when you visit us.
to fully immerse your party in a bespoke bridal experience, we strongly advise arranging an appointment before visiting to avoid disappointment. brides are welcome to bring their bridal party to enjoy the experience, just let us know how many, so we can accommodate.
jackie and emma








to arrange an appointment, please call us on 01694 771470 or fill out the enquiry form below.

book an appointment






	notice: javascript is required for this content.











 








home
about
collections
accessories
the showroom
contact
 






facebook


© 2025 shropshire country brides. website by codebreak | privacy policy. 

























































