







las casas








 




























las casas 
		blog


		 

this site reflects heightened 
      contemporary interest in bartolomé de las casas. it provides information, 
      research, and analysis of the life and writings of the person who has 
      become a symbol of justice and human rights in latin america and 
      elsewhere. sources for the study of his life are provided. space will be 
      given to discussion of controversies, as well as focus on persons who have 
      exemplified the spirit of las casas.  










new center at oxford university honoring las casas.
		
las casas centre for human rights at blackfriars hall, 
		oxford university; director francis davis. the institute aims to examine 
		difficult questions in the spirit of dialogue, mutual respect, and 
		friendship that is central to the dominican intellectual tradition, 
		enquiry, and disputation. in 2010, the las casas institute will be 
		offering the first service learning scholarships in the university.  

new book:
recent itallian publication on las casas: controversia 
		tra las casas e sepúlveda, mas saverio 
		di liso.
savesaverio di liso is professor of the history of 
		philosophy at the school of theology, pugliese, bari, italy. 


approaches 
		to teaching the writings of bartolomé de las casas
editors: santa arias, eyda m. merediz 

"this volume brings las casas's bold debates into 
		twenty-first-century classrooms. it meets an urgent and long overdue 
		need with contributions of high quality and extraordinary usefulness 
		across a wide spectrum of multidisciplinary and multilingual 
		perspectives in the humanities." 
- maureen ahern, ohio state university







the tradition of human rights
      in latin america and its 
      relation to bartolomé de las casas
		 

      two harvard university law-related professors have delineated the key role 
      of las casas:paolo carozzo, "from conquest to 
      constitutions: the latin american tradition of idea of human rights," 
      human rights quarterly 25, 2 (may 2003)
"the modern idea of human rights had a period of gestation 
      lasting millennia.  but it would be fair to say--even if it is not 
      commonly recognized--that its birth was in the encounter between sixteenth 
      century spanish neo-scholasticism and the new world.  if that 
      encounter were embodied in a single person, it would be bartolomé de las 
      casas." (p.289)
      for whole article, click here








 

controversias sobre 

bartolomé de las casas
una leyenda hábilmente 
      urdida pos los detractores de las casas fue que él fue el introductor de 
      la esclavitud en américa.  isacio pérez fernández intentó desmantelar 
      la leyenda de un las casas esclavista en su libro, bartolomé de las 
      casas: ¿contra los negros? (1991).  por contraste, el autor 
      mostró que las casas fue el primero que denunció las esclavización de los 
      afro-americanos, una vez que conoció la realidad de la trata y de unos 
      pueblos con un mundo y una cultura propia. 
      


 




ponencia sobre el obispo nicaraguanüense 

antonio de valdivieso, o.p.,

      contemporaneo de las casas

      por clemente guido martinéz

haga click aquí

el interés 
      de las casas por los indigenas y la evangelización en el brasil
actitud creciente de las casas en la cutlura y la 
      iglesia brasileñas hoy
carlos josaphat oliveira de pinto, o.p.
ponencia recién presentada
haga click aquí



 
the remarkable story of las casas is 
      one of the centerpieces of the latest book of "one of the most 
      wide-ranging historians of modern times." (n.y. times, 25, 25/vii/04).  



recent work
 
 
 
 
hugh thomas
rivers of 
      gold: 
the rise of 
      the spanish empire



 

“the 
		unheard voice of law from an often heard text: a new rendition of 
		bartolomé de las casas’ brevísima relación de la destruición de las 
		indias.” by fr. david orique, university of oregon.  friday, 
		19 september 2008 at 3:30 pm in the albertson room (doré theater)
		
		http://www.csub.edu/history/news.htx


		"what seemed to be or not to be a 1528 letter of 
		bartolomé de las casas to charles v,"

		at the john w. kluge center at the library of congress presents a 
		lecture on october 18, 2007: by fr. david orique, o.p., kislak fellow, 
		at 12:00 in lj-119. thomas jefferson building
		
		http://www.loc.gov/loc/kluge/news/news-orique.html


		higher education: the catholic university of america department of 
		modern languages & literatures presents “the unheard 
		voice of law from the often heard text: a new rendition of bartolomé de 
		las casas’ brevísima relación de la destruición de las indias.” 
		by fr. david orique, o.p., university of oregon, wednesday, september 
		26, 2007, 3:10 pm 202 mcmahon hall
		
		http://modernlanguages.cua.edu/news/event07.pdf






bartolomé 
		de las casas and the conquest of the americas, a contribution to 
		the series points of view/puntos de vista, released jan., 2011. 
		the book uses the life of las casas as the vehicle for exploring and 
		explaining the age of the encounter.
 
 
 
 


 
the appearance of the icon of las 
      casas  here
      is by permission of st. gregory 
      of nyssa church, potrero hill, san francisco,  where
      the icon is part of a
      series mark
      dukes created.
webmaster: lawrence a. 
		clayton 
comments to: 
		lclayton@simplecom.net  
      this page last updated on
		thursday, june 20, 2013.





