





aoc : brand new ge appliances – 20 to 40% off retail – brand new ge appliances – 20 to 40% off retail







































7697 washington ave. so. edina, mn 55439
email (952) 975-6090
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to footerappliance outlet centerbrand new ge appliances - 20 to 40% off retailhome
products
delivery
service department
contact








serving the twin cities metro since 1984






welcome to the appliance outlet center





we are a ge super depot! we carry numerous ge appliances to choose from at all times, all with manufacturer’s warranty. these items are discounted due to minor scratches, dents, manufacturer closeout models, and over-stocking
appliance outlet center has been providing the twin cities metro area with professional sales, service, and parts over four decades. with friendly staff, unbeatable pricing, and convenient delivery service, appliance outlet center is a must stop for your appliance needs!






• refrigerators freezers • cooktops • ranges • wall ovens • microwaves
• dishwashers • washers dryers •





our guarantee: if you find a lower advertised price on the same model within 30 days of purchase, we’ll refund you 150% of the difference!





appliance outlet center is proud to be the “original” ge super depot for the upper midwest region since 1984




this store is an authorized ge “as-is” appliance dealer. as-is ge appliances are purchased direct from the general electric company. new ge “as-is” appliances include scratch & dent, factory blemishes and out-of-box products. as-is ge appliances are accompanied by ge’s limited functional warranty instead of ge’s standard limited warranty.






special coupon offer




save an additional 10% off!


get coupon 



have questions? please fill out the form below and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.



 










 first name
 

 last name
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 










footerlocation
7697 washington ave. so.
edina, mn 55439

	 

store hours:
monday - saturday
9:00am - 5:00pm

copyright © 2025 · appliance outlet center · all rights reserved 




send us a text





							thank you, we've received your text message!  you'll get a text message back from the following number:  (612) 310-9528
						



add your details and a short message, we’ll respond with a text.

name



mobile number



message




solve puzzle
+ = 
                            


we know it, but we need you to confirm you are not a robot. thanks.
please enter correct answer. thanks





send


by hitting "send" you authorize appliance outlet center to send text messages and marketing content to the mobile number provided. consent is not a condition of purchase. message & data rates apply. text stop to opt out at any time.





appliance outlet center





                text us!
            


                close
            




































