



the holy observer  » christian humor, satire, parody, news


















































home
about the holy observer
archives








the holy observer is coming back from the dead!
dear readers, after 7 years, god's #1 source for christian satire news  is being resurrected! like us on facebook and follow us on twitter and instagram to get every update! 
if you’ve been wondering what’s causing that emptiness you’re feeling inside, it’s that tho hasn’t been in your life. well, maybe it’s because you need to get closer to god, but an easier first step is following us. so go now and do it! abundant joy awaits!






lead story
previous lead stories
latest posts






      church leaders urge christians to reduce their prayer footprints      
experts warn of a looming shortage of "supernatural resources"
vatican city — an unprecedented summit of christian leaders convened here earlier this month to take part in a summit to address what many fear could be the greatest spiritual crisis of our time — a shortage of prayer.




previous lead stories
study: small group hazing at all-time high
exclusive report: trinity broadcasting network run by atheists
hacker attacks biblegateway.com, switches kjv and amplified bibles
shutdown season: willow creek community church will close its doors for the summer
analysts predict biggest christmas church shopping season ever
techno-tithe: church implants microchips in members’ right hands
view all




latest posts
congregation collects marlboro miles, decorates church
top 10 things overheard at sunday’s church potluck
youth group wants shy member back in shell
worship leader sues church for thigh slapping injury
outreach to midgets comes up short
church sign: no love for obama
church leaders urge christians to reduce their prayer footprints
sponsor: joel osteen’s blessed whitestrips
study: small group hazing at all-time high
church sign: have it your way!
exclusive report: trinity broadcasting network run by atheists
hacker attacks biblegateway.com, switches kjv and amplified bibles
top 10 summer youth group activities
shutdown season: willow creek community church will close its doors for the summer
bible smugglers release 31,103 scripture duckies on euphrates river





mar 8th, 2009 | 3 comments »

        youth

				youth group wants shy member back in shell
obnoxious behavior and bad jokes make leaders and youth long for quieter days
santa fe, new mexico — for years leaders and youth group members at new mexico church of christ took great pains to get the group’s shyest member, corey tait, to take part in more activities and show more of his personality. but these days, those well-intentioned folks are feeling like victims of their own success. […]



mar 8th, 2009 | 2 comments »

        worship

				worship leader sues church for thigh slapping injury
oak park, il — worship leader eunice matthews has brought suit against oak park community church, claiming that they are responsible for a thigh injury that she suffered while leading sunday morning worship. the lawsuit, filed in us district court last week, claims that matthews gave herself a severe deep thigh bruise while slapping her […]









mar 8th, 2009 | 5 comments »

        church

				outreach to midgets comes up short
pastor john huber still has a burden for little people. this, in spite of the fact that his evangelistic efforts among orange county’s diminutive sinners have produced no converts. “we’ve just got to raise the bar,” the unflappable baptist minister said. a weekend crusade for little people held last week at his santa ana church […]



dec 17th, 2007 | 1 comment »

        missions

				bible smugglers release 31,103 scripture duckies on euphrates river
basra, iraq —  call it fowl play. open doors, the legendary missions network led by brother andrew, recently smuggled one bible into the middle east. the big deal? not in traditional format—print, cassette tape or mp3—andrew’s crew floated all 31,103 verses of the bible down the euphrates river, via rubber duckies.



dec 17th, 2007 | 1 comment »

        church

				visitor wants less information about church
st. louis, mo – derek freeman found himself experiencing information overload on a recent first time visit to nearby chesterfield community church. “i was sitting in the all purpose sanctuary, enjoying my chai tea latte, when the woman up front invited new visitors to see someone on the welcome team if they wanted more information […]



dec 17th, 2007 | 11 comments »

        heaven

				god to professional athletes: stop pointing at me
new declaration from the almighty makes gesturing to him on field a sin
heaven – in a press release issued earlier this month, god declared that professional athletes in any sport who point or gesture in any way in his direction while on the field of play will be subject to the normal penalties for committing a sin. the policy seems to have been in the works for […]



older articles


dec 17th, 2007

				heavenly greetings to become more blunt, accurate


dec 15th, 2007

				asian american pastor speaks only english
chicago native of korean descent also knows no martial arts				
		

dec 15th, 2007

				writers’ strike hits tbn hard
healing services, fundraising scripts most affected				
		

jun 15th, 2004

				schedule change for local waitress means goodbye church crowd, hello tips


apr 12th, 2004

				darwinists strike again with t-rex eating ichthus fish eating darwin fish emblem


sep 12th, 2003

				man happier about switch to mac than conversion to christianity


jul 12th, 2003

				millions more damned for harry potter-related sins







mar 9th, 2009

        church

				congregation collects marlboro miles, decorates church
wabash, in. – bake sales. car washes. bingo. churches for decades have relied on tried and true methods of fundraising when tithes and offerings left vision-thick congregations in a lurch. but wabash christian center has taken a unique approach to supplying ministerial needs. eschewing fundraising altogether, the 20-year-old fellowship collects marlboro miles to outfit its church.







mar 7th, 2009 | 5 comments »







mar 6th, 2009 | 7 comments »


mar 8th, 2009

        top 10

				top 10 things overheard at sunday’s church potluck
10. “if i’d wanted microwaved burritos, i’d have gone to church at the 7-11.”
9. “girl, if i could rearrange the alphabet, i’d put u and i together.”
8. “mmm, you can almost smell the e. coli.”
7. “hmmm, i wonder how all that angel food cake fits into pastor rob’s south beach diet.”
6. “i’d like to slap the hands that prepared this meal.”
– click the title to read the rest!










browse categories

church

church signs

entertainment

heaven

missions

society

sponsors

sports

surveys

technology

the media

top 10

uncategorized

worship

youth




ads & sponsors






browse archives
march 2009
december 2008
november 2008
july 2008
june 2008
may 2008
december 2007
november 2007
december 2004
june 2004
april 2004
september 2003
july 2003


stay informed

entries (rss)
comments rss)












 © 2025 
    the holy observer    | disclaimer (read this if you're freaking out right now) | the truth | privacy

log in | 
    	78 queries. 0.845 seconds.
  



