



	watertribe home




























                                    features:
                                











                                    overall:
                                












login









watertribetm events web site.

what is a watertribe challenge? watch this video: 
    the challenge 
    for a shorter version:
8 days of watertribe
how to setup your most important safety requirement - your lifejacket - text and video:
blog post by sos
how to pack your kayak for watertribe seaworthiness (principals also apply to small boats):
video by calypso



everglades challenge 2025 launches in: 13 days, 18 hours, 52 min. 
     
     
     
    



ultra marathon 2025 launches in: 13 days, 18 hours, 52 min. 
     
     
     
    













coping with everyday stress
                    lessons from the watertribe


                learn proven health-promoting strategies from those who seek out adversity. the
                men and women who are members of watertribe remain healthy despite severe sleep
                deprivation, the risk of hypothermia, and a variety of environmental hazards.
            

three disk set: dvd, audio cd, and pelican's poop.










                "without a paddle: racing twelve hundred miles around florida by sea kayak" by warren
                richey
            

                the story of sharkchow's 2006 participation in the ultimate florida challenge. coming
                to a bookstore near you. june 8, 2010.
            

                publisher: st. martin's press
                isbn: 978-0-312-63076-8
                320 pages, $24.99
                due in bookstores and on
                amazon.com
                june 8, 2010.
            











            $25.95 with free shipping!
                
                    jenning has a second version of the epic ultimate florida challenge. this is a two
                    dvd set. the first dvd is the same as the first release. but the second dvd contains
                    two very interesting interviews.
                

                    first, sharkchow has a long interview giving many details and insights into his
                    impressive win of the first watertribe ultimate florida challenge in 2006. his hint
                    about using the tides on the st. marys river is worth the price all by itself if
                    you are thinking of doing the ufc yourself. note: this is really a voice recording
                    - no video.
                

                    next there is a shorter video interview of thereandbackagain (aka taba). taba isn't
                    a complainer so he had never mentioned many of the real issues he faces in these
                    challenges. this interview opened my eyes and prompted some minimal changes to make
                    things just a bit more fair.
                

                    special note: the proceeds all go direct to jenning. making this dvd took untold
                    amounts of money and time. this would make a nice preview for the uf2010 event.
                





                        "the purpose of watertribe is to encourage the development of boats, equipment,
                        skills, and human athletic performance for safe and efficient coastal cruising using
                        minimal impact human and wind powered watercraft based on kayaks, canoes, and small
                        sailboats."
                    

                        ~ chief, february 2000
                    


                        "a life changing experience."
                    


                        how far could you go in a small boat? maybe further than you think.
                    





upcoming events

florida bootcamp 2025

meeting at fort desoto and camp at shell key

this bootcamp is aimed at newbies (but all watertribers are welcome) to provide some initial words of wisdom and a fun time in the tampa bay area. 

starts 1/10/2025







nc blackbeard challenge 2025

300-mile circuit of pamlico sound

this will be an interesting course and how you do it will depend on your boat and the weather. start at cedar island and head north to the alligator river marina using either pamlico sound or the alligator pungo canal. this choice will probably depend on your boat and the weather. head back down using the inside or outside route to the hobucken marina. from there head to the beaufort city docks and then to the finish at cedar island. it will be a tough course no matter what choices you make.

starts 6/7/2025







nc ultra marathon challenge 2025

96-mile circuit of cedar island and beaufort

start at cedar island and circumnavigate beaufort and core sound in a counter clockwise direction.

starts 6/10/2025







mn kruger challenge 2025

verlen kruger 270-mile voyageurs route to lake superior

from international falls to grand portage along the minnesota/canada border.

starts 9/6/2025







mn moose lake challenge 2025

125-mile moose lake to lake superior

from moose lake in the bwca to grand portage along the minnesota/canada border.

starts 9/6/2025







mn voyageurs challenge 2025

225-mile voyageurs route to lake superior

from crane lake in voyageurs national park to grand portage along the minnesota/canada border.

starts 9/6/2025
















sponsors




             tackle shack water sports




             balogh sail designs




             west system




             jsi marine superstore




                     
                    




media sponsors




small craft advisor




the trails around the world podcast








team sponsors




             tackle shack water sports




             west system




             jsi marine super store




             small craft advisor




             riverside kayak connection




             duckworks magazine




             polysail international




             go2outfitters









friends of the tribe




b & b yacht designs




tackle shack




osprey bay outdoors




bill jackson's




shaw & tenney




florida paddling trails












                         
                    








                © copyright 2000-2025  watertribe, inc.
                

chief@watertribe.com


watertribe.com


watertribetm pending









