








welcome to rick heinz hockey & goalie schools | rick heinz - goalie player hockey schools - pointstreak sites













hockey camp


goalie camp


register online
















 




skip to main content.
menu
homegoalie instructor biosplayer instructor biosproducts/servicesmerchandisetestimonialshall of fameformstraining facilityrick heinz in the mediafacility programsfacility virtual tourfacility goalie camp 2025beginner camp 2025seaon programs 2024-25march break camp 2025private trainingprivate ice rentalskmha rep goalie programkmha house league goalie waterloo bb development waterloo hl developmentscouting video servicebirthday parties facility policiesontario campsontario 2025grey bruce/ayton 2025owen sound 2025training facility campsfacility summer campsfacilty programsprivate trainingprivate rentalsbirthday partiesgoalie training videocontactjobsinstructorscoordinatorshelpersfaqblog









homegoalie instructor biosplayer instructor biosproducts/servicestestimonialshall of fameformstraining facilityrick heinz in the media 






 
like us on facebook


more content








join our facebook group and follow us there to recieve valuable fb only discounts/coupons as well as to stay up to date on all that is happening with us.  there will also be random draws for gift certificates and other incentives for those who do follow us.  we look forward to connecting with you on fb
also visit our google+ page.



more content








welcome to rick heinz hockey & goalie schools







					pre-tryout and summer programs: registration now open				





it's wild to think that we are nearing the end of another hockey season.  playoff's are on the verge of starting and that means spring tryouts and the summer training season is just around the corner.  with this in mind, our spring and summer programs are now open for registration.  there is a march break camp, custom, private training packages to get your goalie ready for tryouts, and our week long summer training camps, both at the cambridge facility as well as our satellite locations.
as a special offer, until feb 15, you will be able to save 15% of either the march break camp or a pre-tryout 5 pack of private lessons with the purchase of a regular priced week long summer camp.  for more details or to take advantage of this offer please contact the office and check out the links below for dates and details of the program(s) of your choice.
march break camp
private training
facility summer camps
facility beginner camps
satellite location camps



more content









					never been to the training facility? go on a virtual tour below!				


looking into training at our cambridge facility this summer?  take a virtual tour here to see what it looks like.  to rent the facility, book lessons or camps or any other training please contact the office. 



more content











more content









					please note our address				




hello everyone, to avoid any confusion with the new facility, the address is below, or mailing address is also listed.  phone number for all locations and facility is the same and is still 1-877-434-6977
training facility address
rick heinz training facility
465 pinebush rd, unit 6
cambridge, on
google map to facility click here
head office
rick heinz goalie & hockey school
325 shoreline ave
south bruce peninsula on
n0h 2t0





more content











					looking for a custom program for your goalie this off-season?				


looking for custom training programs this spring and summer?  we have a program for you.  these are custom for your goalie's wants and needs and we can customize things to meet your budget.  contact info@rickheinz.com for more details.
 



more content









					rink board advertising opportunites for your business				





are you looking to get your business seen by thousands of hockey enthusiasts annually?  we have great rink board and glass advertising options available that are highly visible both in person and online.  for more details and to secure one of the few remaining, highly visible boards, please contact the office at 1-877-434-6977 or info@rickheinz.com.  monthly and yearly pricing is available. 
 



more content









					we are pleased to announce our new hotel partner.  homewood suites by hilton				


for any students and their families looking to travel to the cambridge on area for any of our training facility programs this summer and going forward, we now have a great hotel partner in the homewood suites by hilton.  it is about 2km (1 mile ish) from the training facility and offers great suites for entire families and comes with breakfast and a light dinner daily.  check out the details in the flyer below and make sure to reference the rick heinz rate when booking!



more content









 


more content









					we are hiring				


if you are looking to work in the hockey training industry and have played at the midget aaa level or beyond, and ideally have teaching experience we may be looking for you.  we are currently looking for qualified goalie instructors in the milton on area, and player and goalie instructors in waterloo region.  please email your resume to tim@rickheinz.com if you are interested and qualified!



more content











		© 2025 rick heinz - goalie player hockey schools	






login  


minutemedia















please wait...




