  growing spaces greenhouse kits - the best geodesic dome greenhouses                  home why domes? shop domes compare greenhouses virtual tours testimonials contact blog   800-753-9333                 search  award-winning geodesic dome greenhouse kits for controllable, sustainable year round gardeningenjoy your dream garden – all year long – no matter where you live! contact us newsletter sign up    feel empowered & independent with a growing dome®     control your family's food source all year     get reliable protection from unpredictable threats  how are growing spaces® growing dome® greenhouses different?  most gardeners feel frustrated by their short growing season. at growing spaces, we believe everyone should have a greenhouse garden where they can sustainably grow clean, healthy food all year round - no matter where they live. we are avid gardeners ourselves and living at 7500 ft in an arid climate with only a 90 day growing season is very challenging! that's why we've created a controlled, sustainable dome greenhouse environment so anyone can easily enjoy their dream garden all year round. our award-winning geodome greenhouse kits, used by thousands across the globe, provide a reliable ecosystem plants love - and a green oasis for you and your family - 24/7 - 365.   a new, flourishing world awaits inside a geodesic greenhouse dome from growing spaces.  join our community of happy growing dome greenhouse gardeners and start thriving today!  why our domes are better view success stories from year-round growing dome gardeners are you frustrated by a growing season that’s too short?dreading another winter buying expensive store-bought produce?tired of fighting harsh weather, predators and pests?feeling defeated about depending on ‘big food’ to feed your family?sick of wasting time and money on unreliable hoop or rectangular greenhouse kits?starting to feel like your green thumb is turning black?ready to give up gardening because it’s just not worth it for so little return?take control of your garden. for good. tell usabout your dream gardenour friendly
 growing dome advisers are waiting to hear from you! experiencea growing dome for yourselftake our virtual tour (or see one in
 person!) enjoyyear-round gardening at homechoose your geodesic dome greenhouse kit and
 start planning your
 dream gardensign up for our monthly newsletter "the happy grower"  subscribe see glowing testimonials from our diverse community of growing dome gardeners.                  growing spaces® grow dome® greenhouses give you:controllable environment the best greenhouse kits to protect from wind, hail, desert heat, cold winters, and wildlife threats. 24/7 community support facebook groups - online resource library youtube channel - step by step planning guidereliability award-winning, proven geodesic dome greenhouse technology backed by             30 years of innovation … and continual improvementsconfidence proven by thousands of gardeners in 14 countries & every us state. greater than 25 year expected geodome greenhouse lifespanempowerment confidence resulting from             independence from             “big food” sourcessustainability solar-powered - our geodesic greenhouse domes require little or no heating - great for off-grid homeschoose the growing dome greenhouse that’s right for you choose a question to explore how many people would you like to feed with fresh produce? what's your budget for a greenhouse kit? how much square footage do you need for your greenhouse? 2-3 3-4 4-5 5-6 8-10 community $8k $10k $14k $18k $24k $40k 150 250 350 550 850 1,300 15-foot diameter small dome greenhouse kit    $9,990$57 / sq ft.175 sq ft.9' 5" tall build
 yoursour smallest and most affordable growing dome geodesic greenhouse kit is ideal for a couple who want to grow fresh vegetables or as a hobby backyard greenhouse for container and dwarf varieties of plants, micro-greens and for starting seedlings early for outdoor gardens. 18-foot diameter dome greenhouse kit    $13,550$53 / sq ft.255 sq ft.10' 8" tall build
 yoursgrowing dome geodesic greenhouse kits are a wonderful way for small families to enjoy a healthy, sustainable lifestyle. if you have a limited footprint for your greenhouse, these small greenhouse kits are an ideal size for producing organic fruits and vegetables for your family of 3-4.  22-foot diameter dome greenhouse kit    $18,550$49 / sq ft.380 sq ft.10' 10" tall build
 yoursour 22-foot growing dome geodesic greenhouse kits are ideal for medium to large families wanting to control their own food source.  greenhouse kits from growing spaces provide the optimal environment for growing fresh, organic vegetables, herbs, fruits and flowers using solar energy.  the additional height of the 22-foot greenhouse allows you to grow grapes, figs and dwarf citrus trees up high with lots of room for everything else below canopy.  26-foot diameter dome greenhouse kit    $23,750$45 / sq ft.530 sq ft.12' 7" tall build
 yoursthe 26-foot growing dome geodesic greenhouse kit is the sweet spot for families and growers.  it provides a solar-powered environment to grow organic fruits, vegetables, herbs, beautiful plants, and flowers. these spacious garden greenhouses grow enough to feed a household of 5-7 people. many smaller families choose this size so they can have leisure space to relax and enjoy the subtropical climate or so they can have surplus food to store, sell or give to neighbors.  also a suitable size for schools where they can use the extra space as a small classroom. 33-foot diameter dome greenhouse kit    $31,950$37 / sq ft.855 sq ft.15' 5" tall build
 yourscommunities and schools benefit from growing dome geodesic greenhouse kits by being able to offer a serene environment for people to learn about healthy and sustainable lifestyles. growing spaces’ large geodesic greenhouses are ideal for schools and use solar energy to grow organic vegetables, fruits, and herbs, along with fruit trees and ornamental flowers to create a lush forest garden. our 33-foot diameter dome greenhouse kits function well in both modest and harsh climates.  our 33-foot geodesic dome greenhouse kit is a favorite size for school greenhouses and community gardens. 42-foot diameter large dome greenhouse kit    $48,950$35 / sq ft.1,385 sq ft.16' 6" tall build
 yoursthe 42-foot diameter geodesic growing dome is our largest greenhouse and is ideal for growing a forest of plants, fruits and vegetables.  large growing dome greenhouse kits make ideal structures for horticulturalists, market gardeners and communities to extend the growing season of popular fruits and vegetables, to protect crops from harsh climates, and to get a big head-start with seedling propagation. this geodesic greenhouse features two doors with windows for easier access and includes 2 115v electric cooling fans (solar upgrade optional) and 2 solar attic fans for optimal cross ventilation.  the 42-foot large greenhouse kit offers maximum space to produce fresh, organic vegetables, herbs, fruits, and flowers year-round. shop all growing dome greenhouse kits  we’ll ‘root’ for your success. we promise to:help you identify your unique requirements to ensure you are set up for success and don’t sign up for more than you need.refund 100% of your deposit back to you if your project stalls during the greenhouse permitting process.provide a 5-year structural warranty and extend the manufacturer's warranty on all parts including a 10-year pro-rated warranty on the polycarbonate panels.install your grow dome® geodesic greenhouse at your site, or provide assistance via phone, web and email for self-install.provide 24/7 customer service and a support community via facebook, our growing dome® owners club and our online resource library start planning your year-round dream garden today! get startedconnect with us growing spaces 800-753-9333 info@growingspaces.com  mailing address: p.o. box 5518 pagosa springs, co 81147  physical address: 1868 b majestic dr. pagosa springs, co 81147 about contact us greenhouse kits news and events monthly newsletter signup visit pagosa springs, colorado terms & conditions privacy policy employment sitemap      search   copyright © 2025 growing spaces.quick linksfaqgeodesic greenhouse dome featuresshop growing dome greenhouse kitsdome greenhouse guidegreenhouse dome accessoriessolar greenhouse designcompare greenhousescustomer testimonialsvirtual toursphoto galleryvideo galleryschool & community garden grants24/7 supportinstallation, parts & maintenancestep by step guide to buying a growing domegreenhouse gardening best practicesgrowing dome enthusiasts facebook groupgrowing dome tips youtube channelgreenhouse building permitswinter greenhouse gardeningwater tank and aquatic plantsgeothermal greenhouse designfeatured storiesherbs for the heart: plants for love, lust, and longevitygrowing tropical paradise in idaho: bill george&#8217;s innovative dome greenhousethe art of growing lavenderhow to start an agribusiness with a greenhouse2025 calendar of eventswinter&#8217;s bounty: a growing dome gardener&#8217;s guide to growing brassicasmanaging winter humidity in a greenhousegrowing domes thrive as therapy greenhousespreserving the harvest: home canning, it’s simple, you can do it!what is the best automated greenhouse irrigation system?a year round growing dome greenhouse, how does it work? see all blog posts     