




picture depot






































  


 

register
log in

userid: 

password: 



remember me
forgot password?
 
                    

 








please register or login 





home
framed art



abstract & contemporary
canadiana
children
elements


floral
folk & inspirational
global
kitchen & bath
marvels


nautical & marine
palm & tree
photography
religion
scenery & landscape


sports
still life & decorative
vintage
western
wildlife & animals




oil painting
tempered glass
mirror
clock

bestsellers

clocks
framed art
hand embalished
imported mirrors
mirrors
oil paintings
tempered glass


































events
about us
our mission
we're green
faq
privacy policy
contact us













contact us                                                                                                                           
20 toro rd, toronto, on, canada, m3j 2a7 (map)
tel: (416) 398-2333
fax: (416) 398-2229
hours:
monday  -  friday  8:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.
saturday   by appointment only
sunday      closed    






about us 
picture depot is one of canada’s largest wall décor manufacturing and distribution companies. it is a vertically integrated company with 210,000 sq. ft. facility in ontario with over 100 employees.  we are proud to support many of most prestigious home-furnishing retailers in canada and the us. we feature a diverse product line with over 2000 skus, which includes framed art, framed mirrors, limited edition prints, mirrors, oil paintings, canvas transfers and other framed objects.  after 20 years in business, we have built an expert team that truly understands the subtleties, complexities and challenges of selling wall décor at retail.  our vast selection of expertly designed wall décor gives customers just the right look, image and the price point.  providing a tremendous selection of wall décor is one of many examples of how picture depot stays close to customers.  superior product, great customer service and open, honest communication at all levels are the cornerstones of picture depot.






our mission 
our guiding mission is to deliver superior quality wall decor products and services to our customers through leadership, innovation and value. our vision is to be the quality leader in the industry.






we're green 
 
polyframe is a wholly owned subsidiary of picture depot and a leading canadian company in eps waste foam reduction, recycling and reuse. we specialize in collecting, recycling and reusing eps waste foam to be successfully utilized into the production of polystyrene moulding and framing products, i.e., photo frames, picture frames, mirror frames, etc.
the end product is fabricated to the highest standards of design and quality to equal and surpass equivalent wood mouldings in the market.  this environmentally friendly alternative is rapidly becoming the standard of excellence in the home décor industry world-wide.
polyframe is committed to promoting environmental protection. this vision for a better, cleaner future applied by transforming "white pollution" into wall decor products has been awarded by many national government and environmental associations in canada.







frequently asked questions 
jump to: general faq / mirror faq / art faq / accessory & clock faq
 general faq 
 do you sell direct to consumers?  we only sell picture depot products through reputable home furnishings retailers. as a consumer, you are encouraged to find a dealer in your area or send us your inquiry so that we may direct you to a local dealer.
 what are the requirements to become an picture depot customer?  picture depot offers its products “wholesale to the trade only” to retailers of home accessories or interior design professionals.
 is there a minimum order requirement?  yes, minimum order is $2000.00 for initial order. minimum order required for each shipping location. please specify quantity, item number and price to insure accurate shipment.
 how long will my order take?  normal shipping time 3 - 4 weeks from receipt of the order. all items are manufactured after payment terms are approved. every effort is made to ship orders complete. items out of stock must be reordered on a future order meeting the minimum order amount.
 what are picture depot payment terms?  we do not ship to account with a past due balance. for new accounts, first order is by credit card or advance payment. subsequent orders can be on net 30 days subject to approval of credit application containing three trade references.
 what are my shipping/delivery options?  shipments are sent by common carrier – fob toronto, ontario, canada. freight is prepaid and added to the invoice. residential delivery or other charges for special carrier service may be additional. in the absence of routing instructions, we use carrier deemed best by our shipping department.
 what is picture depot return policy?  all claims should be made within 2-3 business days after receipt of goods. should you receive a defective product, please call our customer care department for instructions. prior approval must be received from us before any returned merchandise will be accepted.
 do the dimensions listed include framing?  yes, all items are rounded to the nearest inch. decorative mirrors, and accessories are founded to the nearest inch of the tallest and widest part of the frame.
 can i choose a different frame or mat for an item?  products are available only as shown. we reserve the right to substitute to slightly modify designs without notice. custom styling is available for quantities, please contact your local rep or our customer care for a quote for such items.
 do items include upc codes?  yes, all items in picture depot line comply with universal product code (upc) numbering standards. each unit comes with a product/upc code on the back.
 are all of your items shown on this website?  yes, all products are available through our online catalog. please check our new introduction section frequently as we are constantly adding new items.
back to top
  mirror faq 
 how do i choose between art and a mirror for my foyer?  it depends on what you want to accomplish. art adds color, warmth, and personality to your home. mirrors enlarge and expand a room, are handy to have for that last glance before a night on the town, and can make a powerful fashion statement.
 i want to place a large mirror in our foyer, but how can i hang it securely?  this is not a problem if you have the right hanging hardware and a hammer. the best hanging hardware for most walls is the j-hook. it is designed to keep the nail that goes into the wall at a sharp angle, so that even in drywall, it will stay in place. it is important that the j-hook be properly weighted for the item you want to hang.
 no matter how hard i try, i can’t hang my mirrors and pictures level on the first try. any secrets?  the most common way to hang is to hold the mirror or picture against the wall where you want it to be, have someone else step back and level the item from sight, and then mark the wall with a pencil where the hangers should be. a level can be used to make sure the item is perfectly straight before the wall is marked.
 what is the best way to clean my mirrors?  mirrors or glass can be cleaned with any glass cleaner on the market and a clean cloth or paper towel. for cleaning or dusting a frame, only use a clean dry cloth. we do not recommend any cleaning solution be used on the frame.
 framed mirrors really vary in price. why is this?  there are many obvious reasons, but one less obvious reason is the frame finish. frames can be finished very inexpensively with sprays, paper-wraps, and foil-wraps, but the more attractive finishes have numerous steps including hand-laid metal leaf and hand-antiquing. this gives a richer, deeper metallic finish like the old world finishes of the past.
 does the bevel on a mirror add much to the cost?  not as much as you may think. straight bevels are cut and polished using current technology at a modest cost. most shaped beveled mirrors require much more labor because they are cut and polished one at a time by hand. the wider the bevel, the more costly it is to produce.
back to top
  art faq 
 how do i choose between art and a mirror for my foyer?  it depends on what you want to accomplish. art adds color, warmth, and personality to your home. mirrors enlarge and expand a room, are handy to have for that last glance before a night on the town, and can make a powerful fashion statement.
 i want to place a large piece of framed art in our foyer, but how can i hang it securely?  this is not a problem if you have the right hanging hardware and a hammer. the best hanging hardware for most walls is the j-hook. it is designed to keep the nail that goes into the wall at a sharp angle, so that even in drywall, it will stay in place. it is important that the j-hook be properly weighted for the item you want to hang.
 no matter how hard i try, i can’t hang my mirrors and pictures level on the first try. any secrets?  the most common way to hang is to hold the mirror or picture against the wall where you want it to be, have someone else step back and level the item from sight, and then mark the wall with a pencil where the hangers should be. a level can be used to make sure the item is perfectly straight before the wall is marked. in most cases, your art piece will come prewired to make hanging easier.
 what is the best way to clean my framed art?  for cleaning or dusting, only use a clean dry cloth. we do not recommend any cleaning solution be used on the frame or artwork.
 framed art really varies in price. why is this?  there are many obvious reasons, but one less obvious reason is the frame finish. frames can be finished very inexpensively with sprays, paper-wraps, and foil-wraps, but the more attractive finishes have numerous steps including hand-laid metal leaf and hand-antiquing. this gives a richer, deeper metallic finish like the old world finishes of the past.
 i have purchased an picture depot original oil painting, and it is not exactly like the photo in the catalog that i ordered from?  picture depot oil paintings are painted one at a time by skilled artists and no two paintings are exactly alike.
back to top
  accessory & clock faq 
 do your clocks need batteries?  yes, almost all clocks use one aa battery, which is not included with the clock. the battery can easily be replaced when needed. all clocks are guaranteed quartz movements.
back to top






privacy policy 
information collected through this website such as name, email, address, phone will only be used to identify you and provide a more efficient service. we respect your privacy and will never share your information with a third party.






upcoming events
las vegas market
when:  tba
hours: sunday       8am to 6pm
           thursday    8am to 4pm
where: 495 s grand central prwy, world market center, las vegas, nv, 89106
booth: 
cgta show
when:   tba
where: toronto congress center, 650 dixon rd, toronto, ontario, m9w 1j1
booth: hall congress center 
china import and export fair
when:  tba
where: #380, yuejiang zhong road, guangzhou china, pazhou complex
booth: booth f 25-27 g 20-22, 10-3 building






            © 2025 picture depot. all rights reserved.
            



top ↑








