










	crc exam prep: study guide, practice test, tips & resources


















 log in
subscribe






crc exam prep
since 1996






home
our team
exam services
free exam
testimonials
faq
contact



















freepracticeexam
subscribe





we can help you pass your exam!






                        improve your scorewith unlimited full length practice exams!
                    



                    whether you sign up for a day or a month, your membership includes unlimited access to practice exams. click here to try one for free. 
                




                        study and playwith audio and video content!
                    



                    review content you've forgotten with our audio and video instruction, and brush up on definitions with our flashcards. click here to see what you get.
                




                        pass the first timewith hundreds of case studies!
                    



                    read hundreds of case studies describing typical situations to sharpen your analytical and diagnostic skills. click here to learn more.
                







let's get started!




free exam




subscription info








prev




'i took the crc exam and i passed. the website was very helpful, thank you very much and i will be forever grateful. i am so glad i came across your website and i will recommend this to anyone preparing for the exam. thank you again!'





earline, oh










'just wanted to let you all know that i passed both the crc and nce by way of using your wonderful websites. just wanted to say thank you. i passed the crc last october and the nce this past monday (both on my first attempt).'





judso, mt










'dr hutchinson, i passed the crc exam. i owe it mainly due to the crc exam site. the test did indeed ask many meat and potato questions that were similar to the practice questions. none of the domain scores were below 65 per cent. please feel free to use this e-mail for the website.'





carolyn m.ed., crc, ka










'hi dr. linton, i am pleased to report that i passed the crc the first time. i would recommend your course to anyone. thank you for everything!'





john, ny 










'i just wanted to share that i took the crc exam on october 14 and passed successfully. i bought the 30 day study guide provided on this website and used it religiously! it was a tremendous help and provided me with the confidence to take the test and pass. thank you. i share this website with anyone, i know, will be taking this test. thank you so much!'





michelle, fl






next
more testimonials


"i would recommend this site to others"



updated: february 2025









leave feedback








director's message



                    dr. linton hutchinson
                    

hi, i'm linton and guess what? i went through the same agony and anxiety that you might be experiencing right now. i personally look forward to taking tests as much as i look forward to a trip to the dentist. we were the first crc exam prep test prep site online, and for 18 years we've been providing a way to study for your exam so you can get on with your life and put this experience behind you as quickly and as painlessly as possible, right from your own home. it's in there.







our zero risk guarantee
we are so confident we offer the best online preparation material that if you don't pass your exam we will put you back on the site for the length of your original subscription for free. all you need to do is send us a screenshot of your results and we'll get you back online right away! and, if you still don't pass, don't worry, you will qualify for a reduced rate on future subscriptions. click here for our refund policy.



the licensure exams difference


the hard way
pay once & get one exam

a single exam starting at $35


the licensure way
pay once & get unlimited exams

subscriptions starting at $44.95






let's get started!




free exam




subscription info



































home
subscribe
exam services
testimonials
my menu
free resources
legal
privacy policy
faq
about us
contact



this is an online tutoring review service for the crc (certified rehabilitation counselor) examination. it is designed for individuals who are trying to become certified or are taking comps at the master's level. this review covers the content areas of the crc exam using multiple choice questions and other interactive content material. this home study course also delivers daily email material to subscribers.
if you need crc test requirements and test dates, contact the commission on rehabilitation counselor certification (crcc®) which provides the national certification for rehabilitation counselors, a component of which is the crc exam. information regarding qualifications for the crc certification may be found on crcc®'s website at www.crccertification.com. only they can give you official and current answers to your important questions. 
licensure exams, inc. and www.crcexam.com are not affiliated or associated with the commission on rehabilitation counselor certification (crcc®), the american rehabilitation counseling association (arca), national council on rehabilitation education (ncre), national rehabilitation counseling association (nrca), or the council on rehabilitation education (core). no private or governmental bodies provide information for this crc exam review program.
all rights reserved.


  site developed by dylan hunt
                
                    © 2025 - licensure exams, inc.    
                    
                










