



pica






































				the state’s premier association for professional investigators
				800-765-7422




member login
contact us




home

about pica

about pica
what is pica?
board of directors
history
code of ethics


districts
member benefits

legislation
conference
resources
sponsors & vendors
directory






join pica now
find a professional
verify a license
members only websitemember directory
webinars
contact pica
pay 2025 dues



upcoming events


advertisers















a proud member of:

















support our sponsors


solutions


 for pre-employment screening providers
our robust databases contain extensive information about nearly every adult in the united states to provide the pointer data needed to give your backend processes the support they need to make your organization successful.
learn more


for tenant screening providers
with our leading data connecting over 900 million u.s. addresses to over 700 million distinct individuals, as well as billions of other public records and proprietary data sources - why would you use any other data provider?
learn more

new utilities data!
find your subject with our new utilities-only search!
you’ve always had contact information available based on utility services such as gas/electric companies, water companies, phone carriers, cable providers, internet providers, wireline/wireless providers, but now you have access to it as a stand-alone search.
in our person searches, you may get many addresses for one person, including multiple properties, which can be extremely helpful. however, by breaking down your search into just utilities, you can find your subject’s most likely location by seeing where most of their services are hooked up, billing addresses compared to property addresses, etc.
learn more
 




pi report writing mobile app



patrick quish is a professional investigator with 15 years of experience managing and executing investigations around the world. patrick is the co-founder and ceo of the bird dog investigator app, a professional report writing tool.
no more late nights re-typing notes and formatting photos, simply log your case into the bird dog investigator app and in one tap a secure, professional field report is generated.
check it out at, https://www.birddoginvestigator.com/

educational conference - before covid
 


pica welcomes new members 

scott shaw



tomas chavez



stanley laird



robert kraft



david mancini



domenic wagner



chris jensen



michael chuck



rick hudson



jorge valenzuela



lloyd mccullough



jason brown



froylan mendiola



jeremy flores



cristobal gutierrez



monica zaragoza



patrick rabin



jeremiah baechler



baruch mozian



andy kay



matt brown



daniel goldsmith



 

 

 

 

  







		professional investigators of california, inc. | 900 w. roderick ave. oxnard, ca 93030 | phone/fax:  800-765-7422 
		
		disclaimer: pica recognizes that although we are all members of the same trade and share many of the same challenges in the workplace, our individual practices may focus on a number of dissimilar areas of specialization. professional investigators of california has been structured and its affairs conducted in a way with the intention that will be truly responsive to the needs, trusts, and desires of all licensed private investigators in california, as well as those in other states that share our concerns and goals. while at the time of the origination of the website all the information contained herein was believed to be true, the purpose of this website is for informational purposes only and the use of this website is with the conditions to hold harmless the association, its members and any third parties associated with the website. the website is not to be considered an advertisement and anyone entering this website and who uses the information contained herein does so at their own risk.





















 