











sedalia news journal – just another wordpress site
































































home
sports
about us
local news
national news
state news
contact us
 






















 





sedalia
news journal 

the sedalia weekly observer originally started way back in 1984, when it was first called, central missouri news. 

local news 

view more 


 














sedalia’s premier newspaper welcome to the website of the sedalia weekly observer. we are a full-color newspaper that is printed weekly and distributed in the central missouri area specifically in sedalia. we have been open since 1984.
if you need news about central sedalia and the surrounding areas and we have got that for you. the newest it will be printed in our newspaper is definitely going to be the latest and most accurate information that you can read or any current events around the country nation county or even your neighborhood. the news stories that are printed on our website is also reflected in our physical copy. so please consider purchasing a copy over a newspaper if you would like to support our journalism. our newspaper hits the stands in sedalia every week and you can expect to receive it late wednesday afternoon weekly. you may also sign up for this website's newsletter if you want the updated on any currently use that is going to be released in sedalia
the sedalia weekly observer also publishes a wide range of news stories for its readers. these news stories include that of national, international, entertainment, sports and any other kind of news. we even have an obituary section for anyone looking to see any local diseases or deaths. you can just browse through the different news sections if you need to search for news quickly. you would be able to look through all of the content really fast, thanks to the organization of our website's news. so for anyone living in the sedalia area are news could be very useful to you if you do not want to be left behind on any of the latest and most current information about where you live. you will be kept up-to-date if you read our newspaper regularly.


these are the many news stories and categories that you can read in our newspaper.local news
all of the local news that is happening around sedalia, is going to be covered by this newspaper. the different neighborhoods of sedalia, are going to be covered by this newspaper. so if you are looking for any news that is relevant to residents of sedalia, you should take the time to read through our news stories. we have got information that could prove to be very useful to you. 





national news
news on the national and state level are also going to be covered by the sedalia weekly observer as well. this will mean that any significant event that has happened over the past week, will be published as part of our news stories as well. if you want to be up to date with any of the biggest and most pressing stories that are happening in the nation, then you should take the time to read the sedalia weekly observer. the news such as state and national elections, protests, and more are going to be a regular feature on this website's news sections. 
international news
news about the world is also going to be part of the sedalia weekly observer as well. if you want to read about the many international and geopolitical events that are currently unfolded, then the sedalia weekly observer should be your source for that information. you could check out what is happening in other countries if you read this newspaper. 





sports news
fans of the local sedalia sports scene should be readers of our website. all of the local sports news of the area, such as baseball, basketball, football, volleyball, etc, is going to be covered by our news staff as well. if you love playing and reading about sports; the sedalia weekly observer can offer you a lot of sports-related news stories. 
entertainment news
celebrity gossips, information about tv shows and movies can also be found on the sedalia weekly observer as well. you would be able to catch up on all of the latest entertainment news about your favorite actors and actresses if you regularly read the entertainment news section of the sedalia weekly observer. you would also be able to check the news on any movie releases that are going to be shown in theaters in sedalia. 




obituaries
the obituary section of the sedalia weekly observer will contain any of the recent deaths that have occurred in the community. if you would also like to post an obituary of someone, you can contact one of our editors. obituaries are printed weekly, so if you submit one before after wednesday, that obituary will be printed in the next week's edition of the sedalia weekly observer. 
calender
the sedalia calendar is also included in our newspaper's website as well. on this website's calendar, you can see markings of all of the significant dates that are going to occur in the sedalia area. you would find it easy to know about any local holidays or significant dates that are going to happen. check out our calendar if you do not want to miss out on any of those important dates in sedalia. you can also check any upcoming events that are going to be planned for sedalia as well. 
the sedalia weekly observer is fully staffed by trained journalists and publishers with many years of experience in the industry. we have got a managing editor staff writers on site journalists stock refers and any other stuff to the proper newspaper will need. the observer also has several contributing editors and writers and you are also free to submit your content just contact one of our publishers or editors to get your work submitted.
please feel free to browse through our news archive, if you are also looking for older stories. you would be very glad to know that we have got news stories saved, from decades ago. the news archive that is maintained by the sedalia weekly observer is very complete. and you may find it useful to use our news archive if you need to browse through older news stories about the central sedalia area. 



blogs 
all about nicotine – facts, effects, and addiction! what does it do to your body?
january 19, 2019june 7, 2021
 

no matter whether you are new in the world of vaping or not, you must definitely be quite curious to know what actually nicotine is and how it affects your body, isn’t it? every year, more and more researchers are discovering and studying more about this substance. after all, it…

connect on social media

sedalia cvblets meet and talk! call us!

ask for a quote















 





sedalia news journal







							© 2018 sedalia news journal. all rights reserved.						


























