








home - eastern officials association












































skip to content


















  


search for:








homeaboutsportsbaseballsoftballfootballswimming & divingvolleyballbooking officialsbe an officialbaseball official signupsoftball official signupfootball official signupswimming & diving official signupvolleyball official registrationfaqsbaseball faqssoftball faqsfootball faqsswimming & diving faqsvolleyball faqsdocuments & formscontacthomeaboutsportsbaseballsoftballfootballswimming & divingvolleyballbooking officialsbe an officialbaseball official signupsoftball official signupfootball official signupswimming & diving official signupvolleyball official registrationfaqsbaseball faqssoftball faqsfootball faqsswimming & diving faqsvolleyball faqsdocuments & formscontact






search for:

















loading...







eastern officials association 














































homeimpactmedia2023-01-18t13:08:47-05:00 
our goal is to provide the best qualified officials on the east coast for colleges, high school, and recreation competition by providing the officials with quality training and experiences.
our goal is to provide the best qualified officials on the east coast for colleges, high school, and recreation competition by providing the officials with quality training and experiences.
baseball
eoa baseball umpires are certified to officiate: ncaa, nfhs (vhsl), pony, little league, american legion, aau, nations, and usssa.
learn more
softballeoa softball umpires are certified to officiate: ncaa, nfhs (vhsl), aau, pony, nsa, asa, softball nation, and usssa.
learn morefootballeoa football referees are experienced and well skilled at officiating tackle, flag, 7-on-7, and sand football events. certified to officiate nfhs (vhsl) …
learn morevolleyballeoa provides professional officiating services to the ncaa, nccaa, njcaa, vhsl (public high schools) and visaa (private high schools) …
learn moreswimmingeoa officials attend clinics, receive training and are certified by usa swimming. novice officials generally start as stroke and turn officials.
learn moreeastern officials association
are you ready to be an official?we’re growing and we need people who are active and passionate about sports to get in the game!   find out more about becoming an official in one of many sports including baseball, softball, volleyball, football, swimming and diving.
the eastern officials association was formed to provide a single point of contact between entities competing in sports and the vast representation of private contractors who are in the business of officiating sports competitions. we currently represent approximately 400 officials who seek connections with collegiate, scholastic and recreation programs for the purpose of officiating.
nationally recognized programs that we support are little league baseball, pony baseball, babe ruth / cal ripken baseball, the virginia high school league (vhsl), the virginia independent schools athletic association  (visaa), american legion baseball, pop warner football, amateur athletic union (aau), united states sports specialty sports association (usssa) , national junior college athletic association (njcaa), united states collegiate athletic association (uscaa) and the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa).
eastern officials association
nationally recognized programsthe eastern officials association was formed to provide a single point of contact between entities competing in sports and the vast representation of private contractors who are in the business of officiating sports competitions. we currently represent approximately 400 officials who seek connections with scholastic programs as well as recreation programs for the purpose of officiating.
nationally recognized programs that we support are little league baseball, pony baseball, babe ruth / cal ripken baseball, the virginia high school league (vhsl), the virginia independent schools athletic association  (visaa), american legion baseball, pop warner football, amateur athletic union (aau), united states sports specialty sports association (usssa) , national junior college athletic association (njcaa), united states collegiate athletic association (uscaa) and the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa)
looking to book your next event?the eoa provides officials for baseball, football, softball, volleyball, and swimming and diving events from the community level up to collegiate, state, regional, and national events.
book now



 
 






		copyright 2025 | eastern officials association | members area  digital marketing by hilton multimedia 

 
 
 
 


 
 





















































































go to top




