




home page - east canton schools



















skip to navigation
skip to main content












menu






east canton schools
osnaburg local school district





special announcements



view more posts














close


calendar/facilities


calendar


facility requests




schools


high school


middle school


elementary




athletics


athletics


coaching certification


boys basketball history


boys cross country




students


login


bell schedule- all grades


progressbook


handbooks


eces preschool handbook 21-22


eces handbook 21-22


ecms handbook 23-24


echs handbook 24-25




follet shelf


laptop program


hs counselor


ohio means jobs


ec stem


say something reporting




parents


sb29 notice 2024


first day forms


click here




new student registration


student registration




optional forms


non-prescription medication form


prescribed medication authorization


authorization for student possession and use of an asthma inhaler


volunteer interest


military parents


pesticide advisory


ecms and echs vacation form


elementary vacation form


student parking permit




food service department/ menus


all grades menus


summer food program




chromebook program


gifted & special education


gifted


special education




open enrollment information


pay fees & add lunch money


progressbook


school supply list & fees


pre-k supply lists


kindergarten supply list


1st supply list


2nd supply list


3rd supply list


4th-5th supply list


6th grade supply list 23-24


7th grade supply list 23-24


8th grade supply list 23-24




transportation information


babysitter transportation request form






staff


login


faculty and staff directory


curriculum & instruction


employment


insurance notifications


stark county schools cog ppo


2024 health benefits planbook




osnaburg otes 2.0 website


plansource insurance benefits


publicschool works


portal 1




smartfind


staff e-mail


staff forms


ema


fundraiser request form


ipdp


pay in form


purchase requisition




title ix training


level one training


level 2: coordinator & administrator training


level 2: investigator training


level 2: decision-maker training


level 2, report writing training




tsa/annuities


tsa meaningful notice 2024




community


resources


east canton elementary support resources


talking with your child


substance abuse info brief




community connections newsletter * coming soon*


employment


military family resources


ohio checkbook


treasurer




board of ed.


mission statement & resources


2024-2025 district calendar.pdf














   
 
 
 
 
 




east canton named top high school


we are proud to report that east canton high school was named a top high school in the nation today by the u.s. news and world report.  the rating was based on college readiness, rigorous curriculum, achievement scores, and graduation rate.  this is an incredible and well deserved honor for our students, faculty, staff, and community.  more information about the rating can be found at this link.
  




twitter

tweets by @eastcantonhs








remind - official district communication method


osnaburg local schools likes to communicate with our parents and guardians to keep them up to date with all happenings at the schools.  we use the program remind to do our communication.  click here to watch a short video about getting started with remind for parents.  the video will show you how to customize your alerts through the remind dashboard.  please direct any additional questions to any of our principals' offices.
  




preschool registration


 available now under parents tab
*preschool students should be 4 years old by october 1, 2023. however , students can be screened as early as their 3rd birthday* 
  
 




2023-2024 kindergarten registration


 coming soon under parents tab
   



























































































































important links






utilizing stem at all building levels


 osnaburg local schools has implemented stem education at all building levels. stem focuses on subject-specific learning, along with helping to foster inquiring minds, logical reasoning, and collaborative skills. east canton’s stem implementation grew from individual courses that focused on problem-based learning to a school-wide focus and culture of innovation.  since implementation, 100% of teachers have been trained in problem-based learning, which enhances the stem practices at east canton high. click here to visit our webpage.
a focus on problem based learning...
 problem-based learning (pbl) is a teaching method in which complex real-world problems are used as the vehicle to promote student learning of concepts and principles as opposed to direct presentation of facts and concepts. in addition to course content, pbl can promote the development of critical thinking skills, problem-solving abilities, and communication skills. it can also provide opportunities for working in groups, finding and evaluating research materials, and life-long learning (duch et al, 2001).




stem students


















































this is where i'm from...




presented by: down the road productions ( andrew anthony, east canton class of 1998)
    







little hornets preschool



 
little hornets preschool has been awarded the 5-star quality rating for the past two years. step up to quality is a five-star quality rating and improvement system that recognizes and promotes learning and development programs that meet quality program standards that exceed regulations. program standards are based on national research identifying standards which lead to improved outcomes for children. 
 




east canton elementary



stem education is active and focuses on a student-centered learning environment. students engage in questioning, problem solving, collaboration, and hands-on activities while they address real life issues.  the elementary has also implemented stem sections in the 4th and 5th grade levels. 
 east canton elementary utilizes personalized education and building wide intervention. 
 
  




east canton middle school


                     
east canton middle school was awarded the momentum award for the third straight year. this award recognizes schools that have received a's for every value- added measure included on the ohio school report cards. 
this is evidence of the commitment to our students' success by ensuring our students meet and exceed growth expectations. 
 
 
                                    




east canton high school


  east canton high school has earned a stem designation from the ohio department of education stem committee. this honor has only been awarded to 1.6% of schools across the state. echs is proud to be the first stark county high school recognized with this distinction. 
the stem program which was implemented in 2012 has since expanded through community and business partnerships with hendrickson trailer commercial vehicle systems, pero farms, edhesive/amazon, pointful education, and the young entrepreneur grant symposium to name a few.
 these partnerships allow us to provide additional opportunities for staff and students as well as allowing us to share our lessons with other school districts. east canton high school is on the forefront of leading-edge instructional practices. in addition to stem, echs has implemented virtual reality, artificial intelligence, agricultural engineering, and computer science resources from amazon into the curriculum.
  

 








chrome book device distribution


please click here to check out your device today. 












osnaburg local school district

310 browning ct.
east canton, oh 44730 


elementary - 330.488.0392   m.s. 330. 488.0334    h.s. 330.488.0316 attendance line - 330.488.0229
330.488.4001




copyright © 2015-2024
echalk inc.







