




ssdt new 2024 – marching forward












































































home
about
services
our work
our program
contact us
donate
members
 


home
about
services
our work
our program
contact us
donate
members
 

































countdown chicago 2025!
two iconic chicago groups come together for a special performance
























donate





















 



the tumblers and drill team members enjoyed rehearsing together starting in october and taping in november for this spectacular new year's eve show.






south shore drill team & the jesse white tumblers performed together for the first time on the new year’s eve special countdown chicago 2025. while the two groups have appeared at thousands of the same events, it was always at a different time. abc chicago 7 brought them together for this occasion and the performance was dynamic.
    “these two teams both provide great entertainment while guiding young people towards success,” says arthur robertson, founder and director of south shore drill team.
    south shore drill team celebrates its 45th anniversary in 2025 and the jesse white tumblers have a 65-year legacy.



"we’ve received heartfelt feedback from chicago, across the country, and around the world. this is truly a celebration of everything that makes chicago special, and it’s the perfect way to close out the year as we look ahead to 2025."
terrell brown, abc ch. 7 anchor"we’ve received heartfelt feedback from chicago, across the country, and around the world. this is truly a celebration of everything that makes chicago special, and it’s the perfect way to close out the year as we look ahead to 2025."
terrell brown, abc ch. 7 anchor 





south shore drill team uses performing arts to engage inner-city youth throughout their critical teenage years, mitigating the dangers of gangs, drugs, and violence, while guiding members towards completing their education and career goals.


in 1980, chicago public school teacher arthur robertson founded south shore drill team to offer a positive and creative outlet for inner-city youth. what began with four neighborhood teens twirling wooden rifles has grown into a nationally-known organization that performs at more than 70 events and serves more than 250 young people ages 8 to 24 every year.


 
 



missionlike a second family


well-known for its electrifying precision-drilling and wide range of dance routines, the drill team has performed at walt disney world, the nfl hall of fame,and two presidential inaugurations, and is the fan favorite at chicago’s bud billiken and dozens of other parades.
the group’s mission extends far beyond entertainment, however. first and foremost, the organization is a prevention program, devoted to helping young people in some of chicago’s most dangerous neighborhoods steer clear of gangs, drugs, and violence while developing a strong work ethic, self-confidence, and a respect for themselves and others.
the team’s exciting performances and colorful outfits may change from year to year, but the organization’s focus never will.  we’re in this to save young lives.


contact us






corporatecommercial & corporate events


partnerships with south shore drill team connect companies with an exciting performance group well respected for its mission. members showcase their abundant talent in commercials, corporate meetings, and grand openings.









specialholiday / themed events


parade organizers routinely save south shore drill team for the final spectacular unit at parades on st. patrick’s day, memorial day, and 4th of july. team members also perform at black history month, juneteenth, halloween, and other holiday events throughout the year.









sportsporting events








team members wow the crowds at professional and college games. they performed at the nba all star weekend, the indy 500, the kentucky derby, and the nfl hall of fame, along with hundreds of football and basketball games.





 



some of our latest work



expanding possibilities






 




sample songs from our summer 2024 show







ladies of south shore perform this lyrical gospel song by aretha franklin as recorded by yoland adams at the 2024 summer show.










this is a stunning rendition of sam cooke’s moving song written in 1963 and performed at the 2024 summer show by south shore drill team’s big guard rifle line.










this video from the 2024 summer show is south shore drill team’s elite flag line performing beyoncé’s dangerously in love from her 2003 debut solo studio album.










this video shows clips of team members performing and includes quotes on what they gain from the south shore drill team experience.










this video features our high-energy cadets performing “loves me like a rock,” the classic written by paul simon and sung by one of motown’s greatest groups, the four tops.


more about our program







instructor dinata herron describes how south shore drill team takes a holistic approach with engaging young performers and teaching them new skills.



 



traveling helps broaden the horizon for our young people. request a quote for your event.event request or donateinvest in young people


it costs about $3,000 a year to provide a child with the experience of being part of a winning team. compare that to the fact that it costs about $35,000-$60,000 a year to maintain a young person in cook county juvenile detention center.  providing quality youth programs may be expensive, but a lack of opportunities is even more so!


donateyour gift today keeps young people safe and focused on becoming all they can be.read morejoin the teamyou can enroll right now!read moreevent requestbook the drill teamread morethese young people give up much of their free time to learn and practice the movements.  the results of this hard work demonstrate what dedication and sacrifice can provide.cindy  princeton, ili was pleasantly surprised to see your talented group in the lake bluff parade! i love the mission combining athleticism, education, and discipline. thank you for all you do!anne  lake forest, ilkeep up the great work, y’all! love your performances!dan  st. charles, il

 




 


773-752-7830



 


7160 s. south chicago ave.
chicago, il 60619



 


info@southshoredrillteam.org







ssdt © south shore drill team 2024


 
 























































