



 
inspirational spark - inspirational quotes and more - a spark to inspire your life!











 













 
 
 





inspirational quotes - to inspire your life!organized by subject


check out the lastest inspirational quotes from our blog:
subscribe to rss headline updates from: powered by feedburner 




you can read our latest inspirational quotes every time you open your browser by setting us up as your home page. click here for quick and easy instructions.





looking for our newest quote pages?
check out what's new!



find the right inspirational quote for yourself or a friend - fast!

inspirationalspark.com was designed to make it easy for you to find inspirational quotes, without needing to sift through hundreds of quotes on any given subject.
other sites offer thousands of quotes, but sifting through them for just the right quote can be very time-consuming. so, we've done the sifting for you. we've reviewed thousands of quotes, from a huge number of sources - books, magazines, newspapers, and online. and, of course, we've always had our own favorites. from all of these sources, we've selected only the very best in class, and organized them by topic, for easy access. 
we're proud to offer only the very best inspirational quotes.
so, look around.
....and be inspired! 






leadership quotes - the best leadership quotations from inspirational spark
great leadership quotes by truly inspirational people, including general george patton, theodore roosevelt, john maxwell, emerson, and vince lombardi
friend quotes - the best friend and friendship quotations from inspirational spark
great friend quotes by truly inspirational people, including ralph waldo emerson, helen keller, barbara kingsolver, ralph waldo emerson, and robert louis stevenson
goal quotes - the best goalsetting quotations from inspirational spark
great goal quotes by truly inspirational people, including henry ford, stephen covey, michelangelo, and t.s. eliot
inspirational sports sayings and quotes - the best sports quotes and sayings from inspirational spark
inspirational sports sayings and sports quotes by truly inspirational coaches and players, including muhammad ali, vince lombardi, joe paterno, and yogi berra
success quotes - only the best success quotations from inspirational spark
great success quotes by truly inspirational people, including edison, emerson, churchill, carnegie
motivation quotes - the best motivation quotations from inspirational spark
great motivation quotes by truly inspirational people, including dale carnegie, henry ford, emerson, and og mandino
positive attitude quotes - from inspirationalspark.com
great attitude and positive attitude quotes by truly inspirational people, including emerson, norman vincent peale, and the buddha
inspirational phrases, sayings, quotes, and mottos - to inspire your life!
the very best inspirational phrases and quotes, distilled from our huge collection.
encouragement quotes and encouraging words - to inspire your life!
the very best encouragement quotes and encouraging words, distilled from our huge collection.

subject index

attitude quotes
best friend quotes
best friends - sayings about best friends
being yourself, quotes about being yourself
classic quotes
determination quotes
difficult times quotes
difficult times, inspiring quotes for difficult times
divorce, positive quotes about divorce
dream quotes, quotes about dreams
encouragement quotes
encouraging quotes
encouragement - inspirational words of encouragement
encouragement - inspirational encouraging quotes
encouragement quotes with pictures
encouraging words for a friend
fear quotes, overcoming fear quotes
failure quotes
favorite quotes
forgiveness quotes
friend quotes
friendship phrases
friendship - true friend quotes
friendship sayings
goal quotes
happiness - best quotes on happiness and success
inspirational leadership quotes
inspirational phrases
inspirational sayings and thoughts
short inspirational quotes
inspiring quotes
helping others quotes
kindness quotes
leadership quotes
leadership - inspirational leadership quotes
leadership quotations
leadership, quotes on leadership
letting go quotes
life quotes
life sayings
life, sayings about life
life, inspirational quotes about life
life, my life quotes
life quotes and sayings
love sayings
love - short love quotes
love - short love quotes
love phrases
making mistakes quotes
memories quotes
motivational phrases
motivation quotes
not giving up quotes
overcoming obstacles quotes
perseverance quotes
positive attitude quotes
quitting, not quitting quotes
self-esteem quotes
risk quotes
sports - inspirational sports sayings
sports - inspiring sports quotes
success quotes
sympathy - words of sympathy
taking action mottos
taking chances quotes
teamwork quotes
thank you quotes and sayings
time, best quotes on time, sayings on time
yourself, be yourself quotes
yourself, quotes about being yourself


quick and easy steps to set inspirational spark as your browser homepage:
for firefox:

open up the website you want to be your home page. (for this inspirational spark page, you don't have to do anything.)
click on the icon to the left of the web address (it looks like a sheet of paper), drag it to the home button (it looks like a little house),and then let go.
click yes to "do you want this document to be your new home page?". 

that's it. you're done!

for internet explorer:

navigate to the webpage you want to set as the home page. (for this inspirational spark page, you don't have to do anything.)
click the arrow to the right of the home button (it looks like a little house), and then click "add or change home page".
in the add or change home page dialog box, click use this webpage as your only home page.

that's it. you're done!







 





top | home | contact us | privacy policy | about us

© class act media, llc. all rights reserved.
google


 

 





 home

inspirational quote cards
inspirational magnets
inspirational quotes with pictures
inspirational quote prints
inspirational quotes
 browse by subject


 favorites
 fan favorite quotes 2011
 leadership

friends

be yourself

best friends

goals

sports

success

motivation

attitude

inspiration

life

encouragement

love

teamwork

perseverance

classics

dreams

determination

failure

forgiveness

taking chances

inspirational leadership

not giving up

self-esteem

inspirational sayings

thank you

words of sympathy

risk quotes, taking risks quotes

resources
inspirational posters




search this site








(to match an exact phrase, use quotes.)
powered by 
freefind






 


 




follow us!

want daily inspirational quotes? 
we offer 4 ways: 

1) like us on facebook!


2) check out our inspirationalspark blog! 



3) follow us on twitter



4) set our home page up as your browser start page, and see new quotes every time you open your browser. (see our quick and easy setup instructions.)




our partners



what's new?


check out our latest additions: encouraging words for a friend,inspiring quotes for difficult times, inspiring sports quotes,
best quotes on happiness and success, inspirational encouraging quotes, life quotes and sayings, positive quotes about divorce,letting go quotes,
my life quotes, best quotes on time, memories quotes. 
we've also created a page to let you know what additions we've made recently to the site. please check out our what's new page.
our encouragement quotes page is one of most popular, so we thought we'd point out a great source of encouragement greeting cards. check it out.

our sister site, quotearts.com, offers great inspirational quote greeting cards, inspirational quote note cards, and inspirational quote magnets. they've greatly expanded their collection of borealis press greeting cards. check them out - you've probably seen them around, somewhere, and they're either very touching or very, very funny. and, don't forget our collections of inspirational posters and inspirational magnets. we've searched through our partners' stores, and picked out what we consider the best posters and magnets.
also, if you haven't tried it yet, check out our site search feature, just below the menu on the left. our site search lets you search using any word or combination of words in a quote or its author, and quickly find the page on our site containing those words. (surround the words with quotation marks, to search for the specific combination of words.)
 
 [?] subscribe to this site


  

we're planning even more new features and services for this year, so please check back often.


 
 







