









ad - together, we win. 




















search locally owned independent distributors spanning nine industries of construction and industrial supplies.
search now






ad logo





































login

















distributor benefits

overviewfinancialnetworkingbest-in-class supplierssales & marketing programseducationecommerceservice providersadvocacy & accesswarehousing

supplier benefits

overviewaccelerated growthtop-tier distributorssales & marketing programsbrand advocacyecommerceservice providerswarehousing

industries

overviewbearings & power transmissiondecorative brandselectricalgypsum supply

distributorssuppliersview distributors state mapview google map

hvacindustrial & safetyplumbingpvfsafety network

international

overviewcanadamexico

about

overviewhistoryvaluesleadershipgovernancedisaster reliefad newscareerscontact

resources

overviewmember locatorad education centerawardsassociationsbrand centervideo gallery



join admeetings schedulecareers






ad logo




































join adcontactmeetings schedule careerssearchlogin




distributor benefitssupplier benefitsindustriesinternationalaboutresources















the power, the promise, the partnership of ad.

ad is a member owned group. we are passionate about bringing growth-oriented independent distributors and best-in-class suppliers together to outperform the market and to stay ahead of the competition.
join ad    


















over
1,400
independent distributor members


over
9,000
locations


over
150,000
employees


more than
$100b
in annual sales





					financial benefits		
a better bottom line.
leverage our size and scale to drive your growth and reduce costs. build relationships with the best to gain market share and outpace the industry. we averaged 100% supplier rebate distributions over the last ten years. we have successfully outpaced the us gdp nearly every year since our founding.

distributor benefits										 | supplier benefits 

market
ad













					relationships		
together, we win.
investing in relationships is the key to our over 40 years of success. the relationships we actively facilitate between our members and supplier partners, and those we build with them, help us understand each other’s unique needs so together we can grow our businesses. individual attention and personalized support is what we do different and better than anyone else.

distributor benefits										 | supplier benefits 





					entrepreneurial spirit		
the spirit that drives us all.
we are living in a changing world and we are never satisfied with the status quo. our innovative mindset enables us to take risks, while our size affords us the resources to make investments in programs to help our members compete today and tomorrow.

distributor benefits										 | supplier benefits 







member owned & transparent to  the local level

our industry-specific boards led by our owner/members govern every financial, programmatic, and strategic aspect of our organization, because we respect that our independent distributors and supplier partners know what is best for their companies. it is our associates’ commitment to provide personal attention to help them achieve their goals. 
learn more




our passion, purpose, and pride

we put our all into leveraging our unique economies of scale, robust financial systems and people-first approach to help independent distributor members outperform the competition, best-in-class suppliers protect their brands and diversify their channel strategy, and associates perform at their best. 
learn more




serving others

giving back is a joyful responsibility and a value we share with our distributors and supplier partners, who realize that some of our world’s biggest problems can be solved within our communities by regular people working to make a difference in the lives of others. 
learn more





1 / 3






featured news
view all news






ad’s independent electrical supply division celebrates major milestone and announces 2025 board of directors

			february 13, 2025







ad owner/members reach a record $83.3 billion in 2024

			february 3, 2025







ad names 2025 llc board of directors after owner/member vote

			january 29, 2025



view all news







if you’re passionate about building your business, then you’ve found the right partner. join ad 

distributor benefitsfinancialnetworkingbest-in-class supplierssales & marketing programseducationecommerceservice providersadvocacy & accesswarehousingsupplier benefitsaccelerated growthtop-tier distributorssales & marketing programsbrand advocacyecommerceservice providerswarehousingindustriesbearings & power transmissiondecorative brandselectricalgypsum supplyhvacindustrial & safetyplumbingpvfsafety networkinternationalcanadamexicoresourcesmember locatorad education centerawardsassociationsbrand centervideo galleryabouthistoryvaluesleadershipgovernancedisaster reliefad newscareerscontact
















login

contact ad
500 e. swedesford rd | wayne, pa 19087610.977.3100 | info@adhq.com 



ad’s partner, supplyforce helps independent distributors secure and jointly service large mro and government contracts. 



adfoundation.com | enabling the ad community to support one another's people when disasters strike.
















				  ©2025 affiliated distributors. all rights reserved | privacy policy




















 







