

cubasports.com - cuba sports encyclopedia. why are cubans such talented athletes? sports stars, olympic results, baseball hall of fame, boxing and moreï¿½



























a new way to discover cuba

french spanish














national 
            sports


baseball


boxing


athleticism


basketball


volleyball


water 
            sports


street 
            sports


 
            sports stars


all 
            stars


olympic 
            medallists


sports 
            arenas


cuban 
            sports industry


gallery


more cuba sites


credits


comments






























live chat application
 


ads by ciberspaces



























realestate.com





canadavip.com





cuba travel network





cheap flights.com





havanatur.com





italyvip.com





mexicovip.com





carrentcuba.com





bahamasvip.com





 hawaiivip.com





cuba renta de carros





travel to cuba





rent a car in cuba





cuba renta autos blog















as agile as the best athletes, cuba sports is aimed at providing a panorama of the sport world on the caribbean island of cuba. some of the results cuba displays are just amazing for such a tiny nation of 11 million: fifth place in the medal chart of the barcelona '92 olympics, eighth in atlanta'96, ninth in sydney '00, and eleventh in athens greece '04 with 27 olympic medals (9 gold, 7 silver, and 11 bronze), 2008 beijing, china 24 olympic medals (2 gold, 11 silver, 11 bronze), 2012 london, united kingdom 15 olympic medals (5 gold, 3 silver, 7 bronze).cuban athletes have always been characterized by their enormous will and endurance in their quest for victory. renowned sportsmen and teams that have managed to attain the best positions in the world ranking for decades, surprising triumphs, and colossal deeds carried out by men and women who have overcome the barrier of endurance. unforgettable events, and more, are part of the information, commentaries, statistics, and profiles you will be able to access on cubasports.com.the cuban olympic team is in intense preparations for the upcoming games in rio de janeiro, brazil, where cuba hopes to bring home over 30 medals, beating its 20 year record.watch this space!          
          
          




virtual cuba explorer - click on the province you want to explore first


















more than 350 photos of cuba. free!
places to "hang out" for the 
            vip and discerning traveller.
exclusive! 360 degree views of both 
            havana & varadero
we organize donations, conferences. 
            take a look!





 quick guide








ads by ciberspaces


































 
  ...cuban culture, what makes the cubans 'tick'? racial mixes, music, art, cultures 
  by region, food, local drinks and much more. find out about celebrities and 
  how they came to be. 
...extraordinary 
  sportsmen. why are cubans such talented athletes? how many gold medals have 
  been won? how do they train? local sports results. sport is cuba's national 
  passion, baseball is the favourite. take a look inside cuba's sports scene... 

..advice. 
  it's free and current on this site, don't travel without printing these pages! 
  you may not need a tour guide, when you have read these pages. every morcel 
  of 'advice' from various sources. interactive questions answered immediately... 



 









...fun, 
  fun, fun. this is our focus with this site. night-life, dancing, beach parties, 
  group activities. whether you want to skydive or just visit the hot clubs, cubafun.com 
  will provide you with as much 'fun' as you need! interactive responses to your 
  email questions available... 
...if 
  you are single or a couple, you need not feel alone in cuba. this site specifically 
  focuses upon those people who need "a friend onsite". take a look at the individual 
  activities, single room rates, best "sole traveler" prices, excitement and fun. 
  our onsite team will "make it happen". 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! 
...since 
  the introduction of the # 77 foreign investment law in 1995, cuba has become 
  an excellent foreign investment venue. real estate, tourism, hotels, manufacturing 
  and many other sectores. our onsite team can walk you through every aspect of 
  an investment, from the dream to reality... 



down








ads by ciberspaces

















































































































special offers



























































book instantly over 120 hotels in cuba
































































book instantly the car you need
































































available now! reside in havana now!...
































































up to 20% off! online payment immediate confirmation
































































book last minute `low price` deals here and pay online ! up to 30% off!
































































sign up for our monthly travel newsletter
































































low cost "all inclusive" packages
































































ecoturism
































































world class: dental, surgery, plastic surgery,...




























 
down











email us...contact@cubacaribbean.com
      copyright © 2002 - 2025. digital panorama s.a. all rights reserved.
      no part of this website may be copied or reproduced without the written consent
of travelucion s.l or its subsidiaries.



800 x 600




