





car trailers by t&e auto haulers - semi trailers, stacker trailers, gooseneck trailers, fifth wheel trailers, pull-a-long trailers and coach trailers
















 member:
                national association of trailer manufacturers


 








































































we'll do our best to earn your business!

semi | sprint car | pull-a-long | stacker | gooseneck/fifth
                  wheel | vending | coach | used






















sprint  car  trailer
          37' box - 45' overall
semi trailer
          56' pro stock style
        business class lounge!
stacker  trailer
        38' overall - 32' floor
t&e vending trailers built for track sales!
mini-5th wheel stacker
            42' overall - 34' floor
        hydraulic lift gate!
hd pull-a-long  trailer
            42.5' overall - 36' floor
        34' attic - hydr. liftgate!      




















p-a-l stacker  trailer
          32' box - 38' overall
sprint  car  trailer
          53' air ride,singles
          business class lounge
gooseneck   trailer
          53' overall - 45' floor
p-a-l stacker  trailer
        28' box - 33' overall
56' semi trailer
          business class lounge
          hydraulic lift gate!
p-a-l stacker  trailer
          28' box - 33' overall


 
 


whether
      you're a weekend warrior or full time operation, t&e can build you
      a trailer that will meet or exceed the highest standards in the industry.
      performance and quality construction are key elements of every trailer we build! starting
      out in 1981 with our frp line of trailers, t&e currently offers a
      full range of all aluminum trailers to meet the needs of professional
      and sportsman racers alike. 
our lineup consists of pull-a-long bumper pull trailers, gooseneck fifth
        wheel trailers, stacker trailers, coach trailers and semi trailers. we proudly offer riveted, rivetless and plate side aluminum trailers which can be custom configured to each
        individual customers specific requirements. from a simple single car bumper pull pull-a-long trailer to a professional grade semi trailer with full living
        quarters, we can provide you with just about anything your imagination
        desires.
our foundations were laid at the roots of the sport...trailers
        for racers built by racers! we've been there and we know about the special
        needs and features that can make a "good" trailer great! we are experienced in building trailers to accommodate the hauling needs of most forms of motorsports. contact us today and talk over your needs informally. no sales pressure...no obligation to buy!

 not sure about what you really need in a trailer? no problem! download our trailer buyers guide and see what t&e can do for you!
learn more...

take a tour of our shop! 
 read what some of our customers have to say about t&e!
 learn more about our commitment to quality craftsmanship!
 view optional equipment photo's!
 see what's new on the t&e web site!
 driving directions to our location











trailers - construction - photo
    gallery -  used units - specials - repair and service - contact
      us - home - site
        map
©2015 t&e
    auto haulers | 80 tobey drive | herscher, il 60941
    phone 815-426-2761 | fax 815-426-2875



