


mexican pottery / mexican ceramic by gorky gonzalez





















log in / sign up












log in









forgot password?





log in with facebook



sign up


register with facebook



step 1: select the type buyer.
step 2: fill all required text fields and click "sign up".
step 3: after you submit the information we will send you and email notifying you about the activation of your account.
                            (if you are a store the email might take 24 to 48 hrs)
                                    simply click on the activation link on the email that you received.
                                    please check on your junk-mail (unwanted inbox), sometimes we have found out
                                    they are send to that box depending on your email settings.
                                    the subject of the email will say "gorky pottery thank you for registering".
                            
step 4: after you click on the activation link.  
                                           enter the website with your email and password you entered.  
                                           you should be able to see the prices and  place orders online.
                            type of buyer: *prices may change depending on type of buyer



-
personal / collector
decorator
store (initial purchase must be at least $500 dollars)



                                    minimum initial purchase is $500 usd (you need be store)
                                










country:

mexico
usa
other







 i want to receive information of products and news.
                                

text validation
fvcehy5






click here to be directly to our website www.gorkygonzalez.com








more information















internationally recognized and award winner gorky gonzalez and his workshop
                      have dedicated their work to rescue the traditional majolica of guanajuato,
                      mexico. each piece is carefully handcrafted.
                      gorky gonzalez was born in the city of morelia, michoacan, on september 27th, 1939.
                      he is the son of sculptor rodolfo gonzalez, with whom he worked an studied sculpture and casting of artistic objects in bronze and lost wax.
                      
                      in 1962, at 23, gorky worked in san miguel de allende, a village located in the state of guanajuato, at the school of arts and the allende institute, where he build an artistic foundry attended by both students an professional sculptors. later he founded a small workshop of terra cotta manufacturing in the village of marfil, where he reproduced jean byron’s designs.
                      
                      his main interest, however, has always been rescuing the traditional majolica.
                      he studied ceramics in guanajuato, which probably prompted him rescue this lost craft which represent one of the cultural and historical values of this region.
                      
                      when he was striving to achieve this aim, gorky met hisato murayama, a young cultured japanese who was in mexico studying spanish, philosophy and mexican history.
                      
                      hisato murayama, a profound connoisseur of pottery technique, lent gorky various books on japanese art, encouraging him to continue his studies in that country.
                      
                      gorky was granted a scholarship to study in japan for two years, where he not only learn diverse pottery techniques but also met his wife, toshiko.
                      
                      in this remote country he first studied in tokyo with tsuji seimei, who taught the shigaraki technique.
                      
                      later gorky moved to the town of bizen, where he studied with kei fujiwara, considere japan’s living national treasure, and with his son, yu fijuwara, also a renowned potter. there he learn the bizen-yaki technique.
                      since he return from japan he has devouted he self to the rescue of the traditional majolica pottery from guanajuato. his workshop alfareria tradicional / gorky pottery has become one of the most important hand made pottery workshops in mexico.
                    





guest























































































alfarería tradicional s.a. de c.v. 2020. all rigths reserved.
            ex huerta de montenegro s/n col. pastita, guanajuato, gto. méxico
            t: +52(473) 73 10389 | usa phone +1(415)-738-6140
            gorky@gorkypottery.com, info@gorkypottery.com








