





log homes of america - your log home dream starts here




log homes of america - your log home dream starts here


































































 
 




 













log homes of america






about us

independent reps
testimonials


products

wood products

wall logs
log siding
tongue & groove
beams and timbers
custom millwork
accessories


log home packages

log profiles
corner systems




home plan ideas
log homes gallery
faqs
contact
main menu 













						who we are						



log homes of america is a premier log home manufacturer and designer located in the blue ridge mountains of western north carolina. rooted in a tradition of excellence, we take pride in the superior quality of our materials and our dedication to customer satisfaction. 
at log homes of america, we believe a log home is more than just a structure—it’s a lifestyle, a legacy, and a place where memories are made. let us help you make your log home dream a reality.



						what we offer						





 



							
							wood products															

log homes of america manufactures a wide range of wall logs and log siding in various profiles, false corners, t&g, beams, timbers, specialty wood products, custom millwork, and more. hand-hewn options available!




 



							
							log home packages															

browse our 40+ home plan ideas or send us your own plan, let us know what options you prefer and we will provide a quote with freight included to your building location.




 



							
							independent representatives															

looking for support closer to home? our locator tool can help you find the nearest independent representative in your area. connect with someone local who can offer personalized assistance and guidance!





looking for inspiration? browse our gallery!






 









						upcoming events					






					there are no upcoming events.					







 






		  call 800-564-8496, email us or use our online request form to contact us today!
	  




sales office:
2999 us hwy 221 north
jefferson, nc 28640
manufacturing facility:
2067 valway rd.
lenoir, nc 28645



phone numbers
local :  (336) 982-8989
office:  (888) logs-usa
fax:       (336) 982-8191
email:
info@loghomesofamerica.com
























 

			© copyright 2025 log homes of america, all rights reservedweb design by appnet.com | sitemap 











 call now
					



 directions
					









































 


