


cajun ed's specialty meats | turducken, cajun food / creole restaurant oklahoma






















like us on facebook 



my account | 
			contact us | 
			read our reviews | 
			help/faq | 
			ph: 866.298.8400













toggle navigation





the best cajun food by real cajuns!
we ship monday, tuesday, & wednesday





search: 










alligator meat for sale
view cart 





turduckens

shop turduckens
watch videos


variety packs
deboned stuffed items
heat and eat

appetizers and sides
entrees



for the grill
patties
steaks
sausage and boudin
pork



seafood, frog, & gator
frog, crawfish, and alligator products
shrimp and crab stuffed items


seasonings and stocks
gift certificate
location & hours




click here for local restaurant & market






real cajun food...
shipped to your door!
start shopping now











turduckens
a delicately deboned turkey that is stuffed with boneless duck & chicken! you are sure to have a meal that will impress even the toughest critic.
shop now










alligator
you'll be surprised at the wonderful flavor these less than ordinary culinary cuts of 
					alligator meat for sale deliver.
shop now










ham
special seasonings are sprinkled over and into the entire product. all you have to do is put it in the oven.
shop now








turduckens for sale - perfect for any season!




about cajun ed's specialty meats




cajun ed's specialty meats | cajun food delivery & prepared meals
when it comes to cajun cooking, whether you're a displaced louisianan 
		or just have a hankering for some real down home food from cajun 
		country, we've got you covered here at cajun ed's specialty meats. cajun 
		ed's brings you specialty meats and other delicacies just like you'd find in new orleans, only better. 
		this is real cajun food made by real cajun folks, and includes:

cajun specialty meats & fowl stuffed with a wide variety of 
			traditional cajun ingredients
crawfish, meat and shrimp - stuffed puff pastry pies
gumbos of every type
boudin balls and links
etouffee
steaks, burgers and a dozen types of sausage
world famous 
			turduckens

at hebert's meat, we are proud to offer the best tulsa live crawfish, bringing the taste of the south right to your table. our fresh, high-quality crawfish are perfect for a traditional boil or any seafood feast. we ensure that every crawfish is fresh and flavorful, making your dining experience unforgettable. come visit us at hebert's meat for the finest tulsa live crawfish in town!
cajun ed's specialty meats offers cajun food delivery plus a meal 
		delivery service of prepared meals. whether you're planning a party, a 
		holiday dinner or just want something adventurous and incredibly 
		delicious for a family meal, try us once and you'll be hooked. we 
		guarantee it! you may never want to cook for yourself again! 

hebert's seafood restaurant in oklahoma offers a delectable culinary experience, where oceanic delights meet southern charm. nestled in the heart of tulsa, this establishment boasts a diverse menu featuring freshly caught seafood prepared with expertise and creativity. from succulent shrimp scampi to mouthwatering lobster bisque, every dish is a testament to the restaurant's commitment to quality and flavor. with its cozy ambiance and attentive service, hebert's cajun / seafood restaurant is the perfect destination for seafood enthusiasts seeking an unforgettable dining experience.
dine in with us in tulsa!
cajun ed's specialty meats | 2101 e. 71st st. s tulsa, ok 
		74136 | just west of lewis ave. on 71st street in the big red house 
		*we 
		have usda inspected products!*



beignets served: 10 am
lunch menu
		monday - saturday 11am - 2:30pm 
dinner menu
		monday - thursday 2:30 - 8pm
		friday & saturday 2:30 - 9pm
please note: time above is when our tulsa creole restaurant 
		kitchen closes. dining room open for patrons after kitchen closes.
serving beignets and cafe au lait daily  - 10 am











about us
company info
contact us
e-newsletter
tulsa cajun restaraunt
tulsa seafood restaraunt


my account
view cart
sign-in
order status


helpful info
shipping information
privacy policy
terms & conditions


products
category index
product index
turduckens for sale
what is a turducken?
alligator meat for sale


questions
 email us
 918-298-8400
tulsa cajun / seafood restaurant:store hours:
mon-sat: 10am-9pm
sun: closed


articles
how do i cook my turducken?
what makes turducken so special?
all about alligator meat for sale







				follow us -  
				



sign up for our newsletter for latest news - 
				sign up now






© 2025 cajun ed's specialty meats
tulsa web design | 
					tulsa seo

sitemap | links















