






starman auctions - welcome to the site of the number one aviation auctioneer in the united states.



















































 






















						home					
















homeevolution aero services, inc.about usintegrityprofessionalexperiencejoin our mailing list!why a starman auctiononsite auctions9corpandgaoct avionics & instruments consignswa & ams gse picturesgulfstream n450mbgulfstream n-794mhmartin fall estateonline auctionsreferencess5 frontpage displayauction archivecontact












































search ...  find 























 call us: 1-480-396-0380           proxy bid form here!              press here to join our mailing list!        






register





                              login                            








































aviation  is what we do






















  avantair - starman auctions the asset sale of the largest piaggio p-180 operator in the united states.      






  avantair - starman auctions the asset sale of the largest piaggio p-180 operator in the united states.      












  integrity  we do what we say, every time many of the largest airlines in the world entrust their asset sales to starman auctions, so should you.	 read more  


  professional  this is not our first rodeo our staff has years of experience so that you can rest assured that the auction will go off without a hitch.	 read more  


  experience  over 25 years of experience aviation auctions are all we do.  we know the aircraft, the parts, the tools, the ground support equipment, and the documentation required for a successful sale.	 read more  



























advertising
starman auctions advertises to qualified buyers every time! learn more...

the correct aviation clients see your product with a list of over 58,000 qualified buyers worldwide that is updated each and every day starman auctions makes sure that the industry is aware of the sale.
 




setup
the most important part of every auction is the setup. learn more...

starman gets the layout and display of your assets right the first time, every time.scott moore is in charge of every setup done by starman auctions.  mr. moore is second to none when it comes to placing the right part in the best area for maximizing returns. 
 




a piece at a time
we sell your items a piece at a time maximizing your returns. learn more...

the only way to sell aircraft parts, one at a timeone part at a time, every time.  starman auctions sells your assets one piece at a time.  this means that every single item gets the attention it deserves.
 
















no events

subscribe to rss feed 











the  starman auction team





expert in aircraft and aircraft parts
no one knows aviation asset sales like the starman
team. contact us today to learn more...


we realize how difficult liquidations can be and appreciate how important it is to capture the highest possible equity. we know competitive bidding from prospective buyers will produce the highest market value. in these situations the liquidator, or selling agent, can make the difference in capturing the most equity.  professional, an excellent reputation, expert advertising, along with organized detail in setting up the sale are important elements for a successful auction. 
 
 










zeus  appraisals and valuations


starman auctions is pleased to announce their exclusive partnership with zeus appraisals and valuations we are now able to provide complete appraisal and valuation services. we look forward to serving you in this new capacity.










contact  us today


 

our addresses:
 
4949 e falcon drive
mesa az 85215
phone: 480-396-0380
 

hours of operation: monday-friday. 8am to 5pmspecial appointments are available












guests  online

we have 38 guests and no members online







































  we have helped thousands of aviation clients sell their assets, let use help you! 
request a call
 













quick  menu


our privacy policyaddress informationnetwork of peopleget to know uscustomer satisfaction












additional  information


we spent a long time listening to you while developing our new website.  while the old site has served us well over the years it did not have the ability to adapt to the many different devices that are available today.  our new site was developed with the future in mind.  it can adapt to mobile and tablet resolutions as well as the myriad of display options available on modern lcd monitors.




















copyright © 2025.  starman auctions.





homeabout usnewsfeaturedsite terms





























desktop version
















s5 box 







		don't have an account yet?		register now!

×

sign in to your account

username *



password *




remember me



log in



forgot your username?

forgot your password?





 

