






assisted living and healthcare



























menu
skip to content

homeabout us
contact
terms & privacy





assisted living and healthcare









health benefits of bone broth for babies

posted on 2017-04-17 by riley garrett 


something that was very simple for me when growing up was my mom boiling a large, extra bone from an animal. from this, she would make a broth, and at the time i just assumed that it was a cheap way to obtain soup. little did i know that cheap, easy to produce broth has great health properties. easy as although it takes within 24 and 72 hours to simmer the bone to remove those nutrients, there is zero else that has to be done.
but as for the health benefits of bone broth for babies, that was the little-known secret. there is one rather important caveat, however, and that is the bone that is used for this broth is of the highest quality. when i was younger, that wasn’t much of an issue, as especially in the midwest the cattle on the farm were not far away from the dinner table. now, of course, we have to concern ourselves with how the cattle are raised, as because obviously the nutrients that go into growing that bone are the same ones that we are extracting in our broth.
today we must be more aware of where the animals have been raised. whether it’s chicken or beef, you should know that the animals were organically raised, and in the case of beef, they were grass-fed animals. it has been noted that chickens, for example, that was raised in concentrated feeding operations tend to produce stock that does not gel, which is famous for its therapeutic properties.
and just why is this easy-to-make food so healthy? bone broth for babies is easy to digest and has been found to heal the lining of the intestines. in fact, it contains valuable nutrients that are vital healers for your entire body. but leaky gut syndrome has become a larger issue with people as we consume diets of processed foods that aren’t easy for the body to digest. any lesions in the guts can allow partially undigested food, bacteria, and other toxins to pass from the intestines into the bloodstream. this can naturally lead to an array of health problems.
leaky gut leads to many autoimmune disorders and allergies. bone broth for babies soup has been known to heal leaks in the intestines. the gelatin attracts and holds liquids, which include digestive juices, and this leads to proper digestion. in fact, it had been published years ago that chicken soup does have medicinal qualities which significantly fight infection.
bone broth has other health qualities, as well. it reduces joint pain and inflammation, and this is due to glucosamine and other compounds extracted from the cartilage. it helps promote strong, healthy bones because of the calcium and magnesium that play important roles in healthy bone formation. it can also make you look better by promoting healthy hair and nails. finally, the glycine in bone broth is known to have a calming effect on the system, allowing you better sleep.

 
often the old remedies are still the best ones. if you’ve been around as long as i have you perhaps remember some of the things that we took for our health, but we had no understanding what they were designed to fix. somehow back then people just knew of many things that worked.



babybone broth





what you need to know about hospice

posted on 2017-01-202017-01-20 by riley garrett 


hospice care is a unique kind of treatment given only to terminally ill patients. unlike the traditional methods, hospice doesn’t aim to cure the disease. it’s main aim is to let the patients live a pain free life in their final days. it focuses more on the quality of life.
qualify: not everyone qualifies for hospice care. the patient will be examined by physicians initially, and they will have to confirm, that the patient is suffering from a life-altering condition. if they think, that the patient won’t live for more than six months, then only he or she qualifies. once the program starts, the patient can end it anytime. there is no age limit for hospice. most of the patients are more than 70 years of age. but, if a child fulfills the eligibility criteria, then he or she can also qualify.
hospice team: there are specialized hospice centers for this kind of treatment. but most patients prefer to stay back at home. if you are opting for hospice for your parents, there will be a lot of people to assist you. apart from qualified nurses and doctors, social workers and volunteers are also usually present in a hospice team. sometimes, spiritual advisers will also be there to provide mental support. every week, at least member of the team will definitely come to meet the patient. they will constantly communicate with you, regarding the progress of the treatment, and what you can expect. apart from that, the team will also bring all the necessary equipment like hospital beds and other medical tools, as per requirements. however, opting for hospice, doesn’t mean that the patient has to stop visiting their regular doctor. the hospice team will consult with the doctor and will work together.

the main reasons why so many patients prefer hospice are:
1. no one likes to die at the hospital. everyone wants to stay with their family during the last few months. but unfortunately, most terminally ill patients die at the hospital, supported by life support systems. on the other hand, the hospice team tries to fulfill all the wishes of their patients and does everything possible to give them a comfortable and dignified death.
2. it also makes life much easier for the family of the victim. the hospice team will take care of everything. hence, instead of running to the hospital everyday and worrying about the treatment, you will get to spend quality time with the patient.
3. in case of any emergency, you can call them immediately. they are available 24x7, and will come down to your house as soon as possible.
4. the work of a hospice team doesn’t end after the death of the patient. even after that, they will provide counseling sessions to you and your family members, so that you can quickly recover from the loss. they will also assist you with the after death formalities.
generally, medicare or medicaid covers all the hospice expenses. even if you don’t have any insurance, you can still go for it, if you want.
additional infomation:
hospice of kitsap county located here: https://www.multicare.org/news/multicare-acquires-hospice-kitsap-county/
anxious over loved ones care?  find help here: http://www.panicattackrelief.net
 



end of lifehospicehospice carehospice team





how to find a good assisted living facility

posted on 2017-03-30 by riley garrett 


in olden days, the life of senior was routed only to nursing homes or hospital. and, the rest of seniors can live alone in their homes without any care and support. that loneliness can affect on their mental and physical health. but, they require assistance, even in carrying of everything that are the part of their daily routine. they are unable to perform these tasks as they become physically and mentally tired with their age grows. in the old age, a person needs complete care and assistance with love and support. as a child, that is your responsibility to provide them all those facilities that they need for their daily purpose.
and, the best option for them is assisted living. assisted living is a term that is usually used in conjunction with senior citizens homes. it includes all the important facilities that an elderly need to live an independent life. it contains assistance with the daily activities of life, helping them with the administration of medication or personal care and monitoring of activities by trained staff, to ensure that the residents can live a secure and independent life. they provide the quality of life that the elderly actually need.
however, the decision to place their elders into an assisted living is one of the toughest jobs a person can ever be asked to make. but, it can be resulted as your best decision when your seniors will enjoy their life in these types of homes. this is the best place for them to live a better life than homes, or nursing homes. the assisted living providers can even help them to recover with their mental or physical disability by healing their life from loneliness. they can get the opportunity to meet with their same age group persons, and share their feelings and happiness with them.  they can even live their life without any restriction and hassle.
the important question that comes in everyone’s mind is how to find the best assisted living. and for that, the best option is the internet. anyone can easily find out the best assisted living with the help of internet. almost every best assisted living providers have their official website that includes every information about them, such as their services, activities information, living cost, infrastructure of homes, medical facilities and so on. that can help you to choose the right one that suits according to your needs and requirements. finding an assisted living becomes very easy with the help of the internet.
source: free articles from articlesfactory.com



assisted living





benefits of air purifiers for seniors

posted on 2017-03-062017-03-06 by riley garrett 






are you a senior concerned about your wellness or do you know somebody who is? respiratory complications are a critical danger for seniors but there is good news. read how an air purifier within the home can clean the air of particles that trigger health problems for seniors.
as seniors get older, they become much more prone to disease. colds are harder to avoid and pneumonia is one of the leading causes of death among the elderly. there are, nevertheless, precautions seniors can take to reduce their risk of colds and other respiratory diseases.
like anybody else, seniors can profit from frequent exercise and a healthy diet. seniors do need to be careful concerning exercise. depending on their fitness and abilities, they might need to consult a doctor before taking on any regular workout program.
an excellent precaution against respiratory difficulties in the elderly is an air purifier. an air cleaner will remove particles from the air such as smoke pollen pet dander and dust. there are even air purifiers that will destroy dangerous bacteria. bacterial infections are particularly dangerous for the elderly and can lead to severe medical complications.
if you’re a senior citizen and you happen to be thinking about the purchase of an air purifier for yourself, you may want to speak to your health care provider. although most health care providers aren’t experts on these purifiers, they should be able to help you decide what you’ll need. for example, they might recommend that you purchase an air purifier that not only filters, but also kills dangerous bacteria.
if you’re interested in buying an air purifier for a senior citizen who you know or are related to, you may want to do a little bit of homework before making that investment. think about the size of the room in which the air filter will be used, the overall expense of the unit, which includes filters, as well as the overall quality of the air cleaner that you’re considering buying.






it makes sense to do your research on line. learn the advantages of hepa filters, filters with humidifiers, and filters designed specifically for households with smokers, pets or allergy sufferers. click http://www.airhumidifierpurifier.org for information about air purifiers for your home.
article source: http://www.articlebiz.com






air purifiersdangerous bacteriasenior health






categories

general health

hospice care

senior health



february 2025


s
s
m
t
w
t
f



1234567


891011121314


15161718192021


22232425262728



« apr
 
 


latest care news


health benefits of bone broth for babies


how to find a good assisted living facility


benefits of air purifiers for seniors


what you need to know about hospice


 




							powered by govpress, the wordpress theme for government.					













