



wilderness survival and safety training































safe snowcat operator training


home




cold weather survival training


desert/hot weather survival training


wind tower climbing and rescue training


comm tower climbing and rescue training


aircraft pilot survival training


aeromedical crew survival training


customized training programs




library


contact us















snowcat operator training





survival training





cold weather survival training


desert and hot weather survival training







tower safety/rescue training





wind tower climbing and rescue training


communication tower climbing and rescue training







aircraft survival training





aircraft pilot survival training


aeromedical survival training







more





customized training


information resource library


contact us































enviro-tech international





lifesaving wilderness survival and safety training for people working in difficult environments around the world








wilderness survival and safety training







join enviro-tech international (eti) for lifesaving wilderness survival and safety training for people working in demanding environments across the globe. since 1981 eti has offered a wide range of high-quality wilderness survival and safety training. our programs meet the needs of specialized industries and organizations that operate in remote and challenging environments in the united states and abroad. we offer courses in hot and cold weather survival, tower climbing safety and rescue, wilderness and high-angle rope rescue, wind tower safety and rescue, snowcat safety, and aircraft pilot and crew survival. we specialize in on-site training, tailored to meet the specific needs of the organizations we serve.

for over 40 years, eti has worked with utility companies, electrical power providers, and their cooperatives; the telecommunications industry; the oil and gas industry; search and rescue groups; state transportation departments; the us military; and federal, state, and local government agencies. our experience with these industries gives us unique insights into the difficult conditions these people face each day.

if your organization is challenged by tough assignments in remote areas or close to home, personnel may be exposed to extreme conditions of cold and heat or the high-angle hazards of working at heights on towers and structures. knowing and applying basic survival and safety techniques can avert many dangers faced daily. eti's training courses are designed to provide vital skills and knowledge that are critical to any safety program involving people in challenging environments.

whether patrolling remote power lines in a snowcat or climbing a communications tower close to home, eti can provide valuable training that will make working in these unique environments safe and more productive. standard training packages include both classroom and field sessions, with an emphasis on practical training in the field. shorter classroom-only training sessions are also available. whether you're working in the united states or abroad, we have a training package to suit your operation.











label 5





follow these links to learn more about our training programs




contact us
enviro-tech international
p.o. box 2135â 
montrose, co 81402

(970) 200-4868
email






















â© copyright enviro-tech international 1996-2025







cold weather survival


desert & hot weather survivalâ 


snowcat operator training


wind tower climbing & rescue




comm tower climbing & rescue


aeromedical crew survivalâ 


aircraft pilot survival


resource library



customized training







