



















park place baptist church






















home



                about
              

ppbc staff
mission statement
general information
what do we believe?
new to park place?
park place christian academy
download sermon notes




                ministries
              

d-groups
women's ministry
music ministry
children's ministry
student ministry
college ministry
adult ministry
seniors ministry



missions




online giving











come worship with us.


sundays at 9:00 & 10:30am & wednesdays at 6:00pm
plan your visit





 
 






    
            
wednesday nightswalking through the old testament








date: may 10
speaker: dr. ivan parke
book: 1 & 2 samuel



date: may 17
speaker:dr. ivan parke
book: 1 & 2 kings


date: may 24
speaker: tba
book: 1 & 2 chronicles


date: may 31
speaker: tba
book: ezra


date: june 7
speaker: tba
book: nehemiah


date: june 7
speaker: dr. vanhorn
book: esther


date: june 14
speaker: dr. vanhorn
book: esther


date: june 21
speaker: dr. ivan parke
book: job part 1


date: june 28
speaker: dr. ivan parke
book: job part 2


date: july 5
speaker: dr. dan panter
                  psalms


date: july 12
speaker: dr. dan panter
book: proverbs


date: july 19
speaker: kyle thompson
book: ecclesiastes - part 1


date: july 26
speaker: kyle thompson
book: ecclesiastes part -2





close



















              register for glow games 2025              
            


              during the glow games, children are divided into one of five different colored teams, who then compete for points throughout the evening in special glow-in-the-dark games as each team tries to win the ultimate glow games prize – the glowphy. this is an exciting free event, and any 1st-6th grader is welcome to attend!
              
date and time - friday, february 21 from 6:00-8:30 p.m.
drop off and pick up will be at the park place baptist church gym (an adult must be present for both)
supper will not be provided, but we will have a snack/devotion time towards the end of the night




              click here to register!  



 
 











              watch our latest sunday morning sermon.
            


              watch our latest sermon or view past sermons by going to our youtube channel, make sure you hit the "subscribe" button, to follow park place baptist church. click here to get sermon notes and view previous sermons.
            



              go to youtube channel  




















 
 
 















              sermon notes              
            


              watch our latest sermon or view past sermons by going to our sermon notes archive. click here to get sermon notes and view previous sermons.
            


              click here to get sermon notes  



 
 














 

d-groups

click here for more information.












 

music ministry

click here for more information.












 

childrens ministry

click here for more information.












 
student ministry

click here for more information.














 

college ministry

click here for more information.












 

adult ministry

click here for more information.












 

seniors ministry

click here for more information.












 
missions

click here for more information.













check out some of our upcoming events.



              get involved, we have plenty of events where you can fit in.
            


 










children's ministry - park place kids - notes and nations


                        a new semester of notes & nations has begun for 1st - 6th graders! we will be gathering in the game room beginning at 5:30 p.m. each wednesday for fellowship and table games. the kids will transition to boatner hall at 6:00 p.m., where they proceed as normal with notes & nations. the childrens ministry always has different events planned, if you need more information please contact jeff jones (601-939-6282 church office).
                      



vip - volunteers in preschool


                        our vip (volunteers in preschool) ministry always needs volunteers!!!! this ministry is for members to volunteer once every several weeks to keep our preschoolers during sunday morning services. obviously, the more volunteers we have, the less you are scheduled to work. please consider this very important ministry!! 
                        contact person - sarah scoggin (601-939-6282 church office)




wednesday volunteers in preschool - around the world with koko! 


                        wednesday nights/sunday school teachers - due to a great attendance on wednesdays, and lots of young families, korbi could definitely use some extra help!
                        contact person - korbi mcqueary (601-939-6282 church office)



women only - prayer partners

                      please consider becoming a prayer partner (for women only) with one of the female offenders participating in the seminary program at mississippi correctional institute for women. your willingness to pray and encourage a partner would be a huge part of her success on her journey. a sign-up sheet and guidelines are available at the welcome center.
                      



d-group


                      d-group: if you are interested in joining or hosting a discipleship group in 2024 please contact michael holyfield at mholyfield@ppbc.net.
                      



the journey - a study of 40 significant events in the old testament


                       it's not to late to join... wednesdays at 6:00 p.m. in the sanctuary. everyone is encouraged to participate in the journey - a study of 40 significant events in the old testament. from creation to the intertestamental period, we will journey together through old testament times and learn about important historical and theological events that impacted lives back then, and even our lives today. booklets are available at the chruch office today!
                      



wednesday evening church-wide fellowship meals


                        wednesday evening church-wide fellowship meals will resume august 7. if you are interested in leading or being a part of a cooking team for the fall, please contact judy mcphail at 601-941-4458.
                      



the going gospel - a sermon series on the book of acts


                        the going gospel - a sermon series on the book of acts - may god use this series to help us to better understand his mighty movement of his holy spirit using followers of jesus to spread the gospel, save countless lost people, establish a healthy pattern for the early church, and glorify his great name! sermon binders will be available.
                      









 
 




 









        come worship with us.
      




sunday activities




sunday school: 7:45 a.m., 9:00 a.m. & 10:30 a.m.                
              
worship services: 9:00 a.m. & *10:30 a.m. - sanctuary                                
              
* asl services during the 10:30 a.m. service
            





wednesday activities




              midweek prayer & bible study: *6:00 p.m. 
              
              on campus (sanctuary)
              
* asl services during the 6:00 p.m. service
            





other park place baptist church sites





                park place baptist church childrens site
              


                park place christian academy
              

ppbc on facebook
                


ppbc on x/twitter
                







location





                5701 hwy 80 east
                pearl, ms 39208
              


phone:  601-939-6282


e-mail:  info@ppbc.net
              








tv broadcast sundays at 9:30 a.m.

channel 11 & 1035 comcast / channel 35 - directtv & uverse | youtube livestream available on sundays at 10:30 a.m. 
















