











the berlage – home




































the berlage



the berlage.








navigation


events


apply


courses


program


about









 



home









open house 
–

the berlage studio

 
thu, 20 feb—14:30-18:30
the berlage open house

 















open house 
–

the berlage studio

 
thu, 20 feb—14:30-18:30
the berlage open house

 









final presentationproject thesis 
–

orange room

 
thu, 20 feb—17:00
the medical complex
finissage
 









keynote 
–

orange room

 
thu, 20 feb—18:30
the miner memorial hospitals in appalachia 1953–1958
joy knoblauch
 




















the medical complex


thursday, january 23–thursday, february 20, 2025orange roomthe berlage is pleased to present the medical complex, an exhibition examining healthcare for the twenty-first century. based on a collective thesis project undertaken by twelve international students, it explores a comprehensive approach to prevention, diagnosis, treatment, wellbeing, fitness, and care, with each student designing specific departments or integrated systems within the complex. set on the site of tony garnier's édouard herriot hospital in lyon, originally completed in 1933 and currently undergoing renovations, the project leverages lyon's central role in france's biomedical industry and its strategic location between turin and lausanne. 

















project nl: coast atlas


thursday 23 january 2025 – friday 21 february 2025corridor 01.oost.700this exhibition puts on display the publication coast atlas, an investigation and documentation into the physical transformation of a section of the south holland coastline, from hoek van holland to katwijk aan zee. it is the third iteration of the berlage's long-standing project nl design-research course in collaboration with allmaps and the tu delft library. the course is structured in three parts: first, collecting, categorizing, and annotating archival materials to document the spatial changes related to the specific themes; second, analyzing and translating these transformations into synthetic drawings, developing arguments that identify architectural and landscape design questions related to territorial developments in the dutch coastal area, and approaches taken in response; and third, summarizing the findings through a physical exhibition, a digital application, a publication, and a final event. this comprehensive approach allows students to engage with the culture of shaping the environment in the netherlands, particularly focusing on coastal transformations over time.https://coastatlas.theberlage.nl 















an anatomical model for the medical complex


the berlage is pleased to announce its upcoming third design charrette of project thesis entitled “an anatomical model for the medical complex” led by ana herreros, co-founder of solar together with guests such as pablo saiz del rio, vivien rotie, md2 architects and kal-a.the design charrete, to be held from wednesday, 11 december to friday, december 20 will challenge students to design and build a set of physical anatomical models that describe the spatial components of the medical complex. by drawing parallels between the human body and buildings, students will elucidate aspects of their designed healthcare facility inspired by the complexity and elegance of anatomical structures. similar in logic to the anatomical models used in medical education, these models will consist of removable and dissectible parts to allow inspection of internal structures, changeable components, and color-coding or labeling to highlight specific "anatomical features" of the healthcare facility.image: half-scale wax anatomical venus likely to have been a study for the iconic dissectible medici venus at la specola. source: wellcome library. 

















the berlage open house


join us for the berlage virtual open house to discover more about studying at the berlage and our post-msc in architecture and urban design. this event provides an excellent opportunity to engage with our director of studies, salomon frausto, along with faculty, current students, and alumni.the berlage virtual open house will feature a series of presentations, discussions, and q&a sessions that highlight the unique character of the berlage. additionally, we will offer virtual tours of our facilities, allowing you to experience our inspiring environment firsthand. don’t miss this chance to learn about our innovative teaching methods and the exciting topics being explored within our program. we look forward to welcoming you online!please register here to attend. after you complete your registration, you will receive the link to join the berlage virtual open house a few days prior to the event. 















narratives from the medical complex


a film trailer for the medical complex, an ongoing collective thesis project, originated from the "clinical trial: narratives from the medical complex" master class led by edwin zwakman. 


















building health: architectures of the medical complex


this afternoon symposium was the first in a series of public events organized for the fall 2024 semester as part of the medical complex, a collective architecture project examining the spatial implications of twenty-first century prevention, diagnosis, treatment, wellbeing, fitness, research, and care through the collective design of a healthcare.presentations by piergianna mazzocca, doctoral candidate, history of architecture and urban development program, cornell university; jules schoonman, digital curator, academic heritage, tu delft library; alberto geuna, design leader and head of research and development, lvng design, turin; birgitte hanson, lecturer, faculty of architecture and the built environment, tu delft; and james flaus, msc student, faculty of architecture and the built environment, tu delft. 















let's document a picnic!


as a way to get to know each other during this first week of our fall 2024 program at the berlage and familiarize with the physical surroundings of the city you’ve come to study, students are asked to plan, design, and execute an afternoon picnic in the lake. they will work in groups and as a collective to develop the picnic throughout the week, from the design and mounting of the setting to the planning, shopping, and cooking of the menu. given that collective work is an integral part of the berlage curriculum, this week is the first opportunity to start getting to know each other and learn how to work together.image: the berlage picnic, introduction week, fall 2023. 














the berlage end-of-the-year film screening


last friday, june 28th we organized our end-of-the-year film screening at kino in rotterdam where we presented works realized throughout the 2023–2024 academic year including pressed & polished, a documentary about olives being transformed into soap and marble into gravestones; the only woman in the room, a horror film about gender inequality and workplace design; amongst others. 














pressed & polished, a documentary film about marble and olives in greece


greece, renowned for its olives and marble. follow pressed & polished as it traces the journey from extraction to creation, presenting olives transformed into soap and marble into gravestones. discover the blend of tradition and technology, and witness how waste and consumption shape the country’s landscape. this film is part of a course led by juan benavides, sanne van den breemer, salomon frausto, and benjamin groothuijse, the work investigates production and distribution landscapes in the orient/east–med corridor through the lens of the region’s key natural resources of marble and olives. 















spaces through colonial objects


on friday june 21st, students presented the results of the proseminar "spaces through colonial objects," led by rachel lee green with invited guests peggy deamer, maria novas, and sarita sundar. 

















her office


on friday june 21st, students presented the results of the proseminar "her office," led by amy thomas with ollie palmer, and invited guests peggy deamer, maria novas, and sarita sundar.image: still from the horror film "the only woman in the room." 















project global: the logistics of marble and olives


project global: the logistics of marble and olives will be exhibited until september in the department of architecture corridor, located on the first floor of the tu delft’s faculty of architecture and the built environment’s eastern wing.presented in the three wall vitrines in the exhibition, the twelve projects are categorized into three themes based on the design aspects they address: rethinking cultural value, solidifying monetary value, and establishing environmental value.the exhibition design explores the transposition of a physical image to digital space, rejecting the immediate reading of the content and commenting on how and where images are experienced today. albeit the most revealing parts of each cinemagraph, the inner frames are concealed behind a sticker. this obstructed content is then viewable only online through qr codes, linking the physical prints to their digital counterparts. 

















events from the archive, updated continuously


visit our catalog of more than 200 lectures and events 


















2024 berlage dutch scholarship


each year, the berlage awards a scholarship to an outstanding dutch graduate from one of the universities or academies in the netherlands. the scholarship is established to support dutch students who demonstrate academic excellence and wish to join the berlage's international, one-and-a-half-year english-language post-master of science degree program in architecture and urban design. the scholarship waives the full tuition fee for the degree program from september 2024 to january 2026.applicants should be graduates from a dutch master program in architecture or urbanism and must have achieved excellent study results. as an indication, the student will be among the top 10% of the master's program that was followed. students can only apply for the scholarship if they meet these criteria. for inquiries, please reach out to info@theberlage.nlapplication deadline: july 1, 2024.read more 















why le corbusier?


the berlage is pleased to announce its upcoming theory master class entitled “why le corbusier?” led by tim benton, writer, broadcaster, and professor emeritus in the history of art at the open university. the master class, to be held from monday, april 15 to friday, april 26, will explore and interrogate le corbusier’s texts, his lectures, his buildings, his paintings and decorative works, and will ask participants to use their imagination to build a creative response that confronts selected topics, problems, and controversies. the two-week-long program will be complemented by lectures and discussions with international guests, and be concluded with a public event and exhibition in the orange room on friday, april 26. 














announcing "in and out of scale"


the berlage sessions is a thematic seven-part seminar series focusing on scholarly research and critical approaches to the history and theory of architecture and urban design. this spring 2024 series, entitled “in and out of scale,” examines select ideas and projects that reconsider the scalar relationships of the built environment, from radio transmission and television broadcasting to the model and the chair. organized from the large to small scale, topics will include the remote transmission of information in the cold war; televangelical spaces—worship sites, churches, hospitals, university campuses—that were either retrofitted to accommodate television or designed explicitly for its technology between the late 1950s and the early 1980s; the various interpretations and misinterpretations of “artificial land” in postwar japan; how the construction of new garden cities not only scaled up building commissions but also created new local economies; on the staging of miniature landscapes for large-scale photographs; how scale models were used as descriptive instruments in nineteenth-century london; and a consideration of how the indian planter’s chair affirms past influences while also sensitively converses with the present. speakers will include rachel julia engler, jesse honsa, casey mack, sarita sundar, alfredo thiermann, matthew wells, and edwin zwakman. 











project nl: city atlas


the exhibition city atlas explores six emblematic sites of urban transformation in amsterdam from the late-sixteenth century to the present, from the adaptation or renovation of buildings and blocks to the demolition and reconstruction of whole streets and neighborhoods. city atlas will be exhibited in the department of architecture corridor, located on the first floor of the eastern wing of the tu delft’s faculty of architecture and the built environment, from tuesday, january 30 to thursday, february 15. the work is developed in collaboration with tu delft library and allmaps. cityatlas.theberlage.nl 

















thomas weaver presents "behind the book"


the berlage sessions, a seven-part seminar series entitled “about the book,” concluded last friday, january 27, with a reflection on how and for whom architectural history is written. 


















a mosque, a church, a tower, and a gallery


the berlage keynotes with angelo candalepas, november 23, 2023. 


















on amaza lee meredith imagines herself modern


the berlage sessions with jacqueline taylor, december 15, 2023. 















the berlage design master class entitled "unfinished building" led by dyvik kahlen


on friday, november 17, the berlage design master class entitled “unfinished building” led by dyvik kahlen, concluded with a public event and exhibition tour in the orange room. participants explored building proposals of unfinished and adaptable nature by making large, crude timber models in scale 1:25. the fortnight began with drawing and designing by hand in excessive iterations, relating to references, understanding scale and proportion, trusting their intuition. translating drawing to object, the constructed models explore essential building elements, structural logic, and paneling. six “unfinished buildings” will be on display in the medallion at the model hall until friday, december 1, each represented in one model, three drawings (plan, section, elevation), and two photographs (exterior and interior).image: three exterior views, photographs by rubén dario kleimeer 














the berlage pays tribute to architectural historian jean-louis cohen


the berlage pays tribute to architectural historian jean-louis cohen (1949–2023), a long-time friend and collaborator, who will be greatly missed. he most recently held a visiting professorship, from september 2020 to january 2021, at the tu delft’s faculty of architecture and the built environment, and previously chaired the berlage’s program committee. on display is “twelve imaginary cities,” a set of illustrative plates resulting from a design-research assignment he taught; and “an architecture of section: seven interpretive models,” a set of model-objects our students contributed to “constructed geographies: paulo mendes da rocha” exhibition, curated by jean-louis and vanessa grossman. 














an architecture of section: seven interpretive models


the berlage is pleased to announced its contribution, entitled to “an architecture of section: seven interpretive models,” to the exhibition “constructed geographies: paulo mendes da rocha.” fourteen international students delved into paulo mendes de rocha’s archives to produce a comparative series of model-objects that analyze seven of his buildings. they explored the structural geometry of each building and the respective connections of sky and ground, of man to space, of interior to exterior, of form to matter, of culture to geography. this work was completed as part of the “architecture, nature, and the americas: the work of paulo mendes da rocha” proseminar taught by vanessa grossman in spring 2023 at the berlage.photo credit: jesse verdoes for the berlage 

















visit our archive to rewatch the berlage sessions spring 2023 series "money talks"


this spring’s series, entitled “money talks,” looked at the architecture associated with the storing, trading, management, digitization, and centralization of money. speakers included daniel m. abramson, herman van bergeijk, martin gran, carol patterson, lauren s. weingarden, amy thomas, and stephanie williams. 


















this spring semester, our keynote speakers included guy nordenson, office winhov, dyvik kahlen, alice bucknell, studio mnm, and adamo-faiden.


the berlage keynotes is an ongoing lecture series featuring internationally prominent architects, designers, and thinkers who are at the forefront of design discourse and innovation. a selection of speakers working from different disciplinary perspectives and in different geographic, cultural, and political contexts present how their work engages with contemporary issues and debates. 


















"ways of worlding" concluding event and exhibition


last friday, april 21, the berlage theory master class led by alice bucknell entitled “ways of worlding” concluded with a public event and exhibition in room k. throughout the two weeks, students explored multiple narrative and aesthetic strategies for making worlds, traversing architecture, ecology, technology, philosophy, magic, game engines, and collaborations with artificial intelligence. to rewatch the walking tour live stream, please visit the berlage’s instagram profile.photography by nien yang 


















project global: the logistics of milk and timber


on thursday, april 6, students presented part 1 of "project global: the logistics of milk and timber," in conversation with caroline sohie, diederik de koning, and matiss groskaufmanis. part of a course led by juan benavides, sanne van den breemer, salomon frausto, and benjamin groothuijse, the work investigates production and distribution landscapes in the north sea–baltic corridor through the lens of the region’s key natural resources of milk and timber. the presentation included the screening of the documentary "moving milk & timber," filmed in estonia, which follows the path of the most profitable product of each resource: fresh milk and prefabricated wooden houses. 


















from the berlage archive


on may 2023, martin gran from snøhetta presented the lecture "on the banknote" as part of our spring 2023 berlage sessions entitled "money talks." 















announcing "money talks"


this spring’s series, entitled “money talks,” looks at the architecture associated with the storing, trading, management, digitization, and centralization of money. topics will include the history of the bank of england, the competition for a new commodity exchange in amsterdam, the design of banknotes, the commissioning of the headquarters of one of the largest banking and financial services institutions in the world, the post-war development of london’s financial center, among others. speakers will include daniel m. abramson, herman van bergeijk, martin gran, carol patterson, lauren s. weingarden, amy thomas, and stephanie williams.image: interior view of main lobby showing eastern arch, national farmers’ bank of owatonna, louis sullivan, 1907–1919. 














on march 9, we kicked off our spring berlage keynote series with a lecture by guy nordenson


this spring semester, speakers include guy nordenson, office winhov, dyvik kahlen, alice bucknell, studio mnm, luis fernandez-galiano, and adamo-faiden.the lecture is avalable online at theberlage.nl/archive 














ways of worlding led by alice bucknell


the berlage is pleased to announce its upcoming theory master class entitled “ways of worlding” led by alice bucknell with contributions by lawrence lek, sahej rahal, and elvia wilk. what is a world and how is it made? how can the creative and critical practice of worldbuilding help us imagine alternative visions for the present and future worlds to come? in this two-week-long masterclass, north american artist and writer alice bucknell will introduce participants to multiple narrative and aesthetic strategies for making worlds, traversing architecture, ecology, technology, philosophy, magic, game engines, and collaborations with artificial intelligence. the two weeks will be complemented by a series of public lectures and will conclude with a public event and exhibition on friday, april 21. 

















a walk through the thesis exhibition fashion house


fashion house is a collective thesis project anticipating an alternative future for the fashion industry in five emerging european fashion centers in and around berlin, marseille, rotterdam, valencia, and zurich.click here to visit the exhibition 















river atlas, an exhibition in the department of architecture corridor


river atlas culminates the fall 2023 incarnation of the berlage’s long-standing project nl course organized in collaboration with tu delft library and allmaps. an attempt to understand the river landscapes of the netherlands—not as givens but rather products of complex sets of decisions, negotiations, aspirations, and at times arbitrary events—it traces broader historical shifts such as the enlightenment’s effort to engineer nature, moments of hesitation, and gradual aspirations for coexistence.river atlas will be exhibited in the department of architecture corridor, located on the first floor of the tu delft’s faculty of architecture and the built environment’s eastern wing, from tuesday, january 31 to wednesday, march 1. 














river atlas, in collaboration with allmaps


for the river atlas, the berlage collaborated with allmaps, a platform of open source tools for curating, georeferencing and exploring digitized maps. allmaps works on the basis of the international image interoperability framework (iiif), which is implemented by an increasing number of libraries and archives worldwide in order to share their digital collectionshttp://riveratlas.theberlage.nl 

















we wrote a master plan, on a piece of paper, but we lost it.


the berlage is pleased to announce its upcoming design master class from november 7–18, entitled "we wrote a master plan, on a piece of paper, but we lost it," led by bristol-based duo john wood and paul harrison. the two weeks will conclude with a public event, film screening, and performance on friday, november 18. john wood and paul harrison make things that move and things that don't, things that are flat and things that are not, things that are mildly amusing and things that are definitely not. they make works that form a kind of reference manual for how to do, make, build, or draw things that you probably never want to do, make, build, or draw. they do it for you. even though you don't need them to. this attempt to compile an encyclopedia of the everyday, started in 1993 after they met at art college. john wood (b.1969, hong kong) and paul harrison (b.1966, wolverhampton) follow the development of the master class in our instagram profile. 















plan b, plan c, plan d, plan e, plan f, plan g, plan h, plan i, plan j, plan k, plan l, plan m, plan n, plan o, plan p, plan q, plan r, plan s, plan t, plan u, plan v, plan w, plan x, plan y, plan z.


this public event and exhibition concluded the design master class, entitled "we wrote a master plan, on a piece of paper, but we lost it," led by bristol-based duo john wood and paul harrison. throughout the two weeks, students explored ideas of space, performance, composition, comedy, and movement, which manifested themselves in four films, four structures, and four manifestos. 















announcing "architecture's transpositions"


the fall 2022 berlage sessions, a seven-part seminar series, examines disciplinary mediatic transfers, from sixteenth-century abstracted geometries to twenty-first-century augmented realities. topics will include histories of drawing and writing; the usage of digital images and replicas to enhance spatial experience; and the modeling and capturing of buildings. speakers will include noam andrews, philippa lewis, kory bieg, bert spaan, scanlab projects, lucia tahan, and cristóbal palma.jean dubreuil, perspective grid in us, 1710. 

















contribution to the 10th architecture biennale rotterdam


together the collective projects travel agency, supermarket, and fashion house explore the spatial implications of the three largest global industries: tourism, food, and fashion; they speculate on contemporary architecture's capacity to push the boundaries of material cultures and natural resources.the contribution is part of the exhibition future generation in the keilezaal which showcases a group of young design practitioners representing the promise for a hopeful future, both in the short-term and in the long run.www.iabr.nl 


















honorable mention at the venice architecture film festival


our alumna ana herreros has won an honorable mention at the venice architecture film festival 2022, with her film "wrapping a room," produced during the master class led by beka and lemoine in spring 2021. 















the auto drives architecture


the faculty of architecture and the built environment is pleased to announce its contribution, entitled the auto drives architecture, to the exhibition “motion. autos, art, architecture," curated by the norman foster foundation and held at the guggenheim museum bilbao from april 8 to september 18, 2022.
how will the future car transform the architecture associated with twentieth–century highways and interchanges, from gas stations and car washes to parking garages and motels? what new types of architecture will emerge alongside the future car in the second half of the twenty-first century? how will the private space of the car continue to merge with the public realm? 

















a cinematic road trip


traveling from an underground parking garage, filling station, drive-in pick-up point, drive-thru shopping mall, motel, and ridesharing hub, to a drive-in funeral home, drive-in cinema, battery replacement center, autocamp, car wash, and showroom, the animation tells the story of how the future car—a mini, the exemplar of car designed for efficiency in the face of environmental crisis—could offer design opportunities for our buildings, cities, infrastructures, and territories.
the faculty of architecture and the built environment's contribution to the exhibition “motion. autos, art, architecture," curated by the norman foster foundation and held at the guggenheim museum bilbao from april 8 to september 18, 2022.
research project team: juan benavides, salomon frausto, dick van gameren, and kees kaan 















supermarket


supermarket is a collective project on the spatial implications of the food industry in the netherlands and beyond, redesigning this now considered essential architecture to entail a paradigm shift in its journey towards optimization, sustainability, and health consciousness. it imagines a future supermarket that integrates retail experience with distribution, supply chains, and product display to ensure a fric-tionless future for conscious consumers; while, at the same time, creating a new civic presence for the city and its residents. the envisioned supply chain for the future super-market commences with the blue banana, enhancing the position of the netherlands– one of the world’s largest food exporters and home to world-class research institutions–in this urbanized trade corridor.
contributions by georgia katsi, maria finagina, ana herreros cantis, michael tjia, heng yu, jacklyn mickey, maria christopoulou, jin young chang, ryan ridge rahardja, and nishi shah 















travel agency


travel agency is a collective thesis project that speculates on the spatial implications of tourism  on norway in a post-petroleum economy. thirteen contributions—spread across the fjord of bergen, the mountain of kvitfjell, and the island of andøya—respond to the specificity of each of these locations; while, at the same time, rethinking the relationship between the front and back stages of the global tourism industry. from second homes to space transportation and everywhere in between, all thirteen contributions commit in a critical way to norway’s anticipated economic transition as well as the often-overlooked realities of tourism. presented in publication, exhibition, and events, the imagined destinations of travel agency will take you on a varied journey across bergen, kvitfjell, and andøya to arrive at a future norway.
contributions by santiago ardila, juan benavides, daniella camarena, stef dingen, marco fusco, jack garay arauzo, theodora gelali, shaiwanti gupta, sheng-hao hsu, marianthi papangelopoulou, felipe quintero, gent shehu, and siyuan wang. 















territories of intertextuality


in fall 2020, jean-louis cohen taught the proseminar “territories of intertextuality: a transurban perspective on city form." since ancient times, cities have never ceased observing each other, as patterns and structures have been displaced across borders and oceans. the seminar considered how most large cities contain fragments borrowed from others: roman layouts have shaped versailles and st. petersburg, while “little parises” have proliferated in latin america or the balkans. 

















a journey round my room led by bêka & lemoine


the films produced during the 2021 theory master class led by bêka & lemoine are now available online at ajourneyroundmyroom-theberlage.nl. the master class explored the unprecedented proximity and familiarity we have with our daily domestic environments in the wake of the successive lockdowns. revisiting xavier de maistre’s eccentric 1794 novel entitled "a journey round my room," one of the first examples of a literature of confinement, participants investigated film as way to bring to experience, understanding, and narration of space that other kinds of representational media—such as plans, sections, elevations, or photographs—cannot.
photo by juan benavides. 









the berlage center for advanced studies
in architecture and urban design
delft university of technology 


julianalaan 134
2628bl delft (nl)
get directions
+31 15 278 2384
info@theberlage.nl 



                  twitter                

                  facebook                

                  vimeo                

                  instagram                










                  privacy policy                













