










triazzle: brain teaser puzzles for kids & adults, made in usa























×





you can now purchase the newest line of triazzle brain teaser puzzlesonline at







studioforhelios.com








 

  




toggle navigation








home

triazzles  

channel craft line
thinkfun line
triazzle iphone




legacy
hints
contact



 
 
shop at our new store for everything triazzle!
including our new apparel line & more


the world’s most beautiful brain teaserpuzzle is harder than it looks
since 1991 the triazzle brain teaser has brought joy to millions of enthusiasts around the world. from grade school children to college graduates it offers a seemingly simple challenge . . . can you assemble the triangles with all pictures matching? it may look easy but its "harder than it looks!"now the multi-award-winning brain teaser offers you brand new ways to feel the dazzle! check out our new collection tray puzzles, the first ever wooden travel triazzles, and the exciting new line of apparel and accessories based on decades of our beautiful art and design.read more news below!visit the exciting new store!





 










 
how it works
the object is simply to place the triangular pieces into the frame with all pictures matching. there are many possibilities where to place the triangles but only one will lead to the correct solution. triazzle challenges strategic thinking, memory and even willingness to risk.  variations of the brain teaser have been made for all ages. triazzle has won numerous awards including dr. toy's best classic toys, oppenheimer toy portfolio, newsweek editors choice award, ilounge top 100 iphone games and many more.




 
the art of puzzles
stunning imagery has, from it's inception been a hallmark of the triazzle series. since 1991, artwork for triazzle has been created by dan gilbert and by illustrators at the "art group". most have been nature themes including all manner of insects, sealife, reptiles and amphibians, icky animals, tropical birds, the solar system and much more. triazzle has also featured licensed art including pixar's toy story, the simpsons, disney's alice in wonderland, finding nemo, peter pan, marvin the martian and star trek. 




 
who plays triazzle?
triazzle is easy to play but difficult to solve and it attracts players of all ages. the same puzzles are enjoyed by children and grandparent, and are being used to teach statistics in a college classroom. they are a favorite activity for cooperative learning and the perfect pastime for students who have finished their assignments early. once someone starts playing with a few pieces they cannot put it down. the new series features all unique solutions, so each puzzle is totally different.





triazzle news






 

the first american-made, wooden triazzle collection from channel craft, the preeminent purveyor of hand-crafted wooden toys.
read more




 

buy triazzle puzzles, wearable art apparel, accessories, prints and home décor products at our exclusive shop! coming soon!                                 
visit the store




 

thinkfun, the worlds leading maker of brain-teaser puzzles acquires the worldwide triazzle license and launches 3 classic designs.
read more




 

award-winning triazzle iphone is coming back optimized for your new phone!
read more









some of our awards



 


 


 


 


 


 








 


 


 


 


join our mailing list



 customer    
							
 retailer
						

join




dan gilbert's triazzle brain teaser puzzles, matching puzzles, jigsaw puzzles
   ©1991-2022 dreamship inc. all rights reserved
    santa rosa, sonoma county california
   t: (707) 791-3161
    info [at] triazzle [dot] com   
website design and development by artisan website design












