



home










classic sport horses, llc

bring home a classic today















home





             











             



















            classic 
            sport horses developed from a vision and deep faith. our unwavering 
            commitment to our vision has allowed us to continue to grow. our 
            continued vision to breed, train, represent and sell exceptional 
            sport horses at a reasonable price has enabled classic sport horses 
            to have another banner year at our blessed farm in marathon, ny. 
            classic sport horses continues to grow and we feel honored that 
            people are entrusting their horses to us.

            this coming year our horses will again be hitting the show ring with 
            great fanfare. maverick, now age 12 is an exceptional dressage 
            horse. miracle, our stallion is continuing this work as a combined 
            driving horse.  queenie, our imported irish mare will be making a 
            name of herself in the high jumpers and our youngsters will show 
            everyone what a “classic sport horse” has to offer!


            our mares are continuing to produce marvelous foals and we look 
            forward to more fruitful years of breeding. our foal kindergarten 
            training programs and other training programs are growing rapidly. 
            our clinics, those that take place on the farm or off are growing in 
            popularity.


            the farm itself continues to take shape. our lesson/show program 
            continues to grow and we now offer lessons in a growing spectrum of 
            disciplines.  the students who ride with us learn the foundation 
            skills of centered riding and they pin in the ring. our show program 
            will expand this coming and classic is taking on a limited number of 
            riders-english and western.  


            thank you for your continued support!


             
we are looking forward 
            to our continued growth and the satisfaction of our clients 
            throughout the year and beyond.

            as always, we welcome any and all visitors.
 

 

















click 
            the navigation buttons on the left to enter











copyright © 2003-2006 classic sport 
horses, llc























