



basil rathbone: master of stage and screen









 




















 

 



















 


basil rathbone:
    
    master of stage and screen


 





updated 
        february 1, 2025



         
         
         
         
         
         





        photo from "the hound of the baskervilles,"  20th century fox
         

         
         
         
         
         






 




           






this website exists to honor one of hollywood's greatest screen and
    stage actors: basil rathbone. perhaps best known for his portrayal of
    sherlock holmes in the 1930s and 1940s, rathbone gave outstanding performances in many, many
    other films as well. rathbone also appeared in many plays, and his voice could be heard in
    numerous radio broadcasts and recordings. 

 



 
 












new this 
          month:  a  
          new 
          review of the errol flynn swashbuckler captain blood, which was released in the usa in december 1935. basil rathbone played 
          the villain, captain levasseur.


the schedule of 
          basil rathbone films being shown on tv in february is on the 
          schedule page.




 



           






               
               




photo of the month



a portrait of basil rathbone as captain 
            levasseur in captain blood, 1935





               
     

























 
features of this website:
      click here for a description of the icons in the left column, and a guide 
          to the pages of this website. 
 



follow this 
    basil rathbone blog:



    read more about "the great baz"! share your thoughts, too.



basil rathbone is on facebook! 
              join the
              
              basil rathbone appreciation society — 
              a public group.















 


 





    learn about the basil rathbone biography project


 


 







the fourteen sherlock holmes films with basil rathbone and nigel bruce 
          were released on blu-ray on march 29, 
          2011. 




          click here to  order from amazon!






 the curse 
          of sherlock holmes: the basil rathbone story, by david clayton 
          (the history press, 2020)
           
clayton's book is a engrossing 
          narrative that follows basil rathbone from his birthplace in south 
          africa, to england, to new york city, and hollywood. clayton provides 
          the full sweep of basil rathbone's life chronologically, covering his 
          professional career as well as personal relationships. in addition to 
          relating the events of rathbone's life, clayton also quotes from 
          interviews with rathbone, which reveal what basil was thinking and 
          feeling at the time.

the hardback, paperback and kindle 
          versions of the book are available in the uk and in the usa: 



book (uk): https://www.amazon.co.uk/elementary-life-basil-rathbone/dp/0752494465/ref=tmm_hrd_swatch_0?_encoding=utf8&qid=1597889153&sr=8-1
 



kindle (uk): https://www.amazon.co.uk/elementary-basil-rathbone-david-clayton-ebook/dp/b00z4me7mg/ref=tmm_kin_swatch_0?_encoding=utf8&qid=1597889153&sr=8-1



kindle (usa): https://www.amazon.com/curse-sherlock-holmes-basil-rathbone-ebook/dp/b08dg6pj7z/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=b08dg6pj7z&qid=1597888852&sr=8-1



book (usa): 
the curse of sherlock holmes: the basil rathbone story









basil rathbone: his life and his films is once 
        again available to buy! 
michael druxman's biography of 
          rathbone is well-researched and
        well-written--a "must have" for every basil rathbone fan. the book traces the
        fascinating life of the actor and provides detailed descriptions of all of rathbone's
        films, including cast, credits, critics' reviews and production notes. out-of-print for 
   more than thirty-five years, michael druxman’s book is once again available 
   for purchase.
        this new reprint edition mirrors the original 1975 biography/filmography, 
        including its more than 250 rare photographs, and also contains a new 
        introduction by the author. 
buy it at amazon.com.
          






also by michael druxman: rathbone, a 
          one-person play in the hollywood legends collection.



          order from amazon

         



           sherlock holmes & the fabulous faces: the universal pictures repertory company 
          is a tribute to the men and women who were part of universal's 
          repertory company. author michael a. hoey discusses the lives and 
          careers of the many character actors and actresses who supported basil 
          rathbone and nigel bruce in the 12 holmes films made at universal 
          between 1942 and 1946. these players graced hundreds of films with 
          their diversified performances.
michael a. hoey is a film and television writer, director 
            and producer. he is also the son of british actor dennis hoey, who 
            played the unforgettable inspector lestrade in universal's sherlock holmes series.
order 
            from bearmanor media or 

            amazon.com. 







check out this wonderful
          
video montage of 
          basil rathbone as sherlock holmes, made by julie, the ravin' maven of 
        classic film.









spotted on youtube: someone with way too much time on his or 
          her hands has recreated the final duel between robin hood and sir guy 
          of gisbourne (from the adventures of robin hood) using lego figures! 
          it's very cleverly done.
          
          click here to see it (opens in new window).






 
 you can search for particular words or phrases 
          using the search tool below.



 







links to film reviews can be found on the films 
page. reviews without pictures are old ones to which i plan to add pictures as 
soon as possible.  
how much do you know about basil 
          rathbone? try to solve my 
 
          basil rathbone crossword puzzle! 




          click here to read the 1918 newspaper citation concerning the award of 
          the military cross to basil rathbone. 


visit the
           
          potpourri section of this site for "ode to basil" and other poems 
          written about rathbone, as well as "leaving 
            baker street" — an article by andy demsky.  





have you ever wondered, 
            
            "what if basil rathbone had played other famous movie roles?" 
            
click here 
            to explore this question.
 







 

         







this page was created by and is maintained by marcia jessen.
        all original content is © 
        marcia jessen, 2024.

         


i'm happy to receive your comments or suggestions by e-mail, but 
        please put something in the subject line to indicate that your message 
        is a rathbone-related question or comment. like many other people, i am 
        inundated by junk mail. i will not open e-mails with nothing in the 
        subject line, or something like "hi," "hello," or "hi there."
        thanks,
        marcia

comments or suggestions?
 e-mail me!







do you believe you have 
            received a virus or other objectionable e-mail (porn, spam) from me? 
            please click here 
            and read before you e-mail me to complain.




acknowledgments

i am deeply appreciative of the many people who have given me
      information about basil rathbone, shared personal stories, inspired me,
      and helped me build up my rathbone collection. among them are david m, greg,
      joanna, simon, debbie, mary, john, lisa, david c, anthony, neve, nanette, 
      rosemarie, anna, k.l., r.r. and eddie.  many thanks for all you've done and
      continue to do!

 
buy basil rathbone films at amazon.com





 



 




top of
    page

site 
    mapall original content 
    is copyright marcia jessen, 2025



