     chevy dealership near warren, ohio | greenwood's hubbard chevrolet                           
                                             greenwood's hubbard chevrolet             sales 330-556-6566    service 330-269-7230  parts 330-568-5871      2635 north main sthubbard, oh 44425                                     service        map        contact                         greenwood's hubbard chevrolet                       call 330-556-6566   directions                      new   test drive chevy ev   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   my chevrolet rewards   shop click drive   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   auto show trade-in special     used   search inventory   clearance corner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   chevrolet rewards   value your trade   trade-in and lease return     research   virtual showroom   corvette headquarters   chevy accessibility     specials   value your trade   chevrolet special offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   gm family first discount     service & parts   service department   order parts   schedule service   tire finder   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-qualified now   protect your vehicle   value your trade   credit application   get pre-approved   chevrolet protection     about   our dealership   our blog   careers   meet our staff   onstar   leave us a review   dealer information   hours & directions                      home   new   test drive chevy ev   search inventory   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   my chevrolet rewards   shop click drive   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   auto show trade-in special     used   search inventory   clearance corner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   chevrolet rewards   value your trade   trade-in and lease return     research   virtual showroom   corvette headquarters   chevy accessibility     specials   value your trade   chevrolet special offers   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   gm family first discount     service & parts   service department   order parts   schedule service   tire finder   parts warranty   order parts online   gm accessories     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-qualified now   protect your vehicle   value your trade   credit application   get pre-approved   chevrolet protection     about   our dealership   our blog   careers   meet our staff   onstar   leave us a review   dealer information   hours & directions           






    










search inventory

    inventory search    filter your search              new used certified    any year  any make  any model search       





      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                              







silverado inventory
view inventory










shop new specials
view specials




      search new inventory     search used inventory            explore the chevrolet lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      malibu      camaro      corvette      trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban      colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      express     explore all new inventory        

welcome to greenwood's hubbard chevrolet
for residents of hubbard, girard, sharon, hermitage, and cortland looking for a new automobile, greenwood's hubbard chevrolet is the best dealership to visit. we have been one of the area's top new and used dealers since we first opened for business in 1987, and our team is standing by to help you find your next car. shopping with us is fun and easy, the way that it should be, and we guarantee that if you visit us once you'll come back whenever you need a new chevy.





get pre-qualified now


schedule service


view specials


trade appraisal


     



equinox
the 2023 chevy equinox is a midsized suv that is fun to drive combining versatility and performance for your next adventure with many available features such as rear park assist, lane change alert with side blind zone alert, 8-in. touchscreen, and more.

search new
search used
search certified

 




 
 


             

  

financing for everyone
at greenwood chevrolet in hubbard, we make sure you get the perfect price on a vehicle that's perfect for you. that's why our special financing team does whatever it takes to work with you, and make sure you are 100% satisfied with your purchase. at our dealership, you're more than just a customer, so let us help you.
get pre-qualified

     



service experts
we made your chevrolet the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. hubbard chevrolet technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today..


schedule service


order parts











     










address
 get directions

2635 north main st, hubbard, oh 44425
sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed    


     
 stop by and visit greenwood's hubbard chevrolet
greenwood's hubbard chevrolet has been one of the top dealerships in hubbard for more than three decades, and we also work with residents of cortland, hermitage, sharon, and girard. take a trip to our lot today and one of our team members will guide you through our inventory and help you select the car, suv, or truck that fits you.


hassle-free shopping experience
at greenwood's hubbard chevrolet, our goal is to make sure that everyone who visits our lot is able to find the car they want at the price that they need, and we work tirelessly to make sure that we can achieve this goal. we are proud to offer our customers a hassle-free shopping experience — and because there is no pressure to make a purchase, you'll know that you're getting the car that's right for you.
when you visit our lot, you'll find a wide selection of both new and used chevrolet vehicles, and our team would be glad to help you select the model that fits your lifestyle. whether you want a truck such as the silverado, a sedan such as the malibu, or an suv such as the equinox, trax, or traverse, we have a vehicle in our inventory that will more than meet your needs.


assistance with financing
we understand that every car shopper who walks through our doors has different needs, especially when it comes to financing. fortunately, whether you have good or bad credit, our first-rate financing team can help you secure the funding that you need for your next chevy vehicle.
our team has experience assisting customers of all backgrounds and is ready to help you. for instance, if you have a less than pristine credit history, we offer special financing that will let you buy the dependable car you deserve. stop by our financing department today and we'll help you fill out a finance application and talk with local lenders to help you find the most attractive loan possible.


servicing your chevy
when it comes time to schedule routine maintenance for your vehicle, there are a number of area service centers you could visit, but if you want to work with the most experienced, qualified professionals possible, making an appointment with our team is a great decision. in addition to ase training, our team has also received gm training, which means they possess the know-how to keep your car in pristine condition.
from oil changes to brake inspections to engine repairs, our team is standing by to fulfill your service needs. after help from our team, your car will run like it did the first day you got behind the wheel.



 





follow us on social media


                       



                       copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | greenwood's hubbard chevrolet | 2635 north main st, hubbard, oh 44425 | sales: 330-556-6566              




















                      