







managed it services & it support | the woodlands, tx | gtin managed it











































































 




































homesitemapabout uswho we areour differenceit industry secrettestimonialsemploymentrefer a colleague or friendit servicesmanaged it servicesoutsourcing your itit consultingcomprehensive it supportremote monitoring & maintenanceit vendor managementdesktop monitoring and managementprofessional server supportvcioit security servicesnetwork securitycontent filteringspam protectionemail encryptionasset trackingcloud computing servicescloud it solutionshosted serverhosted desktopcloud backup & file sharingcloud hosted voipindustry specifichealth care itit for lawmanufacturing itit for accountantsit for engineers and architectsdata servicesbusiness continuitydisaster recovery as a servicehardware serviceshardware as a servicecabling and wiringwireless servicesofficial dell dealeroffice relocation servicesserver migrationsoftware servicesmicrosoft office 365g suite by googlemicrosoft sharepointbusiness communicationvoipmobile solutionsconferencingmobile device managementunderstanding itunderstanding ransomwareunderstanding the modern officeunderstanding business continuitywindows server 2003: end of lifeunderstanding network securityunderstanding byodwindows xp end of lifecloud computingnewsnews & press releasesevents calendarblogcontact ussupporthow to request supporthelp desk





























homesitemapabout uswho we areour differenceit industry secrettestimonialsemploymentrefer a colleague or friendit servicesmanaged it servicesoutsourcing your itit consultingcomprehensive it supportremote monitoring & maintenanceit vendor managementdesktop monitoring and managementprofessional server supportvcioit security servicesnetwork securitycontent filteringspam protectionemail encryptionasset trackingcloud computing servicescloud it solutionshosted serverhosted desktopcloud backup & file sharingcloud hosted voipindustry specifichealth care itit for lawmanufacturing itit for accountantsit for engineers and architectsdata servicesbusiness continuitydisaster recovery as a servicehardware serviceshardware as a servicecabling and wiringwireless servicesofficial dell dealeroffice relocation servicesserver migrationsoftware servicesmicrosoft office 365g suite by googlemicrosoft sharepointbusiness communicationvoipmobile solutionsconferencingmobile device managementunderstanding itunderstanding ransomwareunderstanding the modern officeunderstanding business continuitywindows server 2003: end of lifeunderstanding network securityunderstanding byodwindows xp end of lifecloud computingnewsnews & press releasesevents calendarblogcontact ussupporthow to request supporthelp desk 



 (281) 681-0606




homesitemapabout uswho we areour differenceit industry secrettestimonialsemploymentrefer a colleague or friendit servicesmanaged it servicesoutsourcing your itit consultingcomprehensive it supportremote monitoring & maintenanceit vendor managementdesktop monitoring and managementprofessional server supportvcioit security servicesnetwork securitycontent filteringspam protectionemail encryptionasset trackingcloud computing servicescloud it solutionshosted serverhosted desktopcloud backup & file sharingcloud hosted voipindustry specifichealth care itit for lawmanufacturing itit for accountantsit for engineers and architectsdata servicesbusiness continuitydisaster recovery as a servicehardware serviceshardware as a servicecabling and wiringwireless servicesofficial dell dealeroffice relocation servicesserver migrationsoftware servicesmicrosoft office 365g suite by googlemicrosoft sharepointbusiness communicationvoipmobile solutionsconferencingmobile device managementunderstanding itunderstanding ransomwareunderstanding the modern officeunderstanding business continuitywindows server 2003: end of lifeunderstanding network securityunderstanding byodwindows xp end of lifecloud computingnewsnews & press releasesevents calendarblogcontact ussupporthow to request supporthelp desk

















 







work securely. anywhere. anytime.


cloud it solutions.


read more















focus on your business, not your it


managed it services.


read more















can your business stand up against disaster?


business continuity.


read more








 



 

















 

meet with us for afree consultation
we don’t believe in strong-arm sales techniques or pushy sales people, but we do love talking shop with local business owners. contact us for a free consultation to see how we can help you.  sign up now





















  phone support


  ticket by email


  ticket by portal










you're human, and your support should be too. speak to a support team member on the phone now!

  phone: (281) 681-0606








send an email to the help desk to create a ticket automatically and communicate with our team.
submit a ticket







create and manage tickets via our secure online help desk portal.
enter support portal







disabled




 





























default
title
date
random







 

 

+read more




						managed it					 


				strategically optimize and protect your infrastructure with 24/7/365 proactive monitoring and maintenance.			
read more





 

 

+read more




						security services					 


				advanced security systems help protect your data and keep your business up and running.			
read more





 

 

+read more




						cloud it					 


				the cloud is the future of small and medium business technology management.			
read more





 

 

+read more




						industry specific					 


				looking for it solutions specific to your industry?			
read more



































 

 
 

the woodlands and north houston support
your it infrastructure is our priority.
gtin managed it has been providing professional it support for businesses in and around the woodlands, texas since 1999. we strive to give our clients enterprise-level services and solutions at prices that work for small businesses. time and experience has helped us develop best practices and workflow procedures around a proactive philosophy designed to keep your focus on your business, not your technology.
our team of experts can become your outsourced it department; responding to issues quickly, often before you even know about them. covering everything from your servers and network infrastructure, to your computers, workstations and mobile devices, we provide end-to-end solutions for all of your technology needs.
with gtin managed it as your outsourced it partner, you will experience:

 less downtime
 fewer day-to-day issues
 more opportunities
 flat-rate it budget
 infrastructure protection
 business continuity
 a good night's sleep

not sure where to begin, or even if gtin managed it is a good fit for your organization? contact us to learn more about how we can help move your business forward.







































it's nice to know who you're working with.
gtin managed it understands that making a decision means putting your trust in us.
we encourage you to find out more about our company and read testimonials from our many satisfied customers!
learn more about gtin managed it
















...or let's get together for coffee
no pushy sales pitch, no intrusive technology audit, and no geekspeak. let's just get together for a cup of coffee and chat.
we love meeting up with other local business owners!



let's meet! 
 




























				our difference			




we are not your typical business. we are your business partners.
we live by the idea that your business needs come first, so much so that our ceo rhese hoylman iv has written a letter for you to read showing just how dedicated our team is to not only solving problems but your success! read more
 




				it's a secret			




shhh, don't tell anyone we told you!
warning: we are about to let you in on a secret about how most computer companies really make their money! we will cover the three main types of it companies and what you can expect out of them.
read more
 




				refer a friend			




refer a friend to gtin managed it!
do you know someone who you think my benefit from our services?
let us know and we will get in touch with them!
read more
 










































free it whitepaper

this whitepaper will evaluate the differences between traditional technical support practices and modern managed it practices and the pros and cons of both in regards to small and medium-sized businesses.
download!    need a consultation?
















what  our clients say








hear what our clients have to say about usour trusted it partnergtin has been our it provider for over 15 years. they provide us with turn-key it service including training, purchasing, project management and consulting. we appreciate their quick response to our requests. we feel that gtin provides great value for our financial investment!...dannette sudingshow alladd testimonial


























latest blogs



















 

that false sense of security is going to bite you


that false sense of security is going to bite you



 gtin managed it



					cybersecurity is important. scroll through a few pages of our blog and you’ll see article after article talking about threats and ways to make yourself and your business less vulne...			








 

exploring some ways windows 11 boosts productivity


exploring some ways windows 11 boosts productivity



 gtin managed it



					the windows operating system has gradually improved since it was first released back in 1985, bringing us to windows 11 and its productivity-boosting capabilities nearly four decad...			








 

how much time can ai save your business?


how much time can ai save your business?



 gtin managed it



					we get it: you’d expect to read the statement “ai is everywhere nowadays” as a science fiction story about the enslavement of humans by the very machines they’ve created. we aren’t...			








 

4 common pitfalls holding back your business’ collaboration


4 common pitfalls holding back your business’ collaboration



 gtin managed it



					collaboration tools can be remarkably helpful for businesses, if not downright essential to their success. with the right tools that are, of course, configured the right way, you c...			


















newsletter  signup




stay up to date with sales, promotions and new product releases.



subscribe 
 















				you are here:  
			


						home					


























latest  news & events 












gtin managed it launches new website!


					gtin managed it is proud to announce the launch of our new website at www.gtinservices.com. the goal of the new website is to make it easier for our existing clients to submit and manage support requests, and provide more information about our ser...			


read more


 
















contact  us





learn more about what gtin managed itcan do for your business.
(281) 681-0606
the woodlands office2219 sawdust road ste. 1401the woodlands, texas 77380


 















account  login








username





password




remember me 



log in






					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?





 























copyright
    
    gtin managed it. all rights reserved. terms of service
privacy policy












































