



























































local georgetown sc news, sports and business news | postandcourier.com




 




















































































skip to main content























site search




search










subscribe 



home





news


all news

entertainment

health

education & business

state news


business



sports



obituaries





contests


contests

readers choice results




advertising


printads

special


e-paper



careers



marketplace













unlimited local news you can trust.




subscribetoday


















42°
partly cloudy 







 



                                
                                    georgetown, sc
                                
                                 (29440)

today
partly cloudy this morning. a few showers developing during the afternoon. high 69f. winds se at 10 to 15 mph. chance of rain 30%..
tonight
rain showers this evening with overcast skies overnight. low 61f. winds s at 10 to 20 mph. chance of rain 40%.
 updated: february 15, 2025 @ 4:21 am






 full forecast
















site search




search


























menu














 login






buy & sell 


classifieds


print ads


marketplace


place an ad


real estate mls


customer service


about


advertise


contact us


mobile apps


newsletters


local links


request banner ad


submit a letter


submit news


subscribe





home


e-paper


obituaries


special sections




































                
                latest georgetown news
                
                    








+3






myrtle beach news




        

        
            'angel of death': woman connected to murder of brittanee drexel sentenced to 18 years in prison

by lauren leibman
lleibman@postandcourier.com



angel vause, the woman connected to the 2009 kidnapping and murder of 17-year-old brittanee drexel, was sentenced to 18 years in prison on feb. 13.





















                
                top stories
                
                    










+2







news




        

        
            this georgetown county council primary will come down to a runoff




the georgetown county voter registration and elections office determined on june 13 that a runoff election is needed for the georgetown county council district 3 democratic primary.



















palmetto politics




        

        
            impeachment and investigation calls bubble against sc treasurer curtis loftis amid sec investigation




house speaker murrell smith has pledged investigations into south carolina treasurer curtis loftis' handling of a $1.8 billion accounting error made by his office that was allowed to fester for years.



















news




        

        
            hammock coast happenings: ivories on the coast of georgetown county




you can see joshua alan rupp in action on sundays at christ church in murrells inlet. you can also catch him weekly at fire to table in murrells inlet, including a show coming up on feb. 14.













                
                more news
                
                    









palmetto politics




        

        
            lindsey graham, a top trump ally, says pardoning capitol attackers sends 'the wrong signal'




a key ally of president donald trump says the white house pardoning rioters who fought with police while storming the u.s. capitol in 2021 is “sending the wrong signal”.



















myrtle beach news




        

        
            what's that smell? leak at georgetown paper mill caused ammonia odor, officials say.




an equipment malfunction at the international paper mill in georgetown released a mix of gasses that include a reduce state of sulphur, according to the state department of environmental services.



















myrtle beach news




        

        
            'the most callous of humans': girlfriend of brittanee drexel's killer could get decades in prison




angel vause, the woman involved in the rape and murder of brittanee drexel in 2009, will have a sentencing hearing on feb. 13. a sentencing memorandum states she not only failed to prevent the rape and murder of drexel, but enabled it.













                
                business
                
                    

















        

        
            a georgetown county native's new pawleys island restaurant offers traditional seafood with a twist

a new pawleys island restaurant is serving up classic southern comfort foods with a hint of creative flair. pawleys fish camp had its soft opening on jan. 14. 


















        

        
            this popular murrells inlet coffee truck just opened a storefront near myrtle beach

a murrells inlet coffee company has expanded from mobile trucks to a permanent storefront.


















        

        
            how this georgetown brewhouse celebrates seinfeld's iconic holiday, festivus

baxter’s brewhouse inn in georgetown celebrates festivus, a fake holiday featured in the popular sitcom 'seinfeld.'


















        

        
            after hitting a bird, a drone landed on a truck and caused $12k in damage.

a drone crashed into a moving truck in georgetown on dec. 11. police say they don't know where it came from.










                
                sports
                
                    

















        

        
            jasmyn jenkins has helped no. 3 carvers bay get out to a great start

the no. 3 carvers bay girls basketball team is off to a great start this season with a 15-3 overall record and a 4-0 region vi-a mark. they are led by floor general jasmyn jenkins.


















        

        
            'aj’s a gamer': georgetown high's hoops leader is the top scorer among sc's 3a schools

georgetown senior guard amos “aj” jones jr. leads 3a in points per game with a whopping 20.8, which has helped the bulldogs climb to no. 6 in the south carolina basketball coaches association poll for 3a boys.


















        

        
            this sc group helps struggling children find hope through skateboarding

the heart of stoke foundation is a nonprofit organization that helps underserved children through the provision of no-cost skateboarding equipment.


















        

        
            wrestling season gets underway in georgetown county

while waccamaw and georgetown high schools already have established wrestling programs, carvers bay early college and career high school has brought back its wrestling team after a long hiatus.










                
                opinion
                
                    

















        

        
            georgetown needs to rally for ip mill, city's economy | letter

a georgetown resident wants locals and officials to work together to keep international paper's georgetown mill open. 


















        

        
            save the ip paper mill and georgetown | letter

a georgetown union president wants local, state and federal leaders to work together to keep international paper's georgetown mill open. 


















        

        
            voting yes for georgetown county sales tax referendums will keep taxes low | letter

part of being a good neighbor includes sharing information with one another to ensure collective understanding but it also means bringing hard truths to light. one such truth is that your property taxes will almost certainly increase if the two upcoming penny sales tax referendums do not pass.


















        

        
            commentary: let's make america normal again. vote for nikki haley.

three things are true about donald trump. 









                
                most popular
                
            




 articles




articleshammock coast happenings: ivories on the coast of georgetown county







 













































                
                site links
                
            



about


local links


contact us


advertise


place an ad


special sections


careers





                
                related properties
                
            



aiken standard - aiken, sc


georgetown times - georgetown, sc


the berkeley independent - moncks corner, sc


journal scene - summerville, sc


moultrie news - mount pleasant, sc


the star - north augusta, sc 


free times - columbia, sc


evening post books - charleston, sc


kingstree news - kingstree, sc






                
                contact information
                
            


georgetown times
    1165 n. fraser street, unit 12a
    georgetown, sc 29440
    
phone: 843-546-4148
email: mbnews@postandcourier.com







×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox


























© , georgetown times, an evening post publishing newspaper group. all rights reserved.  | terms of sale
 | terms of use

 | privacy policy











































