






































center for packaging and unit load design  | center for packaging and unit load design | virginia tech








skip to main content
skip to search




virginia tech®
					home





universal access toggle

universal access




close universal access dialog

universal access options

report a
									barrier

accessibility
									portal




pause all background videos








underline all links





 
 
 



apply

visit

give



shop



hokie gearapparel, clothing, gear and
											merchandise
hokie shopuniversity bookstore,
											merchandise and gifts
hokie
											license platespart of every virginia tech plate purchase
											funds
											scholarships







resources for



future students

current
							students
parents and families
faculty and staff
alumni
industry and partners



 
 




center for packaging and unit load design





menu








college of natural resources and environment  /




department of sustainable biomaterials  /



center for packaging and unit load design






about us


about us submenu toggle



media centercovid19 updatesour teame. george stern and sbio history




membership


membership submenu toggle



current membersmember resources




facilities


facilities submenu toggle



distribution packaging labcorrugated materials testing laboratorysustainable packaging materials labpallet testing labdesign and prototyping labikea certificationsamazon sioc certifications




research 


research  submenu toggle



graduate researchundergraduate research




education


education submenu toggle



distribution packaging internship programcontinuing educationfrequently asked questions (faqs)white papersms in sustainable packaging




employment 


employment  submenu toggle



graduate student employmentpart-time employment opportunitiesundergraduate internships


contact us cpuld search



apply
visit
give



shop



hokie gearapparel, clothing, gear and merchandise
hokie shopuniversity bookstore, merchandise and gifts
hokie license platespart of every virginia tech plate purchase funds scholarships









resources for




future students
current students
parents and families
faculty and staff
alumni
industry and partners








search










search query


×


search








 






										search this site 






										search all vt.edu sites 






										people search 





frequent searches:



 













web results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date



























 





news results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date






filter search









categories


academics




campus experience




culture




impact




research




story type


feature




notice




story



video




apply filters
clear filters



























 





video results for 









sort by relevance
 sort by date


























 





people results for 































 
 



people results



see more



 

vt news results



see more



 
 
 
 





 
 
 

 
 





            college of natural resources and environment
            
                 | 




            department of sustainable biomaterials
            
                 / 


center for packaging and unit load design / 





explore










                            
                            about us
                        



                            
                            membership
                        



                            
                            facilities
                        



                            
                            research 
                        



                            
                            education
                        



                            
                            employment 
                        



                            
                            contact us
                        



                            
                            cpuld search
                        






center for packaging and unit load design








the center for packaging and unit load design

cpuld is one of the leading pallet / packaging testing and research facilities in the united states. using state-of-the-art technology, we research every aspect of the material handling system from primary packaging all the way through unit load design.



          learn more about us here...
        










the pallet lab












 our vision is to be the hub of packaging innovationwhere researchers, students, and industry professionalswork together to improve the efficiency of the supply chain. 




























testing services









research









short courses












current cpuld news:










article item














            thank you to cpuld membership & annual update on graduate students and research
            
            , article


as the summer closes, cpuld would like to take a moment to express our sincere gratitude for our members’ ongoing support of our packaging program and the research being conducted here at virginia tech. their collaboration plays a pivotal role in enabling us to provide top-tier education for undergraduates, create enriching opportunities for graduate students pursuing m.s. and ph.d. degrees, and conduct innovative research on pallets and distribution packaging. the 2023-2024 academic year was marked by a series of achievements for both our students and research teams, underscoring cpuld’s commitment to academic excellence and innovation in the field of packaging science. throughout the year, we supported six graduate students pursuing their m.s. and ph.d. degrees. each of these students brought unique perspectives and skills to the program, contributing to various research projects that were critical to advancing the field.












article item














            cpuld and nwpca host successful “advanced pallet design” short course
            
            , article


cpuld and nwpca recently hosted the highly successful "advanced pallet design" short course. the 2.5-day program brought together nearly 20 participants from 15 companies, spanning multiple u.s. states and two international locations. this unique program showcased the growing demand for advanced knowledge in pallet design, optimization, and performance. the course was led by dr. laszlo horvath, director of cpuld, alongside dr. brad gething and kristen delack, pe from nwpca. combining their expertise, the instructors delivered in-depth lectures, software training, and hands-on lab activities, offering attendees a well-rounded, practical learning experience.












article item














            highlight your company’s commitment to quality with cpuld's new photography packages
            
            , article


at the center for packaging and unit load design, we are excited to offer an exclusive photography package that can now be included with your pallet and packaging testing projects. this new service not only provides visual documentation of the rigorous testing processes your pallet or package undergoes, but it also highlights your partnership with a world-renowned research institution. imagine the value of having high-quality images of your pallet or package being rigorously tested to international standards by cpuld’s team of experts. these images are more than just snapshots of a process -they serve as visual proof of your dedication to excellence. every photograph captures the precision and thoroughness of the testing conducted in cpuld labs, and highlights your commitment to meeting safety benchmarks.














current page 
                  1
                



                  2
                



                  3
                



                  4
                



                  5
                



                  6
                



                  7
                



                  8
                





                    next







            page 1 of 8 | 24 results
        











cpuld announcements:



iapri









          learn more about cpuld and the vt packaging program hosting the 32nd iapri member's conference being held at the hotel roanoke!
        







student spotlight:






erin








erin wolter, master's student
the objective of erin's research is to continue investigating the intensity and types of impacts that forklifts exert on pallets during material handling. the results of this study will be used to update the durability testing procedures used in pallet testing standards in order to better represent current material handling processes found in supply chains.








          learn more about erin's research...
        







member spotlight:






nwpca logo








the national wooden pallet and container association (nwpca) is the largest organization of packaging professionals in the world - with more than 670 member companies in 28 countries who manufacture, repair and distribute pallets and wood packaging in unit load solutions, or who supply products and services to the industry.







          learn more about the national wooden pallet and container association!
        











 
center members:






chep









nwpca














monoflo



















white and co









neopal









ufp



















 

 














your browser does not support iframes. link to iframe content: https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d42754.9440533039!2d-80.44173633112597!3d37.20544910939469!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x884d9454e2cffda3%3a0x537c4f41465a53f0!2s1650%20research%20center%20dr%2c%20blacksburg%2c%20va%2024060!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1583925687700!5m2!1sen!2sus







center for packaging
and unit load design
brooks center, virginia tech
1650 research center drive
blacksburg, va 24061
united states

 540-231-7107
 unitload@vt.edu








connect with us


































get directions  
see all locations  
contact virginia tech  






university status
principles of community
privacy statement
acceptable use
we remember
university libraries
accessibility
consumer information
cost & aid
safe at vt
policies
equal opportunity
wvtf
university bookstore
jobs at virginia tech
strategic plan





© 2025 virginia polytechnic institute and state university. all rights reserved.


facebook
x
threads
instagram
linked in
youtube









