














tailored hybrid-cloud and managed services



































































client login


 8135 ne evergreen parkway, suite 1220, hillsboro, or 97124


 400 s. akard dallas, tx 7520


 11680 hayden rd manassas, va 20109














 866.678.7955 / 503.972.6690



















cloud





vmware cloud
vcf white label program
dedicated iaas and private cloud
public cloud management
virtual desktop infrastructure
object storage
network
 




unlock the power of the cloud with 3 months free

get started today!
 
 

colocationmanaged servicescloud securitybackup & recoverymonitoringdata centers





data centers
hillsboro oregon
dallas texas
northern virginia
network
 




ensure seamless colocation success

get our data center checklist now!
 
 

about





about
career
certs and compliance
policies
social responsibility
blog
videos
technology partners
resources
 




lock the savings in your public cloud!

download the white paper!
 
 

loginget a quote 









secure your advantage in the market with  best-in-class it services.
tailored solutions and superior customer experiences. 
with 28+ years of reliability and partnerships, opus interactive is a premier partner and authorized white label partner in the broadcom advantage partner program.

learn more































vmware cloud & dedicated iaas
our tailored solutions merge the limitless scale and flexibility of public cloud with the unmatched security and efficiency of private cloud. as a premier member in the broadcom advantage partner program, we offer vmware cloud and dedicated iaas to enterprise customers. 

 learn more




cloud security
fortify cloud security and ensure business continuity with opus interactive's comprehensive suite of services, including cutting-edge managed detection and response (mdr), advanced threat detection tools, state-of-the-art firewall protection, secure virtual private network (vpn) solutions, and multi-factor authentication (mfa) services

 learn more




colocation
get reliability and performance with colocation inside of tier iii+ facilities that are purpose-built. our world class data centers offer high-security, uptime, flexible builds, energy grid redundancy, and regional redundancy.

 learn more




managed services
opus offers a wide range of managed services to simplify cloud complexity. our dedicated team oversees 24x7 surveillance of cloud security, seamless backup and recovery, and vigilant cloud monitoring solutions - safeguarding and optimizing your digital assets.

 learn more











unleash the power of tailored cloud solutions.
 position yourself as a leader in the market by leveraging best-in-class it services tailored to meet your unique business needs.. opus interactive integrates public cloud, private cloud, managed services, and flexible colocation to give your enterprise unparalleled performance and scalability.




vmware cloud / dedicated iaas 
get cloud solutions that are tailored for your unique cost control, security, compliance, and availability needs. opus interactive offers vmware cloud as a premier member of the broadcom advantage partner program. 





public cloud management
equip your business with a team of engineers managing, monitoring, and optimizing your aws, azure, and the climate-conscious multi-tenant opuscloud environments.





cloud security
elevate your market position with cutting-edge technology cloud security that hardens security posture, ensures business continuity, and paves the way for growth. 





cloud object storage
take control of your cloud storage. we architect solutions for object storage, file storage, and block storage that are designed to meet any store and access needs your workloads have.





virtual desktop infrastructure
maximize and secure telework solutions with opus vdi. deliver a virtual workspace environment managed from any device, anywhere, any time.





hybrid cloud monitoring
simplify hybrid cloud observability and alert management. map and monitor the health and performance of your it ecosystem in a single pane - public cloud, private cloud, colocation, applications and devices.






























optimize operations, enhance security, and drive growth with opus interactive.
choose from a suite of cloud solutions tailored to meet your organization's needs. 










increase performance
 tailored solutions
 premium hardware
 optimized architecture with interoperability







improve security
 hipaa, pci-dss, iso 27001, soc 2 compliance
 tier iii data centers
 redundant geographies and energy grids
 tailored backup and disaster recovery







manage costs
 limit cloud sprawl
 no hidden fees
 no api request fees
 no service contract fees




 request a quote




































power up with tier iii+ data centers
opus interactive’s state-of-the-art data centers deliver unprecedented levels of security, energy efficiency, and connectivity to ensure your workloads are protected and delivered where you need, when you need, how you need.
 100% uptime
 public cloud on-ramps and global connectivity
 low-cost reliable power
 eight security check points to reach the cage
 3 energy grids & 3 separate regions 

 learn more about our datacenters












at our company, we value your needs above all else and strive to provide a tailored solution. 
from cutting down on it costs to undergoing digital transformation, you can trust us to be your guide. to get started, simply fill out the form or give us a call - whichever is more convenient for you. a member of our team will reach out shortly to discuss what's on your mind!

 toll free (866) 678-7955







request a consultation


request a consultationname


first

company name*email*

phone*select a department:*please choose...support team (help with existing services)sales teamadministrative team (billing questions)marketing team (media, partnerships, affiliate program)management teamhow can we help you?commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 



























unlock the power of the cloud
embrace limitless possibilities!



request a consultation take a tour









services
hybrid and multi-cloud hosting
iaas – infrastructure-as-a-service
enterprise colocation
backup and continuity
hosting services


data centers
oregon hillsboro
dallas
northern virginia
network


about us
about opus
certs and compliance
social responsibility
careers


contact us
monday-friday 8:00 am – 6:00 pm
(503) 972-6690 (866) 678-7955
oregon – headquarters
8135 ne evergreen parkway, suite 1220, hillsboro, or 97124

contact us


   









copyright 2025 opus interactive. all rights reserved.


terms & conditions privacy policy



































