





school information system





sis rss





search




newsletter | 
    2024 referendum | 
    gell-man amnesia



civics: getting things done – analysis

balaji:
you can just do things – high agencywe can just do things – high cooperationthey can also just do things – enemy also gets a moveyou can’t do just anything – constraints do exist



civil rights and redistributed federal taxpayer funds

us dept of education civil rights office
discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin is illegal and morally reprehensible. accordingly, i write to clarify and reaffirm the nondiscrimination obligations of schools and other entities that receive federal financial assistance from the united states department of education (department).1 this letter explains and reiterates existing legal requirements under title vi of the civil rights act of 1964,2 the equal protection clause of the united states constitution, and other relevant authorities.3
in recent years, american educational institutions have discriminated against students on the basis of race, including white and asian students, many of whom come from disadvantaged backgrounds and low-income families. these institutions’ embrace of pervasive and repugnant race-based preferences and other forms of racial discrimination have emanated throughout every facet of academia. for example, colleges, universities, and k-12 schools have routinely used race as a factor in admissions, financial aid, hiring, training, and other institutional programming. in a shameful echo of a darker period in this country’s history, many american schools and universities even encourage segregation by race at graduation ceremonies and in dormitories and other facilities.



k-12 tax & $pending climate: chicago’s debt growth plans

bill conway:
since then, it was revealed that the preliminary plan is for this debt to be issued with zero payments until 2027, followed by interest-only payments through 2045.
imagine taking out a mortgage on your house, but not making a single payment for the first two years. then, for the next 18 years, you pay only the interest — never touching the actual loan balance. by the time you start paying off the principal, you’ve racked up so much extra interest that you’re now paying more than double what you borrowed.
that’s exactly what the mayor’s office has proposed. it’ll borrow $830 million today, but between delayed and interest-only payments, taxpayers will ultimately owe more than $2 billion. and conveniently, the real payments don’t start until after the mayor and city council face reelection.




cronyism and lying in milwaukee public schools

cbs58:
‘afraid even to tell the truth’: lawyer for mps whistleblowers, lawmakers react to mps audit



k-12 tax & $pending climate: madison school district accounting  accuracy

kaylah huynh:
“we learned that specific system updates may have inadvertently excluded too much income from taxation.” 
abbey machtig:
school district spokesperson edell fiedler said the district is assuming the error affected all 6,000 employees, although actual tax liabilities depend on a variety of factors, including withholdings. 
“we have taken immediate steps to prevent this error from happening again,” fiedler said in an email to the state journal. “this includes ensuring accurate system updates and a mandatory double-checking process for these updates. we are committed to continuously monitoring and improving these systems to safeguard against similar issues in the future.”




k-12 tax & $pending climate: the deficit & debt spiral explained

the deficit:
•what’s a deficit? a budget deficit occurs when the government spends more money than it earns in revenue. for fy 2024, the deficit was about $1.8 trillion. imagine if you only made $4.9 trillion (the revenue) but spent $6.5 trillion; you’d be $1.6 trillion in the hole, which is essentially what happened with the federal government.•why does the deficit matter? a large deficit means the government needs to borrow money to cover its costs, which increases the national debt.
——
interest on the debt:
•interest payments: in fy 2024, the u.s. spent approximately $950 billion just on interest for the national debt. this is like paying $30,000 every second in interest alone. it’s the second or third largest line item in the budget, only behind or close to social security and defense spending.•how it works: just like how you might pay interest on a loan or credit card, the u.s. government pays interest on the money it has borrowed. with a debt level of roughly $35 trillion at the end of 2024, even small interest rates can lead to enormous payments.
the debt spiral:
•borrowing to pay interest: here’s where it gets trickier. when the government can’t cover its costs, including interest on the existing debt, with current revenue, it borrows more money. this borrowing increases the national debt. now, with more debt, there’s more interest to pay the next year, which might require even more borrowing if revenues don’t increase or spending doesn’t decrease, leading to what’s called a “debt spiral.”
us debt clock
meanwhile
ann althouse:
there was a budget surplus when bill clinton left office, and we now have a deficit counted in trillions, and the national debt is in the tens of trillions. those who don’t like the service elon musk is giving to his country — what is their alternative? 



notes on wisconsin education standards

via quinton klabon
this senator jagler address connects setting high standards for kids with recent milwaukee public schools troubles.
——
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
the taxpayer funded madison school district long used reading recovery…
the data clearly indicate that being able to read is not a requirement for graduation at (madison) east, especially if you are black or hispanic”
my question to wisconsin governor tony evers on teacher mulligans and our disastrous reading results
2017: west high reading interventionist teacher’s remarks to the school board on madison’s disastrous reading results 
madison’s taxpayer supported k-12 school district, despite spending far more than most, has long tolerated disastrous reading results.
“an emphasis on adult employment”
wisconsin public policy forum madison school district report[pdf]
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators
friday afternoon veto: governor evers rejects ab446/sb454; an effort to address our long term, disastrous reading results
booked, but can’t read (madison): functional literacy, national citizenship and the new face of dred scott in the age of mass incarceration.
when a stands for average: students at the uw-madison school of education receive sky-high grades. how smart is that?



a coaster wagon upgrade

amy kyllo:
“we have a lot of sad days dealing with this disease,” tracy said. “these good days, these fun days give us strength to get through the bad days. you remember the joy felt during these incredible acts of kindness and generosity.”



“manitoba’s new teacher oversight commissioner also leads saskatchewan educators’ union”

jeff hamilton:
a new commissioner tasked with disciplining manitoba educators for misconduct since the start of the year was doing so while still maintaining her job as head of the saskatchewan teachers’ union, the free press has learned.
critics call it a major conflict of interest that brings into question the independence and impartiality of manitoba’s new teacher oversight commission.
“the fact that she’s doing two jobs at once, and one is the head of a teacher union, when you’re supposed to be adjudicating cases involving teacher misconduct, that’s a massive conflict of interest,” said cameron hauseman, an assistant professor of educational administration at the university of manitoba.



wisconsin act 10 lawfare and litigation update

andrew bahl:
a challenge to one of wisconsin’s most high-profile laws of the last 15 years — restricting the collective bargaining rights of public sector unions — has taken another turn on its way through the court system.
the wisconsin supreme court ruled wednesday that a case involving act 10 must first proceed through a conservative-leaning appellate court before it may come back to the state’s top justices.
the decision involves a dane county judge’s ruling last year that large portions of act 10 are unconstitutional. if ultimately upheld by higher courts, the decision would have a major effect on the working conditions of public employees, such as teachers, state workers and some law enforcement officers. a ruling that ends act 10 also could affect the finances of state and local governments across wisconsin.
the decision wednesday — which was accompanied by justice janet protasiewicz’s decision not to recuse herself from a future ruling on act 10 — means the case likely won’t be heard by the high court until after an april election that will determine whether left-leaning or right-leaning justices have a majority.
here’s what to know about the latest court challenge to act 10.
——
notes and links on act 10
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators



civics: notes on our three part government system

tyler cowen summary:
ilya somin covers this question over at volokh conspiracy.  i receive many queries about this, some of them panicky and anguished.  i haven’t covered it, mostly because i don’t feel i have enough insights into the relevant matters of constitutional law, or for that matter what is going on inside the administration (for instance, how should one interpret those vance tweets?)
i can tell you what i would find useful.  if you are especially pessimistic on this front, which are the securities prices that would indicate an actual constitutional problem?  particular equities?  interest rates?  the value of the dollar?  measures of volatility?  something else?  don’t restrict yourself to the absolute level of share prices, surely there are favored and disfavored companies and sectors, right?
why it is hard for the executive to disobey the judiciary



“deplatforming”

sean stevens & greg lukianoff:
the event never happened.
just as it was about to begin, some student protesters became disruptive. one of them pulled the fire alarm. windows were broken and objects, including noisemakers, were thrown into the room. krolczyk and members of the turning point usa chapter barricaded themselves inside until they were escorted out by university police and security.
this week, krolcyzk filed a title ix complaint against the university of washington with the u.s. department of education’s office of civil rights as a result of the disruption and cancellation of the event.
despite the chaos, university of washington spokesperson and assistant vice president for communications victor balta contends that “the tpusa organizers made the choice to suspend the event.” in a statement sent to the center square, “the jason rantz show,” and other outlets who reached out for comment, balta said that “[i]nformed discussion and debate are encouraged on our campus, however, it is clear that presenters and disruptors are, in some cases, seeking to antagonize one another in ways that provide dramatic content for their social media feeds,” and that krolcyzk was “excited” that the event got shut down.



reviving the joy and honor of working with your hands will strengthen our nation

mark holmberg:
for three decades, this mechanical engineer has been dragging, hoisting, cribbing and prying these metal monsters out of old industrial shops in new york, philadelphia, erie, pa. — anywhere and everywhere, as old vocational education programs shut down across the nation.



k-12 tax & $pending climate:“unemployment is higher, wages are lower and growth less robust than government statistics suggest”

eugene ludwig:
what they rarely considered was whether something else might be responsible for the disconnect — whether, for instance, government statistics were fundamentally flawed. what if the numbers supporting the case for broad-based prosperity were themselves misrepresentations? what if, in fact, darker assessments of the economy were more authentically tethered to reality?
on some level, i relate to the underlying frustrations. having served as comptroller of the currency during the 1990s, i‘ve spent substantial chunks of my career exploring the gaps between public perception and economic reality, particularly in the realm of finance. many of the officials i’ve befriended and advised over the last quarter-century — members of the federal reserve, those running regulatory agencies, many leaders in congress — have told me they consider it their responsibility to set public opinion aside and deal with the economy as it exists by the hard numbers. for them, government statistics are thought to be as reliable as solid facts.
in recent years, however, as my focus has broadened beyond finance to the economy as a whole, the disconnect between “hard” government numbers and popular perception has spurred me to question that faith. i’ve had the benefit of living in two realms that seem rarely to intersect — one as a washington insider, the other as an adviser to lenders and investors across the country. toggling between the two has led me to be increasingly skeptical that the government’s measurements properly capture the realities defining unemployment, wage growth and the strength of the economy as a whole.



governor’s taxpayer funded audit: “milwaukee public schools are not in a position to ensure student success”

corrinne hess:
the damning 41-page report outlines a number of internal and external factors at the district that have caused multiple failures, including  an “absence of clear vision” and “leadership routinely disempowered to lead.”
“the motivation for this review is clear: mps must make systemic changes to ensure that students — particularly the most vulnerable — are at the center of every decision,” states the audit by mgt of america consulting llc. “ultimately, this work is in service of students, whose future success hinges on a district capable of delivering equitable, high-quality education.”
—-
meanwhile, the taxpayer funded dpi, lead by jill underly continues its rigor reduction campaign.
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10



civics: unconstitutionality index 18.5

doge.gov
this is the number of agency rules created by unelected bureaucrats for each law passed by congress in 2024
code of federal regulations
98.68mtotal words
215.23ktotal sections of regulation
more.
and:
meet the u.s. governmenttrace your tax dollars through the bureaucracy.u.s. government
elon musk:
when not wasting money on bureaucracy, the department of education has been funding anti-americanism, gender nonsense and anti-meritocratic racism



a high schooler from tennessee, frannie block reports, graduated with a 3.4 gpa despite having difficulty reading. now, he is suing his school district.

frannie block:
william, whose last name is listed only as a. in the suit, first enrolled in the clarksville-montgomery county school district in 2016 when he was in the fifth grade. for the next seven years, he scored mostly in the bottom first, second, or third percentiles of his reading fluency assessment tests compared to national standards. in 2019 and 2020, he scored in the bottom ninth and sixth percentiles, respectively. but, a year before he graduated, his reading had regressed so much he was scoring below the first percentile.
that same year, william took a simple writing test asking him to spell 31 words in three minutes. according to his suit, he couldn’t spell half of them, including the word school, which he wrote as shcool.
——-
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
the taxpayer funded madison school district long used reading recovery…
the data clearly indicate that being able to read is not a requirement for graduation at (madison) east, especially if you are black or hispanic”
my question to wisconsin governor tony evers on teacher mulligans and our disastrous reading results
2017: west high reading interventionist teacher’s remarks to the school board on madison’s disastrous reading results 
madison’s taxpayer supported k-12 school district, despite spending far more than most, has long tolerated disastrous reading results.
“an emphasis on adult employment”
wisconsin public policy forum madison school district report[pdf]
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators
friday afternoon veto: governor evers rejects ab446/sb454; an effort to address our long term, disastrous reading results
booked, but can’t read (madison): functional literacy, national citizenship and the new face of dred scott in the age of mass incarceration.
when a stands for average: students at the uw-madison school of education receive sky-high grades. how smart is that?



chinese gpus outperform nvidia chips by nearly tenfold in supercomputer simulations, according to a recent study.

zhang tong:
computer researchers in china using domestically made graphics processors have achieved a near-tenfold boost in performance over powerful us supercomputers that rely on nvidia’s cutting-edge hardware, according to a peer-reviewed study.
the accomplishment points to possible unintended consequences of washington’s escalating tech sanctions while challenging the dominance of american-made chips, long considered vital for advanced scientific research.
the researchers said that innovative software optimisation techniques enabled them to improve efficiency gains in computers powered by chinese-designed graphics processing units(gpus) to outperform us supercomputers in certain scientific computations.



“ai” and values

dan hendrycks:
ais also exhibit significant biases in their value systems. for example, their political values are strongly clustered to the left. unlike random incoherent statistical biases, these values are consistent and likely affect their conversations with users.
llm visualization



“experts” and wisconsin k-12 rigor reduction

dairyland sentinel:
underly, dpi shrug off complaints over state benchmarks; superintendent and her department have yet to comply with open records request
delia watkins, madison metropolitan school district



civics:  open data and governance discussion

nicole shanahan:
exclusive: @datarepublican joins me for her first-ever interview to discuss doge vs usaid, shady ngos, media manipulation, and more.
more.
according to its latest annual report, rmi gets funding from the national science foundation, department of energy, department of state, department of transportation, general services administration, and the us trade and development agency. it is also getting funding from the international finance corporation and world bank.



civics: more on taxpayer funded censorship

matt taibbi:
“take usaid. many americans are now in an uproar because they they learned about over $400,000,000 going to an organization called inner news, whose chief jeanne bourgeault boasted to congress about training hundreds of thousands of people in journalism. but her views are almost identical to carrie’s. she gave a talk once about building trust and combating misinformation in india during the pandemic. she said that after months of a really beautifully unified covid nineteen message, vaccine enthusiasm rose to 87%.”
“but when, quote, mixed information on vaccine efficacy got out, hesitancy ensued. we’re paying this person to train journalists, and she doesn’t know that the press does not exist to promote unity or political goals like vaccine enthusiasm. that’s propaganda, not journalism. bourdieu also once said that to fight bad content, we need to work really hard on exclusionless or inclusionless and, quote, really need to focus our ad ad dollars toward what she called the good news.”
“again, if you don’t know the fastest way to erode trust in media is by having government sponsor exclusion lists, you shouldn’t be getting a dollar in taxpayer money, let alone 476,000,000 of it. and usaid is just a tiny piece of the censorship machine michael and i saw across that long list of agencies.”
“collectively, they bought up every part of the news production line, sources, think tanks, research, fact checking, anti disinformation, commercial media scoring, and when all else fails, straight up censorship. it is a giant closed messaging loop whose purpose is to transform the free press into exactly that consensus machine. there is no way to remove this rod surgically. the whole mechanism has to go.”



$pending more madison taxpayer funds amidst declining achievement

dave cieslewicz
but the scores are even worse in madison where students are 84% behind on math and 72% behind on reading.
we did, in fact, keep schools closed for too long, but that doesn’t explain the madison results because hundreds of school districts kept their schools closed as long as madison did and they’ve recovered faste
——
madison per student spending ranges from $22,633 to $29,827 depending on the number used (!)
——
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
the taxpayer funded madison school district long used reading recovery…
the data clearly indicate that being able to read is not a requirement for graduation at (madison) east, especially if you are black or hispanic”
my question to wisconsin governor tony evers on teacher mulligans and our disastrous reading results
2017: west high reading interventionist teacher’s remarks to the school board on madison’s disastrous reading results 
madison’s taxpayer supported k-12 school district, despite spending far more than most, has long tolerated disastrous reading results.
“an emphasis on adult employment”
wisconsin public policy forum madison school district report[pdf]
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators
friday afternoon veto: governor evers rejects ab446/sb454; an effort to address our long term, disastrous reading results
booked, but can’t read (madison): functional literacy, national citizenship and the new face of dred scott in the age of mass incarceration.
when a stands for average: students at the uw-madison school of education receive sky-high grades. how smart is that?



commentary on parental school choice and the wisconsin dpi superintendent 2025 election (total spending?)

kaylah huynh:
in a marquette law school poll last year, about half of wisconsin respondents said the state’s school choice program was a “complete success” or “mostly a success.” a quarter said the program was “mostly a failure” or a “total failure.”
—-
jill underly and ongoing rigor reduction.
much more on the taxpayer funded dpi.
notes on property tax growth.



“achievement” and the well funded madison school district

abbey machtig
madison students are 72% behind comparable 2019 numbers in reading and 84% behind in math, according to the report.
“education recovery scorecard”
——
madison per student spending ranges from $22,633 to $29,827 depending on the number used (!)
——
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
the taxpayer funded madison school district long used reading recovery…
the data clearly indicate that being able to read is not a requirement for graduation at (madison) east, especially if you are black or hispanic”
my question to wisconsin governor tony evers on teacher mulligans and our disastrous reading results
2017: west high reading interventionist teacher’s remarks to the school board on madison’s disastrous reading results 
madison’s taxpayer supported k-12 school district, despite spending far more than most, has long tolerated disastrous reading results.
“an emphasis on adult employment”
wisconsin public policy forum madison school district report[pdf]
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators
friday afternoon veto: governor evers rejects ab446/sb454; an effort to address our long term, disastrous reading results
booked, but can’t read (madison): functional literacy, national citizenship and the new face of dred scott in the age of mass incarceration.
when a stands for average: students at the uw-madison school of education receive sky-high grades. how smart is that?



k-12 taxpayer funded governance notes

matthew nielsen
i scraped us dept of education’s website for the word “equity.” there were 333 results on 60 pages.
52 occurrences on one page is the record for the website. here are the top 10 pages



“how to dismantle the department of education”

christopher rufo:
there is a tingle of fear in any corporation whenever the words “restructuring,” “merger,” “acquisition,” or “hostile takeover” spread through the office. employees work on their resumes, whisper about projected layoffs, and assess their options.
we’re seeing the same phenomenon unfold right now in our nation’s capital. since taking over last month, president trump has promised to blitz through federal departments to roll back waste, cut ideological programs, and return fiscal sanity to american governance. while republican presidents have long promised to “reduce the size of government,” they have usually failed to do so—the bureaucracy always wins. this time might be different.
the second trump administration has been surprisingly aggressive in its efforts to reform federal agencies, including a controlled demolition of usaid and an audacious buyout plan for government employees. and elon musk, leader of the president’s department of government efficiency, has a long track record of successful, and sometimes extreme, cost-cutting. when musk took over twitter, for example, he fired 80 percent of the employees, and at the same time managed to improve the product and increase its profitability.
the next stage of the conflict between trump and the bureaucracy looks to be the department of education, which the president has correctly identified as a hotbed of left-wing ideologies. almost every republican presidential candidate since 1980 has promised either to shrink or abolish the department, but its budget has only grown. when trump made the same promise on the campaign trail last year, i was skeptical. but musk changes the calculation: the tech entrepreneur has already routed usaid and, as i can confirm from my own reporting, dispatched his doge engineers to investigate the doe. while the department, as a public entity, does not have the same kind of balance sheet as a corporation, it must nevertheless be broken apart and ultimately shut down.



notes on k-12 governance reform

andrew rotherham:

it’s hard to miss that the dems are letting the rs do some of their dirty work for them. the silence around some of the eos on dei, sports, etc…is deafening. there is an old saw in politics that you don’t get in the way when the other guy is shooting himself in the foot. you also stay out of the way when the other party is solving a political headache for you. 
that brings us to secretary of education nominee linda mcmahon. her hearing is later this week. it’s political malpractice she’s not already confirmed. her paperwork is complicated but she was confirmed in 2017 by the senate with 81 votes for small business administrator – where her tenure earned bipartisan praise. her nomination was an absolute layup where the dems risked overreaching. now the problem facing the dems will be just what to focus on in this target saturated environment (though they’ll still probably overreach with the msnbc cameras there and all that). having her confirmed might also help with all this chaos. agree with her or not she’s not a chaos monkey and was well-regarded in connecticut education circles. 
so many lawsuits. and it’s only been a few weeks. it’s exciting to see a whole new generation of attorneys get beach houses in delaware. the plight of the second homeless in d.c. is real. but if team article i isn’t going to do it’s job then put in team article iii coach!

ann althouse summary:
“if the bureaucracy’s in charge, then what meaning does democracy actually have?… it does not match the will of the people.”
and:
federal employee retirements are processed using paper, by hand, in an old limestone mine in pennsylvania. 700+ mine workers operate 230 feet underground to process ~10,000 applications per month, which are stored in manila envelopes and cardboard boxes. the retirement process takes multiple months.



notes on reducing k-12 rigor

karen vaites:
here’s a topic that doesn’t get enough attention: a number of states are handling pandemic-era student achievement declines by lowering the bar for academic success. 
most notably, some states have adjusted their ‘cut scores’ for determining proficiency on state tests. it’s a sleight of hand: the share of students considered “proficient” increases, even as student performance doesn’t improve. this makes schools look better, yet it’s controversial even among educators.
quinton klabon:
wisconsin tried to lower state test benchmarks from “college-ready” to “grade level,” but ended up between, making them useless.
what sucks is teachers actually got close to naep: 61% p, 26% a versus 66% b, 31% p. then, they got scared once they saw what their results would be.



civics: our three part federal government

wall street journal:
the first category includes the administration’s decision to pause discretionary spending to ensure it complies with the president’s priorities. democratic state attorneys general say this is illegal, and judge john mcconnell on monday agreed. the administration is appealing, and judges can’t force a president to spend money that congress has left to his discretion.
most of these spending programs don’t include concrete disbursement deadlines. if mr. trump is violating the law, so was the biden administration, which delayed disbursing grants under the 2021 infrastructure bill and 2022 inflation reduction act to review applications and attach conditions. what mr. trump is doing is no different.
government unions are challenging mr. trump’s buyout offers for federal workers on grounds that congress hasn’t funded them, but this doesn’t make them illegal per se. if mr. trump later doesn’t pay these workers, they could sue in federal claims court.
unions are also challenging mr. trump’s schedule f reform, which removes civil-service protections for some high-ranking career employees. here, too, mr. trump is on strong legal ground. the civil service reform act of 1978 exempts positions “determined to be of a confidential, policy-determining, policy-making or policy-advocating character.”
mr. trump has expanded these exempt positions to employees who supervise investigations, develop regulations and exercise power under an agency’s discretion. congress has expanded the discretion of agencies such that federal workers now boast far more power than they did 50 years ago. a president should be able to hold them accountable for performance to ensure laws are faithfully executed.
…..
harvard law professor hal scott recently argued in these pages that the cfpb is operating illegally because congress funded the agency with earnings from the federal reserve. because the fed has incurred losses since september 2022, mr. scott says the bureau should close unless congress appropriates money for it. this argument is plausible.



“ai” conference remarks


incredible to see a political leader translate how a new technology can promote human flourishing with such clarity. exceptional speech.
pic.twitter.com/iouiv54fdo
— katherine boyle (@ktmboyle) february 11, 2025
 
anthropic economic index:

the main findings from the economic index’s first paper are:

today, usage is concentrated in software development and technical writing tasks. over one-third of occupations (roughly 36%) see ai use in at least a quarter of their associated tasks, while approximately 4% of occupations use it across three-quarters of their associated tasks.
ai use leans more toward augmentation (57%), where ai collaborates with and enhances human capabilities, compared to automation (43%), where ai directly performs tasks.
ai use is more prevalent for tasks associated with mid-to-high wage occupations like computer programmers and data scientists, but is lower for both the lowest- and highest-paid roles. this likely reflects both the limits of current ai capabilities, as well as practical barriers to using the technology.




civics and the courts

alexandria ocasio-cortez:
“the biden administration should ignore the court” – aoc, 2023

"the biden administration should ignore the court" – aoc, 2023 pic.twitter.com/fhf4paykqt
— end wokeness (@endwokeness) february 11, 2025

 
wispolitics:
the state dem party gave susan crawford $2 million last month after collecting a $1 million donation from megadonor george soros and $500,000 from illinois gov. j.b. pritzker.
meanwhile, the state gop gave brad schimel $1.675 million in january after it received $975,000 from beloit businesswoman diane hendricks and $850,000 from illinois businesswoman liz uihlein.



k-12 $pending and outcomes in chicago

ted dabrowski and john klingner
the speed at which doge is pursuing efficiency at the federal government level is both mind-blowing and chaotic. it’s causing elation for some, anxiety for others.
but if you reflect soberly on illinois and chicago’s problems – corruption, ever-higher taxes, declining services and a shrinking population – you’ll quickly reach the conclusion illinois needs a doge of its own. 
if you’re not convinced, take a look at the mess at chicago public schools. it’s the perfect example of a bureaucratic machine in illinois that’s able to drive up costs dramatically year after year despite its obvious and ongoing failure to deliver results. 
start with cps’ failed results. today, just 1 in 5 students are proficient in reading and math on the sat. for black students, it’s only 1 in 10. student proficiencies have fallen about 22% since 2017, the first year illinois administered the sat. 
that failure has chased away many families from cps. district enrollment has shrunk by nearly 60,000 students, or about 15%, since 2017. overall, cps has lost nearly 25% of its enrollment since 2000. 
yet costs have been booming. in just seven years spending has jumped 84% – from $15,800 per student to more than $29,000. hiring is way up, too, with total staff growing by 8,000, or 22%. 



k-12 governance notes: wheaton, il school board candidate

amy erkenswick for cusd200 board of education via awake illinois
my intention was to keep this campaign page a landing spot for positivity and to champion efforts toward our community’s shared goals. i had hoped that the ill-intended efforts of last election season would escape me.
unfortunately, today during my meet & greet i was stalked, accosted, verbally assaulted, physically threatened and harassed by a former cusd200 employee. additionally, at least two current district employees have made social media posts that refer to me in a disparaging manner-posts which have been “liked” by current board of education members.
caring about children and their education and committing your time and efforts to civic service should never result in this level of harassment.
additionally, it should be noted that making disparaging comments about community members and parents of district students is a direct violation of not only cusd200 board of education policy 5:120 but also the code of ethics for illinois educators. do we really need policies to treat eachother like humans? if so, they require enforcement.
the failure of cusd200 leadership (board of education as well as administration) to hold their people accountable to their own policies has resulted in a horribly distorted narrative that has emboldened unwell individuals to pose a direct
caring about children and their education and committing your time and efforts to civic service should never result in this level of harassment.
additionally, it should be noted that making disparaging comments about community members and parents of district students is a direct violation of not only cusd200 board of education policy 5:120 but also the code of ethics for illinois educators. do we really need policies to treat eachother like humans? if so, they require enforcement.
the failure of cusd200 leadership (board of education as well as administration) to hold their people accountable to their own policies has resulted in a horribly distorted narrative that has emboldened unwell individuals to pose a direct and immediate danger to me and my family.
now is the time to end this plotting. i urge you, please discontinue adding fuel to the fire of those who wish to do me harm. please-stop endangering my family.
**snoopdogg and tom brady say stand up to hate.**



an undergraduate student has challenged a long-standing data science conjecture that had stood for 40 years.

nash weerasekera:
together, krapivin (now a graduate student at the university of cambridge), farach-colton (now at new york university) and kuszmaul demonstrated in a january 2025 paper(opens a new tab) that this new hash table can indeed find elements faster than was considered possible. ln so doing, they had disproved a conjecture long held to be true.
“it’s an important paper,” said alex conway(opens a new tab) of cornell tech in new york city. “hash tables are among the oldest data structures we have. and they’re still one of the most efficient ways to store data.” yet open questions remain about how they work, he said. “this paper answers a couple of them in surprising ways.”



civics: notes on licensing reform

institute for reforming government

while the reins act has not reduced the overall number of regulations on the books in wisconsin, i.e. the overall regulatory burden, the data suggests it has likely reduced the rate of increase that would have almost certainly occurred in an administration.
outside of a decrease between 2021 and 2022, the overall number ofregulatory restrictions in place in wisconsin have increased since 2017.
the average number of permanent rules approved during the walker administration were significantly lowerthan the previous doyle administration. in the first year of the walker administration the number of permanent rules was reduced by almost 100.
while the average number of permanent rules passed during the evers administration could have been closer to the 2019 high of 166 (which would have far surpassed the doyle administration average), the average has instead remained below the doyle administration average and is actually closer to the less-than 100 average of the walker administration.

more.
the licensing racket
much more on licensing, here.



civics: notes on the grant industrial complex and publishing

wikileaks:
the author, david golumbia, who also wrote “the politics of bitcoin: software as right-wing extremism”, has previously received at least $80k in direct us government grants. umn made no apparent attempt to fact check the book, which is now on the reading lists of two courses at the university of southern california and duke.



“ai” and education implications

hollis robbins:
“ai” summary:
universities must reevaluate their faculty and curriculum in light of agi’s capabilities. faculty will be retained for their unique expertise, hands-on training, and original research, while lecture courses and general education will be replaced by advanced research seminars and hands-on training.
——-
more.



notes on taxpayer funds oversight

eko:
that trail led to staggering discoveries. programs marked as independent revealed coordinated funding streams. grants labeled as humanitarian aid showed curious detours through complex networks. black budgets once shrouded in secrecy began to unravel under algorithmic scrutiny.
by 6 am, treasury’s career officials began arriving for work. they found systems they thought impenetrable already mapped. networks they believed hidden already exposed. power structures built over decades revealed in hours.
their traditional defenses—slow-walking decisions, leaking damaging stories, stonewalling requests—proved useless against an opponent moving faster than their systems could react. by the time they drafted their first memo objecting to this breach, three more systems had already been mapped.



the growing gap between college sticker prices and what people actually pay

oyin adedoyin>:
at nyu, the published cost including housing and living expenses topped $82,000 in the 2022-23 school year. that is roughly a 20% increase from 2006-07, accounting for inflation. but a separate calculation for those who received aid from the school showed the price they paid dropped by 34% over the same period to roughly $30,700.
bille, now 24, had wanted to go to nyu since middle school. the las vegas native is the daughter of immigrants who never navigated the american college system. 
when she got into nyu in february 2019, the lack of aid didn’t deter her. the total cost for freshman year that fall, including room and board, was $75,502, according to nyu.
she had gotten a jump-start bringing the cost down with dozens of scholarship applications before she got accepted. but she kept applying. she color-coded her spreadsheet to track their status. a yellow row meant she was waiting to hear back. red meant she had been rejected. green meant she got the schola



a generation of schoolchildren is being exhorted to believe in their brain’s elasticity. does it really help them learn?

carl hendrick:
over the past century, a powerful idea has taken root in the educational landscape. the notion of intelligence as something innate and fixed has been supplanted by the idea that intelligence is instead something malleable; that we are not prisoners of immutable characteristics and that, with the right training, we can be the authors of our own cognitive capabilities.
nineteenth-century scientists including francis galton and alfred binet devoted their own considerable intelligence to a quest to classify and understand human cognitive ability. if we could codify the anatomy of intelligence, they believed, we could place individuals into their correct niche in society. binet would go on to develop the first iq tests, laying the foundations for a method of ranking the intelligence of job applicants, army recruits or schoolchildren that continues today.
in the early 20th century, progressive thinkers revolted against this idea that inherent ability is destiny. instead, educators such as john dewey argued that every child’s intelligence could be developed, given the right environment. the self, according to dewey, is not something ‘ready made’ but rather ‘in continuous formation through choice of action’. in the 1960s and ’70s, psychologists such as albert bandura bridged some of the gap between the innate and the learned models of intelligence with his idea of social cognitive theory, self-efficacy and motivation. one can recognise that there are individual differences in ability, bandura argued, but still emphasise the potential for growth for each individual, wherever one’s starting point.



the licensing racket

alex tabarrok summary:
governments enact occupational-licensing laws but rarely handle regulation directly—there’s no bureau of hair braiding. instead, interpretation and enforcement are delegated to licensing boards, typically dominated by members of the profession. occupational licensing is self-regulation. the outcome is predictable: driven by self-interest, professional identity and culture, these boards consistently favor their own members over consumers.
ms. allensworth conducted exhaustive research for “the licensing racket,” spending hundreds of hours attending board meetings—often as the only nonboard member present. at the tennessee board of alarm-system contractors, most of the complaints come from consumers who report the sort of issues that licensing is meant to prevent: poor installation, code violations, high-pressure sales tactics and exploitation of the elderly. but the board dismisses most of these complaints against its own members, and is far more aggressive in disciplining unlicensed handymen who occasionally install alarm systems. as ms. allensworth notes, “the board was ten times more likely to take action in a case alleging unlicensed practice than one complaining about service quality or safety.”



“as u.s. students keep falling behind, educators keep lowering standards”  

frannie block:
what’s more, american students in the bottom 10th and 25th percentiles “are performing lower than they did in the early 1990s,” said martin west, the dean of the harvard graduate school of education and a member of the national assessment governing board. this disparity between the highest- and lowest-achieving students is known as the “achievement gap”—and the u.s. now appears to have one of the largest in the world, compared to other wealthy nations.
there are a number of theories as to why proficiency rates are declining. the pandemic lockdowns that started in 2020 and the omnipresence of cell phones in schools haven’t helped.
but instead of trying to solve the problem, a number of educators are actually covering it up—by lowering the educational standards in their states.



“fight to protect academic labor from the incursion of ai…”

calfac.org
whereas, there is a long history of workers and unions challenging the introduction of new technologies in order to maintain power in the workplace; and
whereas, other unions have begun to address ai in their cbas (e.g., sag, afta, and wga) and have had significant victories in this arena; and
whereas, there are concerns that ai will replace roles at the university that will make it difficult or impossible to solve classroom, human resources, or other issues since it is not intelligent;
and
whereas, the csu has already begun to push ai as a tool through workshops, trainings, and institutional development; and
whereas, ai, especially llms, and other algorithmic technologies are often referred to as “smart,” “ai powered,” “data driven” or other euphemistic terminology to conceal their implementation from users and enhance the perception of their value; and
whereas, the csu and individual campuses regularly sign contracts with tech companies, implement new learning technologies, and impose new technological “solutions,” including “smart,” “ai powered,” or “data driven” technologies, without consulting cfa; and
whereas, ai will have a wide range of impacts that can’t be addressed by simply amending existing one cba article including: ai’s propensity to exacerbate forms of institutional racism, sexism, and gender discrimination raises concerns around hiring and evaluation; ai’s threat to intellectual property including use of music, writing, and the creative arts as well as faculty generated course content without acknowledgement or permission; the potential for online instruction without direct faculty oversight or the massive expansion of classes through mandated ai use as a “speed-up”; and ai’s impact on development of new ideas, creativity, and academic freedom; and.



delaware considers k-12 taxpayer funding update

sarah mueller:
delaware has a resource-based school funding system that was created in 1940. that means there’s a yearly count of students where the number of children in each building are converted into units. meyer has voiced support for moving to a weighted student funding formula, where the money follows the student based on need.
delaware’s education leaders and advocates have historically been divided between keeping the current system or moving to one where the money follows the child. critics of the system say it fails to provide enough resources for low-income students, students with disabilities and english language learners. supporters say the unit formula is easy to understand and predictable.
what’s clear is the state’s current education system is failing its students. delaware is ranked 45th in the nation for educational outcomes,according to research from the university of delaware. three-fourths of fourth graders are unable to read proficiently and 82% of eighth graders are below proficiency in math. earlier this month, gov. meyer declared a “literacy emergency” after national test scores revealed eighth grade reading scores in the first state hit a 27-year low in 2024.



school choice programs: testing mandates are more prevalent than you might realize

michael petrilli:
eli hager and his colleagues at propublica have published some eyebrow-raising articles lately about arizona’s universal education savings account (esa) program. most recently, hager dug into its testing and accountability requirements—or lack thereof. when it comes to the public’s ability—and that of policymakers—to know whether arizona’s program, or the schools and other vendors that it’s funding, are effective, there’s zilch, nada, nothing.
yet arizona turns out to be something of an outlier. most school choice programs—including education savings accounts programs, especially those enacted in recent years—come with sometesting mandates. granted, there isn’t as much transparency or accountability as i’d like. as i told hager, “if you’re a private school that gets most of its money now from the public…there should be accountability for you, as there is for public schools. if the public is paying your bills, i don’t see what the argument is for there not to be.”
yet in many other states, there’s more of it than conventional wisdom assumes. table 1 provides a detailed look at testing, transparency, and accountability requirements, pulled from a recent rand analysis, as well as education week, futureed, and (especially) edchoice.
table 1: testing, transparency, and accountability requirements in america’s largest private school choice programs[1]
——
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
 taxpayer funded madison school district long used reading recovery…
the data clearly indicate that being able to read is not a requirement for graduation at (madison) east, especially if you are black or hispanic”
my question to wisconsin governor tony evers on teacher mulligans and our disastrous reading results
2017: west high reading interventionist teacher’s remarks to the school board on madison’s disastrous reading results 
madison’s taxpayer supported k-12 school district, despite spending far more than most, has long tolerated disastrous reading results.
“an emphasis on adult employment”
wisconsin public policy forum madison school district report[pdf]
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators
friday afternoon veto: governor evers rejects ab446/sb454; an effort to address our long term, disastrous reading results
booked, but can’t read (madison): functional literacy, national citizenship and the new face of dred scott in the age of mass incarceration.
when a stands for average: students at the uw-madison school of education receive sky-high grades. how smart is that?



the university of michigan is trimming fake diversity. expect other schools to follow

jonathan butcher
the university of michigan’s recent about-face on dei is both encouraging and instructive. yes, even high-profile institutions with long records of supporting racial favoritism and radical ideological movements can show common sense—but sometimes it takes public humiliation in the media and losses in courtrooms to get them to budge.
after last month’s first set of executive orders from president donald trump, other schools would do well to drop dei before experiencing the embarrassment that rattled ann arbor.
in december, umichigan officials announced that they would no longer ask job applicants to submit “diversity, equity, and inclusion” (dei) statements as part of their applications.



follow the money

unlockaid:
meanwhile, many communities cannot access the very resources that were created for them. in august, the guardian reportedthat the u.s. government’s inflation reduction act created $60 billion for environmental justice investments, but “many of the small, community-based organizations that would benefit from funding the most … simply don’t have the time or resources to navigate the complicated bureaucratic process of applying for funding.”
these issues are taking a toll on americans’ faith in their government to deliver results. the healthcare.gov debacle is perhaps one of the most well known examples of massive failure brought to you by the beltway bandits. but stories like this are increasingly the norm.
it’s not enough for lawmakers to reduce discussions about the management of our public resources every year to tired and familiar debates about how much the u.s. should be spending on what priorities. the u.s. needs to be just as focused on who is making those decisions and to whom and to what ends those resources flow.




where have all the good teachers gone?

dissident teacher:
the teaching profession has been eviscerated by counterproductive policies like equitable grading and our laughably unserious teacher training colleges. teachers are now something between daycare provider and hr manager with little technical expertise. they oversee a factory full of workers who don’t know what they’re building or why. nobody pushes back because everyone gets paid regardless of what the factory turns out.
as i’ve detailed in multiple articles available on x (and on my substack; link in bio), the system incentivizes teachers to do the least possible work. principals do not look for experts in their respective fields, they look for young, inexpensive, debt-laden college graduates with the right paperwork. the system then conditions them to follow orders using three carrots: summers off, minimal accountability (we can always blame the parents!) and tenure. in other words, it teaches them it’s okay to not work very hard.
a teacher who knows her subject, transmits that knowledge coherently, designs practice that helps students move it into long-term memory and expects students to later demonstrate mastery of all of the course material makes admin’s job much harder because it puts the lie to their grading systems (they’re all gamed) and behavioral controls (there aren’t any).
once admin recognizes this aberration, she will be taught to change in one of two ways.
——-
more.



utah lawmakers abandoned efforts to compromise on a bill restoring a sweeping prohibition on collective bargaining for public employees

carmen nesbitt:
utah lawmakers in a bill draft wednesday restored a proposed ban on collective bargaining rights for public employees, backtracking after days of negotiations with public sector unions who were hoping to reach a compromise with legislators.
lawmakers in an earlier revision had removed an outright ban on collective bargaining, though the updated bill draft at that time still would have required public sector unions to undergo a “recertification election” every five years.
but after failing to reach a “consensus” on the “neutrality” of the revised bill draft with union representatives, lawmakers in their latest proposal this week reverted to the original intent of hb267— prohibiting collective bargaining altogether across all government-owned organizations, including public schools, law enforcement and fire departments.
specifically, it would bar public employers from “recognizing a labor organization as a bargaining agent” and from entering into collective bargaining contracts.
related: wisconsin act 10 



notes on history and taxpayer funded governance

mike solana:
with fdr long gone, and the cold war long over, the machinery built to defend us from foreign power rusted, degraded, and slowly rotted. with no external threat demanding competence, weak men flourished in the system. these men hired even weaker men, who in turn hired… whatever it is we’re looking at today. much as a beached whale carcass puffs up with gas, the size of our government bloated as it atrophied. now, the state is mostly a jobs program for mediocre people, and at its very worst it’s a staging ground for radicals hell bent on paralyzing the nation. i do believe we need a federal government staffed with competent men and women. i do believe there are competent men and women who still work in washington. but the federal government is presently too big, and too full of waste, and that waste looks far too much like fraud. i do not think (most) critics are fans of the waste and fraud. but, despite their many flaws, the bureaucrats are still basically center left. and for a center leftist, i imagine this feels more comfortable than a center right president elected to power.
the new york times noted trump’s approach to reducing the size of the government is a near mirror image of elon’s strategy at twitter. this is true, and it’s worth noting panic over doge in washington is also near identical to the panic we saw from the tech press when elon took twitter private. back then, journalists insisted the company would die. imminently, they said. this of course never happened, and everyone who said it would happen of course never believed what they were saying. critics at the time weren’t afraid twitter would shut down, they were afraid twitter would survive — but without censorship and propaganda. likewise, center left doge critics aren’t worried the government will break. they’re worried it won’t, and the center left deep state will lose power.
to my eye, concern for the deep state seems reasonable. elon is absolutely wrecking these people. but even still, the tech right should be more clear-eyed. similarities between the twitter deep state and the actual real ass american deep state end at the media freaking out over their destruction. this is a real war for power, and the stakes are far higher than a failed company.
over the weekend, former candidate for congress and darling left-wing thinkboi will stancil suggested elon musk should be executed. the sentiment is fairly common on bluesky, where violent implications are banned but calls for actual violence are generally encouraged, a philosophy well summarized by professional crazy person akilah hughes, last seen defending the assassin luigi mangione. “can we skip to them facing the firing squads?” she seemed to ask of doge employees.
concurrently, i’ve seen this dumb matt y tweet making the rounds again:



houston’s top horn musician allegedly harassed rice students for decades. and the school knew.

riya misra:
rice university’s famed horn professor william vermeulen abruptly retired last spring amid a swirl of sexual misconduct allegations. but dozens of students and industry insiders say “the administration has known for 30 years” — and failed to act.



higher education policies and die governance

paul caron summary:
the university of minnesota law school is halting the hiring of a new assistant dean of diversity, equity and inclusion as president donald trump continues to crack down on dei in federal programs.
dean william mcgeveran said he “had no choice but to pause the search” for an assistant dean of dei. mcgeveran made the comments in an email on friday. the school has spent at least the last three months searching for a new assistant dei dean and is canceling scheduled visits for the finalists.



student was robbed, beaten inside madison east high school by a group of teens, madison police say

anna hansen 
several madison east high school students allegedly battered and robbed another student tuesday afternoon, madison police say.
officers were dispatched to the school at 12:49 p.m. on reports of an altercation in which six students had beaten and stolen money from another student, police spokesperson stephanie fryer said in a statement. the victim was hospitalized for his injuries.
the alleged assailants, a 14-year-old boy, two 15-year-old boys and two 16-year-old boys, are facing pending charges of substantial battery – party to a crime; strong armed robbery – party to a crime; disorderly conduct, physical abuse to a child and bail jumping, fryer said. an additional teen, a 17-year-old boy, is facing the same charges.



commentary on the 2025 wisconsin dpi superintendent election

kayla huynh on jill underly:
underly’s top priorities include securing more state funding for schools and increasing the amount of money schools are reimbursed for special education services. she wants the state to reimburse 90% of schools’ special education costs. 
on jeff wright:
wright’s top priorities are to restore confidence in the department of public instruction, rebuild the relationship between the agency and schools, and “stop the hemorrhaging of talent from the department.” 
his other priority is to close the state’s academic achievement gap. wisconsin’s racial disparity in math and reading continues to be the largest among the nation’s states, according to last year’s results from a federal test. 
brittany kinser:
david blaska:
will voters send jill underly home with a teacher’s note?  let’s cut to the chase: wisconsin’s superintendent of public instruction is guilty of cheating on her tests. cooking the books. skewing the numbers to hide the fact that more students under her watch are failing the basics.
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
 taxpayer funded madison school district long used reading recovery…
the data clearly indicate that being able to read is not a requirement for graduation at (madison) east, especially if you are black or hispanic”
my question to wisconsin governor tony evers on teacher mulligans and our disastrous reading results
2017: west high reading interventionist teacher’s remarks to the school board on madison’s disastrous reading results 
madison’s taxpayer supported k-12 school district, despite spending far more than most, has long tolerated disastrous reading results.
“an emphasis on adult employment”
wisconsin public policy forum madison school district report[pdf]
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators
friday afternoon veto: governor evers rejects ab446/sb454; an effort to address our long term, disastrous reading results
booked, but can’t read (madison): functional literacy, national citizenship and the new face of dred scott in the age of mass incarceration.
when a stands for average: students at the uw-madison school of education receive sky-high grades. how smart is that?



the price of rigor reduction

laura mckenna:
parent backlash against the national education test results is happening in nj. steve snapped pictures of these signs at the train station.


legislation and reading: the wisconsin experience 2004
——
parents overestimate student achievement, underestimate spending
related: act 10
did taxpayer funded wisconsin dpi superintendent underly juice test scores for reelection?
 taxpayer funded madison school district long used reading recovery…
the data clearly indicate that being able to read is not a requirement for graduation at (madison) east, especially if you are black or hispanic”
my question to wisconsin governor tony evers on teacher mulligans and our disastrous reading results
2017: west high reading interventionist teacher’s remarks to the school board on madison’s disastrous reading results 
madison’s taxpayer supported k-12 school district, despite spending far more than most, has long tolerated disastrous reading results.
“an emphasis on adult employment”
wisconsin public policy forum madison school district report[pdf]
weac: $1.57 million for four wisconsin senators
friday afternoon veto: governor evers rejects ab446/sb454; an effort to address our long term, disastrous reading results
booked, but can’t read (madison): functional literacy, national citizenship and the new face of dred scott in the age of mass incarceration.
when a stands for average: students at the uw-madison school of education receive sky-high grades. how smart is that?







schoolinfosystem.org



