




van lingen towing






















van lingen towing - van lingen towing


















































 2755 lomita, torrance, ca 90503  20621 earl street, torrance ca 90503  10219 hawthorne blvd, inglewood ca 90301









































call us
(310) 370-4533






email us
global@vanlingen.com






office hours
mon-fri 8am - 5pm, sat. 8am - 12pm




get in touch

















home

company 

about us
faq



services

forms 

release my vehicle
employment
authorization


contact



















over 75 years of excellence in the
towing industry

our services
contact now











world class service
when service matters
your choice is simple

our services











meet our team
we believe in professionalism
we will deal with all situations in a competent and respectful manner.

get free quote
learn more












proudly serving southern california since 1948


our services













we understand your needs in towing




request quote











about us
one call does it all
since 1948 van lingen group has taken the “one call does it all” approach to new levels. with a versatile fleet, state of the art dispatch center, and cross-trained staff, we can handle all of your needs! our fleet has the capability to tow small passenger vehicles, to 500 ton cranes. give us a call today to learn more about the van lingen difference.









reputation for excellence









we build partnerships











guided by commitment









a team of professionals






our values
loyalty, honesty, dependability and integrity are our foundational principles! our staff is always happy to help, and always meet our customers’ needs. our staff is also background and live scanned to ensure a safe and friendly experience for you.





                          safety
                      



being a towing operator is one of the most dangerous jobs in the world. our staff not only is trained in traffic incident management, we also ensure all drivers are in proper ansi work uniforms. every one of our operators is also trained in modern towing techniques, ensuring your vehicle is taken care of properly.
                    






                          customer service
                      



our reputation over 75 years of business speaks for itself, but customer service will always be our top priority! we have created a state of the art dispatch center, custom call center, and custom towing software to ensure your needs as a customer are always taken care of.
                    


















0
tows completed







0
staff members









0
municipalities served


 









we are specialists in
what we do










wheel lift
a wheel lift truck is what many consider a “standard tow truck”.







flatbeds
a flatbed truck is used to transport vehicles with all wheels off the ground.







medium duty

					  a medium duty towing unit is used to tow and transport medium sized commercial vehicles.
				  












heavy duty
a heavy duty towing unit is used for both towing and recovery.







lowboy
a landoll or lowboy is a trailer that is commonly used to transport large commercial vehicles.







rotator services
a rotator is one of the most versatile pieces of equipment in the towing and recovery industry.





view all services










work of excellence
recent projects






view all projects









what people are saying about us
reviews









                      car down. needed assistance. who you gonna call? van lingen.i was involved in a serious accident not too long ago and it occurred in an area that i had not visited in some time. i didn't have much time to react because the cops swarmed the scene and i was trying to grab insurance information from the driver who hit me.

van lingen showed up within minutes of the accident and they approached me concerned about my well-being rather than what had to happen to the car. the driver could see the stress on my face and was very comforting. he explained what had to be done and gave me several options as to how to proceed with the towing of my car. he told me exactly where he would be taking it and when i could come and see the car. he even told me the insurance would be taking care of everything and that i should relax and worry more about making sure i am okay and uninjured.
                    


neil p.








i was involved in a big accident this morning on the 405 and their heavy duty driver came out to tow my ford f650 off the freeway he was super professional and i would like to recommend anyone that needs roadside assistance to call them or give them a chance.
                    


balfre s.








these guys are the best.  needed a heavy tow, rotator crane, after an accident that left my car at bottom of ditch surrounded by large trees,etc.  called them around 7 pm and by 8:30 pm they were on site evaluating the situation and brought in the equipment.  after about 3 hours, extraction complete with no additional damage.  very professional and prompt service.  they even walked me through some insurance questions, too.


mark b.








it wasn't an ideal situation, to no fault of van lingen, but the staff was friendly and it didn't take long to retrieve my vehicle from the back. the lobby was clean and only one person in front of me. i went around 9:30am.


ms. empowered








my car got towed and impounded by city of torrance. that was horrible. but, the woman who helped me here was so incredible and made a bad situation bearable.


crystal hickman








they can move anything. i built a large tuckbox for my daughter and had to move, they sent out a flatbed and treated it as if it was there's such care. awesome job.


michael star








one of the cleanest tow lots i have seen. several security cameras as well.


gordon




















can we help?
(310)-370-4533











work of excellence
recent projects













cliffside recovery in palos verdes



 july 20, 2017
                    













overturned semi truck on the 405 freeway



 june 17, 2017
                    













double parking at smart and final



 aug 13, 2017
                    







see all posts










about us

over 75 years of excellence in the towing industry.










working hours

              we work 7 days a week, every day excluding major holidays. contact us if you have an emergency, with our
              hotline and contact form.
               office hours:
               monday - friday: 08:00 - 17:00 
 saturday: 08:00 - 12:00



services

wheel lift
flatbeds
medium duty
heavy duty
rotator services










copyright © , van lingen towing, inc.





about van lingen towing
our services
faq



































 