










home - oregon area chamber of commerce

























































 
 

















skip to content






























contact us











member login













facebook icon





instagram icon





linkedin icon
















 
about us membership benefits staff & board of directors chamber ambassadors community guide contact usmember directoryfor members member login membership benefits member application sponsorship opportunities job postings press releases chamber bucks economic developmentnews & events event calendar annual celebration business expo oregon summer fest golf outing press releasessummer fest festival information sponsor summer fest volunteer community parade photo galleryvisit oregon visit oregon parks & recreation public services economic development village of oregon >> town of oregon >> oregon school district >> oregon cable access (oca media) >>contact








 














 









a great place to



































welcome to the oregon chamber of commerce!
the oregon area chamber of commerce is a membership association with the goal to both further the business and economic development interests of the oregon community, and contribute to oregon’s great quality of life.





























upcoming events


















































































member directory

find a member 
find great businesses in our area who are working to provide goods and services to make our economy strong!
 








directory search


















member directory

become a member 
grow your business while contributing to the success and prosperity of the regional business community we all share.
 








join today


















member directory

find an event 
connect at a networking event. grow your business with our dynamic educational opportunities.
 








event calendar




























chamber & community event calendar

click to view full calendar of events >>





























get ready for three days of nonstop fun!
oregon summer fest 2024 set a new standard, and we’re gearing up to make 2025 even better! last year, attendees enjoyed a dazzling friday night fireworks display, thrilling carnival rides, and incredible live music. families raved about the summer safety spectacular, featuring special guests like bucky badger, maynard from the madison mallards, culver’s scoopie, and smokey the bear. plus, over 60 vendors showcased unique crafts at the bustling prairie view elementary craft fair.
 
summer fest 2025 is june 20–22!









event details











sponsorship levels











volunteer













 












© 2025 oregon area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












oregon area chamber of commerce














phone




608.835.3697 










location




101 alpine pkwy, ste 204, oregon, wi 53575 










email




director@oregonwi.com 










facebook icon





instagram icon





linkedin icon












member login








search member directory








weekly newsletter - signup












 © 2025 oregon area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top



















