




option wizard¨ -- options -- option wizard -- stock options,
		index options, futures options, excel, black-scholes, calls, puts





















welcome 
              to option wizard®. our mission: to help you become an option wizard 
              yourself, and generate consistent profits.
              
              
              
              
              





option wizards®:  real life success stories 
								from the financial markets 

								(expanded 2nd edition, 2020)
you've heard it 
								many times:  "nine 
								out of 10 stock, futures and options traders 
								lose their money.” 
								for many, it is enough to dissuade. a few press 
								ahead.  a few turn the old saw on its head 
								thusly: ‘one out of ten succeeds’ ---- and then 
								immerse themselves in the business of finding 
								out why.  here are the winners, the why and 
								the how.  compendium of option wizard® 
								trade press how to, success features (sheridan, 
								harvey, ladd, urrutia, sizemore, riggio, 
								nunamaker) and more.  from
								amazon 

								or pdf download direct from 

								the option wizard®
								
								store.
								
								full color version available as well.





market mentors 


(updated 2nd edition, 2017) 
								


								surveys the burgeoning field of market mentors, 
								their methods, strategies, and what their 
								students say. this is a must read before you 
								plunk down your hard-won cash. this new cottage 
								industry has been taken up by brokers, small 
								companies and one-man shops. emphasis on options 
								education, which started some 20 years ago, 
								gained widespread interest some 10 years ago, 
								and grown steadily since then. this new book 
								surveyed the field initially several years ago, 
								and then again in 2012, then again 2017, to catalog changes. the 
								consummation of hundreds of hours of research, 
								market mentors covers some 22 programs whose 
								fees range from free to $25,000, from major 
								brokers and institutions, to one man shops, and 
								all points in between. conclusions? as with 
								other professions, there is a vast range of 
								approach from mentor to mentor. while a newcomer 
								to markets and options can benefit from 
								mentoring, the author recommends: study the 
								field, then ask questions. and then be prepared 
								for hard work, lots of it. trading is not an 
								easy way to earn money, those who tell you it is 
								should have one mark against them from the 
								outset. this book will put you way ahead of the 
								curve, and save costly errors. from
								amazon.  
								



new. option wizard® 
                                
                                blog    
                                

                                subscribe. 
                                




new. option wizard® 
                                
                                poll      what is your favorite options strategy?





new.  

option wizard® 
                                
                                quiz    
                                 

                                test your knowledge.






                                option 
			wizard® trading method

								the classic.  an options approached based 
								on directional trading, recently updated, expanded, 
                                publication.
								buy from us (save) or amazon if you prefer.
			more...


option 
              wizard® best of the options 
								bloggers




view rss feed



view rss feed





some 
                                of the bloggers we feature provide options 
                                mentoring.  interested?  
                                not long ago we undertook an exhaustive study of the 
                                20 or some entrants in the field.  want 
                                some insights? 
                                
                                register and request in the comment box.  
                                we'll get in touch.  some more options 
                                blogs
                                
                                here....








chicago -- option wizard is a registered trademark of sarkett & associates, inc.
			






feedjit live blog stats



