






jamaica inn | luxury 5-star resort in ocho rios, jamaica

































skip to main content







close





about jamaica inn

our history
facilities
environment
turtle hatching calendar
jamaica inn foundation



gallery


rooms

balcony suite
deluxe verandah suite
premier verandah suite
cowdray suite
blue cottage
suite 21
two-bedroom cottages
one-bedroom cottages



dining

breakfast
lunch
afternoon tea
cocktails & hors d'ouevres
teddy's beach grill
dinner



spa

brochure



experiences


weddings & events

weddings
events



exclusive offers





contact us (+1 855-441-2044)
getting here


































contact us (+1 855-441-2044)
getting here



book now





































welcome home
get back to you 
join us in a timeless place, free from distraction and demands. this is where the simple joys of living come into focus and the soul is replenished. it’s escape, perfected.

book now
see our location












about us 
the legacy unfolds.
for over 65 years, we’ve been welcoming guests to our secluded, eight-acre retreat. be enticed by the warm champagne sands of our private beach, stay for the notoriously warm-hearted service. the luminaries of this world have always been drawn to our shores. find out why. 
read more
book now













suites and cottages
a view with a room.
our oversized suites and cottages let nothing get between you and nature. each space offers panoramic views of the caribbean sea, and an authentic character that feels untouched by time. 
read more
book now













things to do
or, do absolutely nothing.
take an organised tour of the gardens or simply stop and smell the flowers. race a sunfish over the waves – or see if there’s time for another planter’s punch before lunch. so much to explore, so little pressure to do any of it. 
read more
book now








"jamaica inn offers bags of old-school charm - its pedigree is unassailable" the sunday times 

“jamaica inn, where marilyn monroe honeymooned and winston churchill painted, is the best place to tune into this early jet-set vibe”  the telegraph 

“this old-school boutique resort on a private cove is still the grand dame of jamaica”  hotels above par 






facilities let’s set the scene.
our crescent-shaped private beach is the blissful base for your day’s relaxation, whether that’s basking under a palapa, experiencing a turtle hatching, or exploring the aquamarine waters of the caribbean. a 700-foot swathe of warm golden shore awaits. 





1


                                            close
                                        
suite 21 perfectly private occupying its own peninsula, this idyllic suite enjoys sweeping views of the caribbean sea and blissful seclusion. includes an oceanfront sundeck, private plunge pool and plenty of space to lounge around. 




2


                                            close
                                        
west wing premier verandah suites these airy, light-filled suites have large, king-size beds, ensuite bathrooms and furnished verandahs with views of the caribbean. a soothing space where you can unwind to the sound of the waves. 




3


                                            close
                                        
sea shanty open-air fare the perfect spot to tuck into a hearty breakfast or a light lunch at the inn. dine beside the crystal-clear waters of the caribbean with a cooling breeze in your hair. 




4


                                            close
                                        
terrace restaurant dine under the stars the terrace comes alive every evening with an everchanging menu showcasing the freshest island ingredients, and live music to set the tone. don’t miss weekly lobster nights when they’re in season! 




5


                                            close
                                        
bar shaken, stirred, served join us at the jamaica inn bar for a cocktail, pre-dinner aperitif or a top-up. we also serve cocktails and complimentary hors d’oeuvres on the terrace every evening from 7pm – 8pm. 




6


                                            close
                                        
library read the room where better to while away a lazy afternoon? admire the photos adorning the walls, spend quality time with your favourite novel or simply sip a cocktail and soak up the atmosphere. 




7


                                            close
                                        
cocktail terrace hit the spot the place to be before dinner. join us on the terrace for a refreshing pre-dinner drink and some delicious hors d’oeuvres to ease effortlessly into another enchanting evening at jamaica inn. 




8


                                            close
                                        
reception it all starts here from the moment you arrive, we’ll greet you with the warmth and familiarity of family. check in and feel the pressures of the outside world simply drift away on the breeze. 




9


                                            close
                                        
main wing balcony suites & deluxe verandah suites our first-floor balcony suites enjoy uninterrupted views across the beach and caribbean, while our ground-floor deluxe verandah suites spill out directly onto the croquet lawn and beach beyond. 




10


                                            close
                                        
east wing balcony suites, premier verandah suites & deluxe verandah suites there’s a range of enticing accommodation options in the east wing. watch the sunset from a balcony suite, enjoy indoor-outdoor luxury in a premier verandah or choose a deluxe verandah for easy access to the beach. 




11


                                            close
                                        
blue cottage beachy bliss all our accommodation is handy for the beach, but none more so than the charming blue cottage, which sits directly alongside the champagne-coloured sands and has a large verandah for watching the waves. 




12


                                            close
                                        
beach wing premier verandah suites located within touching distance of the sand, our beach wing suites allow you to practically tumble out of bed and into a sunlounger. expect gorgeous antique furniture and fresh flowers inside. 




13


                                            close
                                        
pool & teddy's beach bar and grill fyah and water at teddy’s you can tuck into pizzas fresh from the wood fire oven with your feet in the sand and the stars overhead or simply grab a chilled drink and head straight for the pool.  




14


                                            close
                                        
croquet lawn take your shot join us for a leisurely game of croquet on this pristine lawn. every saturday at 3pm we offer complimentary croquet tuition with a chilled glass of rosé to help you perfect your technique. 




15


                                            close
                                        
cottages romantic retreats our opulent one and two-bedroom cottages offer plenty of self-contained living space, with their own plunge pools, panoramic views of the caribbean and direct access to the sea. 




16


                                            close
                                        
the ocean spa naturally beautiful our tranquil oceanfront spa harnesses the healing power of nature, with an array of treatments designed to nourish mind, body and soul. don’t miss a soak in the blissful saltwater sea bath! 




17


                                            close
                                        
boutique / gift shop take jamaica home this colourful, well-stocked gift shop has an array of mementos and essentials, all carefully chosen to highlight local island artisans, makers and crafts. the perfect spot for souvenir shopping. 




18


                                            close
                                        
gym move it, move it whether you want to work towards your goals, or simply work up an appetite before cocktail hour, our small but well-equipped fitness centre has plenty of equipment to keep you motivated. 




19


                                            close
                                        
wrfs protect. restore. engage. as proud members of the white river foundation, we protect the waters around jamaica inn, and are part of a coral restoration programme to help nurture and restore healthy marine life.  










follow us
@thejamaicainn







stories from the inn











i agree to the terms & conditions




subscribe








faqs
our blog
press




privacy




ocho rios
jamaica
west indies
resinfo@jamaicainn.com

tel: 











© copyright jamaica inn 2023 ocho rios, jamaica, west indies
website by 80 days








we use cookies to deliver the best online experience for you. by using our website you agree to our use of cookies, in acceptance of our privacy policy
accept















