







new york city feminist weddings | kamila harris photography



















































        
          
            kamila harris photography
          
        
      




















































              home
            

              meet kamila
            

            info
          

            portfolio
          

        client access
      



            book your wedding!
          


















































homemeet kamilainfoportfolioclient access





                
                  
                    kamila harris photography
                  
                
              
inclusive and modern nyc wedding photographer




book your wedding!









scroll






 

modern wedding photos

  









modern, vibrant and honest wedding photography













hi! i’m kamila, an elopement and wedding photographer specializing in candid, natural photos that capture not only what everything looks like, but more importantly, what everything feels like on your big day.i use film and digital cameras to preserve the memories and experiences that can only happen in the moment so they can bring you right back to it years later.  and yes, i know, i know, but i am not kamala harris so if you’re looking for her website click here ! 













i see my job as a way to help you write your love story.  i love getting to know my clients, so that on your wedding day i see it through your eyes and capture what i know you will want to remember. sound good? fill out the inquiry form and get a custom quote today!

 











portfolio















book me















pricing + services










featured galleries

 











michelle & jonhy
the foundry















kevin & nick
central park elopement















victoria & arnaud
city vineyard










kamila is amazing



 my husband and i are both artists -- a filmmaker and a designer/photographer. we are picky and finicky and spent hours and hours looking for the right photographer. kamila blew us away. i can't believe what our photos look like, and her manner was just so lovely. plus she stayed an extra 45 min to catch the hora. i am so so grateful we found her, blown away by the photos, and so happy we have such a beautiful album to treasure forever. she has real skill.rose & philip









 

follow me on instagram!@kamilaharrisphotography






























































want to hear more?
email me!










home



dashboard



featured galleries



review



instagram



cta












sunnyside, ny,
usa
718-915-4479
kamila@kamilaharris.com


hours


 

kamila harris weddingsnew york city & new orleans | hello@kamilaharris.com

 

images copyright kamila harris, 2024



homebook meportfolioprivacy policyterms and conditions









