




 
home :: peppermill las vegas




























menus




photos




press




about us













   as vegasas vegas gets



peppermill las vegas





a a

a timeless must-visit stop on the las vegas strip! the peppermill restaurant and lounge is a classic with a cool atmosphere, unique drinks, and amazing food & desserts! come see why the peppermill has been featured in numerous movies!
centrally located on las vegas blvd between the wynn and resorts world, next to ross. take i-15 to west sahara blvd, turn right on las vegas blvd.
2985 las vegas blvd (view map). phone: 702.735.4177
reservations 

walk-ins welcome!
restaurant reservations are accepted by calling after 4pm for present and future dates.
call ahead seating is available if we have are over an hour wait. 

hours:
open monday - wednesday: 7am - 2am. last seating at 1:15am.open 24 hours thursday, friday, saturday, sunday
happy hour
enjoy happy hour every day from 3pm - 6pm. special pricing on well drinks, select beers, and house wines, as well as half-priced select appetizers.
parking
peppermill las vegas has limited parking. we encourage guests to take alternative transportation if possible.








menus





a a

voted best of las vegas year after year. centrally located on "the strip," the peppermill is a great location for breakfast, lunch, dinner, weddings and parties. serving generous portions of your favorite food for 40 years.









photos





a a

tag us on instagram at #peppermillvegas for a chance to have your photo featured on our website and social media networks!view our instagram page!








press





a a

the award-winning peppermill las vegas and fireside lounge has been voted as one of the "...places to see" by casino magazine, best cocktail waitress by las vegas magazine, best exotic drinks and most romantic bar by menu magazine, and many more.
the peppermill was also recently featured in music videos for carlos santana as well as american idol winner, adam lambert. you may have spotted the iconic venue in such films as "casino" and "showgirls" and seen on the venue on tv in "csi las vegas" and "the holly madison show."
media:

best late night eatsclick here
a tour of eye catching vegas bar interiorsclick here
comedians in cars getting coffee with jerry seinfeld and george wallaceclick here
adam lambert "another lonely night" music videoclick here
carlos santana "feeling it coming back" music videoclick here
avenged sevenfold "bat country" music videoclick here

articles:

 las vegas weekly: a tour of eye-catching vegas bar interiors it’s the inside of a genie’s bottle. no, it’s what the cover of duran duran’s rio would look like serving punchbowl-sized drinks. more
 thrillist: 12 old-school las vegas restaurants with classic interiors the kitsch is strong at the peppermill, a diner that's been around since 1972 and seems to be everybody's favorite place on the strip to grab eggs and pancakes in the middle of the night. more
 the travel: livin' la vida breakfast: where to find a meal after a long night in vegas visiting this restaurant and lounge is probably the closest one can get to being in an old-school vegas movie. in fact, peppermill is where the 1995 scorsese crime drama, casino was filmed. more
 vegas.com: top 10 unique las vegas bars this place is a vegas classic that remains unique even though it’s kind of trapped itself in 1976.  more
las vegas weekly: 24 hours inside the peppermill big foods, crazy cocktails, and undeniable warmth: a day in the life of a strip institution more 
huffington post: 20 great happy hours on the las vegas strip classic vegas - everyone should go here, deal or no deal. a short walk from wynncore, sls, circus circus and more. more 
las vegas review journal: 14 bars every las vegas local needs to try the peppermill on the strip is a las vegas classic, and worth the drive down there. more 
vegas magazine: the peppermill celebrates 40 years of big eats the peppermill exists within a space-time continuum of its own creation. what has become a time-warp anomaly burst upon vegas’s restaurant universe on december 26, 1972—as the vietnam war dragged on and neckties were wider than a baby’s bib. more
vegas.com: best bloody marys in las vegas when you step inside the peppermill, you don’t really see a lot of things that remind you of tomatoes with celery. more 
food channel: raves & faves las vegas what has fun food, tons of history, and is pink and blue and neon all over? if you know las vegas, you know the answer is peppermill restaurant and fireside lounge. more
las vegas review journal: 9 best places for a first date in las vegas the peppermill, located between the riviera and the wynn, has been open for more than 40 years. more
cnn: 7 sure bets for las vegas dining since 1972, tourists and locals alike have sought refuge in the plush, rope-lit banquettes of this campy, comfy north strip coffee shop and cocktail lounge. more 
las vegas weekly: bite now: the maserati at peppermill omelet meets italian food with this plate-sized monster ($12.95), a gigantic cloud of eggs bursting with two kinds of cheese, sausage and mushrooms. more 
vegas.com: 10 las vegas restaurants where you can still dine old-school style the iconic peppermill restaurant on the strip opened its doors in 1972 and has been serving upcoffee shop favorites, low prices and big portions 24 hours a day ever since.  more
knpr: buzz feed summer cocktails if your vision of the tropics is more along the lines of elvis and the brady bunch, the kitsch at the peppermill’s fireside lounge.more

 
 








about us





a a

on december 26, 1972, the peppermill restaurant and fireside lounge made their debut and proudly remain as an iconic reminder of the vegas strip the way it used to be.
founded on hearty dishes and oversized portions, today’s menu still reflects the same. in fact, the menu features many original items such as the fresh fruit salad, french toast ambrosia and famous peppermill burger.
visit our fireside lounge and delight in a 64-ounce scorpion, or start your morning off with our award-winning bloody mary still made from scratch. like the strip itself, the peppermill restaurant and fireside lounge have been the backdrop for classic films and tv shows like “casino,” “showgirls,” “the cotton club,”“the holly madison show,” “mtv spain” and “giada at home” and boasts their share of famous visitors – including such timeless stars as dean martin and jerry lewis, to guy fieri, criss angel and floyd mayweather. in fact, penn jillette is such a fan that he had a custom booth, modeled after ours, built and installed in his home – now that’s a tribute!
whether you’re here for a great meal or to socialize over cocktails, we think you’ll agree, some things are better left unchanged. here’s to the way it used to be!
happy hour
enjoy happy hour every day from 3pm - 6pm. special pricing on well drinks, select beers, and house wines. 
employment
your new career at peppermill could be just a mouse click away. view our current job openings below and submit your application today.
view openings
 
employee portal
login with your employee number and last name to view information in the employee portal.
view employee portal
 
contact us

  
  

select a subject
general inquiry
availability / reservations
media request
other

  
reservations must be made in person by phone. call 702.735.4177 to make a reservation now.
              
  
  

















