






licil | long island center for independent living







































donate
join



























about licil

mission
membership


services
arts and wellness

licil artist group
licil turnpike players
exercise classes


in the loop
announcements
patricia moore library
consumer appeals process
corporate compliance
links to helpful resources
media
licil gallery




cdpas overview
cdpa peer mentoring
consumer information
consumer directed personal assistants
licil’s responsibilities
corporate compliance
tutorials




servicios en español
alianza de latinos descapacitados (ald)
servicios de cuidado en el hogar (cdpas)
tutoria del consumidor
membresía
directorio en español
enlaces importantes
galeria de fotos
























the long island center for independent living, inc. (licil)

the long island center for independent living, inc. is a consumer directed, cross disability advocacy and service organization dedicated to enhancing the quality of life for individuals with disabilities. licil was established in 1980 by and for persons with disabilities and is made up of disabled and non-disabled professionals who share the desire to see all reach their maximum potential.








sign up for barnard college disability benefits research study

join a study about people who live in new york and are “on disability”, led by undergraduate thesis student myriam joseph-schilz (msj2155@barnard.edu). i’m looking to center people’s own narratives of their experiences with disability benefits programs, and the decisions they make through, after, and beyond their application processes, in order to highlight a perspective often overlooked in academic research. 
read more



licil art classes update

please be advised that, due to unforeseen circutances, licil's art class with johanna is canceled for thursday, february 6, 2025.  we apologize for any incovenience.  thank you.  we look forward to seeing you soon.
read more



we’re hiring….

licil has current full-time openings within its rapid transitions housing program. details are provided below: about licil: the long island center for independent living, inc. (licil) is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization advocating for and serving the needs of people with disabilities since...
read more





cdpa peer monitoring
consumers helping consumers succeed in self-direction. powered by the consumer directed personal assistance association of new york state.
what is peer mentoring?
cdpa peer mentoring connects cdpa consumers with an experienced consumer who is trained in coaching, active listening and program knowledge. peer mentors can help you with hiring, supervision & other challenges. they are available by phone and by email.
read more
en español aquí







about licil





we are a not-for-profit, non-residential advocacy center controlled by and serving persons with disabilities. since its opening in 1980, licil has worked with thousands of long islanders with disabilities and their families and has also been a unique resource for other professionals who provide disability related services. our center’s mission is to promote empowerment through education, information and rallying behind issues that directly impact the daily lives of persons with disabilities. licil effectively serves people of all ages and across all disability experiences, whether lifelong or acquired. learn more about licil











long island center for independent living, inc.3601 hempstead turnpike, suite 500levittown, ny 11756
the long island center for independent living, inc.is a non-for-profit organization established in 1980.



tel: 516-796-0144 en español: 516-796-6176tty: 516-796-0135 fax: 516-796-0529 / 516-520-1247
e-mail: info@licilinc.org



search for:









copyright 2024, long island center for independent living, inc.



 
































