



 




stone suppliers london | stone specialists | marble city



























 

materialsgallerycase studiesservicesstock detailshelp & adviceaboutget in touchget a quote










materialsservicesget in touch




call 020 8871 1191



menu











specialist stone suppliers in central london - the finest stone, precision cut, artisan finished and expertly installed.

browse our materials
get in touch


scroll to view more













london’s finest stone specialists

we first began cutting and finishing stone in hammersmith in 1975 and have offered a complete stone service from our central london premises near wandsworth bridge since 1988.
we are the leading stone suppliers in london and offer clients a complete stone service from our central london premises near wandsworth bridge.
we supply, fabricate, finish and fit the finest natural and man-made stone
we import the finest stone directly from italy and elsewhere. we are suppliers of granite, marble, limestone, onyx, quartz composite, sintered stone, slate and travertine. we can source any stone.
we display online a selection of our popular stone. a much wider selection is available at our wandsworth showroom. find out more








a complete service from sourcing to installation of stone

we offer a bespoke service and regularly work with london’s leading architects and designers. depending on requirements a project could involve any of the following services.






consultation






site survey & templating






sourcing of stone






fabrication & finishing






fitting






offcuts
















a capital location
our showroom, stone yard and workshops are located only 4 miles from london’s west end near wandsworth bridge. with all operations on a single site, our contract managers can closely supervise all aspects of the fabrication, finishing and fitting of a project to ensure that all client requirements are met to the highest standard.
our premises is a short 5 minute walk from wandsworth town train station. parking is available for clients wishing to drive. find out more






get in touch





january sale
20% off all stock
close







watch our video
journey of the stone
this video is about the journey of the most highly prized white marble in the world, cararra marble. 
from excavation at our quarry in northern tuscany to fitting the marble slabs in a luxury bathroom in south london.
 













help & advice
we’ve learned a few things over the last 40 years, let us help you become an expert too





aftercare






edge profiles






surface finishes






stone types







get started!
send us your project details and we’ll prepare an estimate to help you get the ball rolling.
send us your project plans or approximate dimensions and let us know of your stone or colour preferences. the more detail you can provide the better our estimate! get a quote











020 8871 1191
hello@marblecity.co.uk
get directions


materialsgallerycase studiesservicesstock detailshelp & adviceaboutcontact

terms & conditions
privacy policy
cookie policy
sitemap
update cookies preferences

©2025 marble city
all rights reserved
site by 












 






