

blackseed oil

























 





































order
		      your
		      iman black seed oil nowâ…

iman
		      virgin black seed oil is amongst the purest and finest brand of
		      black seed oil you will come across. 100% virgin cold
	      pressed extraction. order now. 
order
	      your
	      iman honey paste now â…
 iman
		      honey paste is the combination of pure quality honey with iman
	      virgin black seed oil.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
the
		      combined effects of this product gives the product
		        extra strength
          and has been used for centuries to promote inner strength. order
          now.  


  
 
â 




the black seed is scientifically known as nigella 
        sativa, the herd grows about 16-24 inches in height. from it comes a small 
        rectangular black seed which is also known as the blessed seed (arab: 
        habbat ul baraka, or habbat ul sauda).
the ancient egyptians knew and used the black seed 
        and described it as a panacea (cure for problems/disease). the romans 
        also knew this seed and called it greek coriander. documented by the greek 
        physician of the 1st century, dioscoredes, as an ailment for general health 
        problems such as toothaches, headaches and was mainly used as a dietary 
        supplement.
black seed has a stabalising effect on the human 
        immune system which combats diseases that are a product of defective immune 
        systems. so if the immune system is maintained, then the over all effect 
        on the rest of the body can be felt.
a prophetic medicine as recommended 1400 years 
        ago by the prophet muhammad (peace be upon him). in his divine wisdom 
        he said - "use the black seed for indeed, it is a cure for all diseases 
        except death. sahih bukari 7:591

the black seed has been known and used throughout many cultures for over 
        two thousand years.
the different names for black seed oil black seed 
        oil is referred to differently depending on where in the world you are. 
        variations can be found regionally, for example between places in india 
        it is referred to as kalonji or kalwanji oil, whilst in arabia it is commonly 
        know as habbat ul sauda. arabic habbat ul sauda, habbat ul baraka dutch 
        nigelle, narduszaad english fennel flower, onion seed french cheveux de 
        vã©nus, nigelle, poivrette german zwiebelsame, nigella, schwarzkã¼mmel hindi 
        kalounji, munga reala indonesian jinten hitam italian nigella malay jintan 
        hitam punjabi kalongi russian charnushka singhalese kaluduru spanish niguilla, 
        pasionara tamil karun jiragam turkish ã‡ã¶rekotu siyah 

history 
        of blackseed | diseases & 
        their cures | downloads
design by mduk
      media



â 



