






vernon corea - the golden voice of radio ceylon

















 




















vernon corea - the golden voice of radio ceylon





















home


vernon - sri lanka's pioneering broadcaster


radio ceylon/sri lanka broadcasting corporation (slbc): the story of broadcasting in sri lanka


vernon on the first ever television experimental program in sri lanka


vernon corea presents...


london sounds eastern on bbc radio london 206


emcee column


citizen per-r-r-ra


des kelly and bill forbes on vernon


living in ceylon (sri lanka)


canon ivan and ouida corea


remembering vernon


obituaries


funeral service in wimbledon


memorial service in colombo


bbc


radio worldwide/wec


royal college colombo


bishop's college calcutta


maha nuge gardens


chilaw


badulla


sri lanka cricket


prayers for autism


news articles


dominicus corea - king of kotte


favorite links






































vernon corea
 
1927-2002
 
                                             

' vernon was a pioneering influence in the bbc and helped to lay
                                             the foundation for the work we are continuing to do to make sure our staff and our programmes are truly representative of
                                             our nation's diverse population. '
we remember with  gratitude and pride his launching of london
                                             sounds eastern on bbc radio london, and his generosity in mentoring and training people from ethnic minority backgrounds for
                                             the bbc.
vernon will be greatly missed for his warmth, his integrity
                                             and his commitment.....'
                                   greg
                                             dyke 
                            director-general 
                                             bbc
' his sense of loyalty to his management and to his profession
                                             and his compassion and concern for those who worked under him were exemplary....'
                        
                                             neville jayaweera
                       former
                                             director-general 
          ceylon broadcasting
                                             corporation
' mr.vernon corea was a veteran broadcaster in sri lanka who
                                             had contributed immensely for the progress of our institution, the sri lanka broadcasting corporation....'
                        somapala
                                             perera
             deputy
                                             director general slbc
those golden voices
they were truly great, and rarely intrusive:
' vernon corea: radio ceylon's pioneering
                                             broadcaster, he was instrumental in introducing sinhala music into the english services.......'
                    the
                                             hindu newspaper                                       (india)        
                                             
' corea was a born broadcaster and racy raconteur, prone to
                                             making outrageous remarks with a straight face. but behind his frivolous manner was a generous and large-hearted christian...'
                                 reginald
                                             massey
                                   
                                             the guardian 
                                     
                                             (london)
'the bbc at this time was striving to be more inclusive, and corea found himself at the
                                             forefront of an increasing thrust for diversity. his importance both as a figurehead and a consultant was recognised by his
                                             appointment as the first ethnic minorities adviser in 1978.'
                       the
                                             london times     
'vernon became more than the radio journalist to me. he was to become a friend, not only
                                             he, but his entire family. i remember the hours spent with them in their home in maha nuge gardens in kollupitiya. the friendship
                                             picked up again when the family moved to london . vernon now had become the ' international ' broadcaster with the bbc. the
                                             stature he had received was no bar to his personality. he was still the same, friendly and always ready to help...'      
                                             
                            nimal
                                             mendis 
'vernon corea will always be fondly remembered by his colleagues and friends as a man
                                             who gave freely of his time to aspiring “artistes” and other radio personalities alike...'
                           
                                             des kelly
'his golden voice will always be
                                             remembered when radio ceylon is mentioned. his legacy will live on.'
                          
                                             bill forbes
great men such as (clifford) dodd and (vernon) corea in the
                                             founding days of radio in sri lanka left a marvellous legacy and those coming thereafter have a grand tradition to follow.
                                             at one time all of southern india tuned into radio ceylon. we were considered premier broadcasters in the whole of the sub-continent
                                             area....' 
                             
                                              nigel kerner
 































































who's who in sri lanka

























click on the church to listen to vernon corea



















emmanuel church wimbledon village








80 years of broadcasting in sri lanka



















click  to read slbc - creating new waves of history








80 years in broadcasting in sri lanka



















click on the picture to read the daily news article
































top 100 broadcasters of sri lanka











top 100 south asian broadcasters
























