



san diego coast real estate & moving guides | california realty pros













































skip to content 


home
about us
inquire now
 

 








search for:


 





home
about us
inquire now
 







san diego coast property 









tips for moving from san diego to los angeles 
19/10/202121/10/2021 sandiego 



dubbed the city of angels, los angeles features a tantalizing mix of glamour, glory, and edge. many people want to experience the intense pleasures, sights, sounds, cultures, and tastes surrounding this place both day and night. blend in the hollywood gloss, pretty beaches, and dozens of iconic attractions, and it’s no surprise that la is an irresistible destination that captures many hearts. and if you’re from san diego, congratulations. relocating to la shouldn’t be as difficult compared to a long-distance move. but still, here are some tips to ensure you a smooth experience.


set your game plan early


no matter how big or small your move is, you can never go wrong with preparing ahead of time. once you already have a plan in mind, you will make fewer mistakes, have peace of mind, and make the process much easier.


the first thing you should do is gather up information about your potential neighborhood. answer questions like:



will i be renting, or will i buy a new home?
is the place near my workplace?
how long is the commute time?
what’s the average rent?
are there any nearby schools, and do they offer quality education?
how many restaurants, stores, parks, and other amenities are around?



clearing up these questions will give you an idea of what to expect. planning also includes deciding on what kind of lifestyle you want. obviously, la offers many fun activities, but there are many things that you must also consider, like safety, health, and more. 


hire a professional moving company


alright. this tip likely depends on preference, but most people’s experiences never lie. many san diegans have shared that movers have made their move to la more manageable. since moving guarantees a headache with all the packing, loading, lifting, and everything else, the extra manpower from a moving company will help prevent you from getting drained and going insane.


that said, you shouldn’t just settle for any company out there. you want to avoid getting scammed and pick the best movers in the business. to do so, never neglect your research. get to know your movers. ask them the right questions. check their license and bbb accreditation. inspect the credibility of their website. read legit reviews about them. stay informed.


know that la is expensive


there’s no denying this one since everyone knows this already. la is one of the few cities in america that exceeds the national average. this can be discouraging. you’ll need to set your budget before moving here so that you know how much money will be left for other expenses.


on the bright side, los angeles is not new york or san francisco. the cost of living here is at least 10-15% less expensive than in those cities. to give you an idea, the average rent in la is $2,518 per month, while it’s $3,102 in sf and $4,072 in nyc. if you’re planning to get a home, the median price sits at $902,989, with houses near the beach or the inner metro being the priciest ones.


 la is one of the most expensive cities in the us. 


tips for finding a job in la


it’s no secret that l.a sprawls with opportunities. whether you dream of hitting it big in the entertainment industry, land a tech job, join the medical field, or simply get by, there’s always something for you. however, not everyone succeeds in landing their dream job. the competition is fierce, so you’ll have to do your part. here are some helpful tips shared by successful l.a. transplants:



first of all, be prepared to hustle. persistence is the mindset. you’ll need to stand out to get picked up. the competition here is nothing like you’ve seen in san diego.
expand your network. this is no time to be timid. go out and reach out to people, whether it’s in work, community, or neighborhood.
take risks. you’ve already done the first step, which is moving here. now take a chance. if you miss your shot, keep trying until it hits home. la is full of opportunities, and you’ll eventually find your unicorn shot. 



how to deal with the traffic


with over four million residents, los angeles is one of the most populous cities in the country. unfortunately, this means that la has some of the worst traffic you’ll ever experience. that’s why it’s highly suggested that you find an apartment as close to your workplace as possible. moreover, prepare yourself mentally for the insane amounts of road congestion at any time during the day. the only way to deal with the terrible traffic is to drive early in the morning or go home late at night to thin out the traffic.


enjoying the la outdoors


luckily, la isn’t just all about skyscrapers and bustle. the city is surrounded by nature. the san gabriel mountain range runs east to west, and the santa monica mountains run north-south. you can hike in these natural areas or check out popular places like runyon canyon park, mount hollywood drive, griffith park, and forest lawn memorial park. and thanks to almost 300 days of sunshine, you’ve got no reason to sulk indoors.


 la still offers plenty of nature to enjoy. 


ready to move?


life in la can be quite different from what you’re used to in san diego. but as many would say, ’embrace the change.’ see the rest of the city for yourself and enjoy your new life here!


 many would say, ’embrace the change.’ 



moving to los angelesfrom san diego to los angeles, los angeles life, moving to los angeles, relocating to los angeles, to los angeles from san diegoleave a comment 




seven things you should know before relocating to southern california 
30/07/2018 sandiego 


living in southern california sounds like a dream to a lot of people. this area boasts lots of sun, plenty of celebrities and let’s not forget the beaches. whether you’re moving here from northern california or moving from florida to california, before you buy a surfboard and move to the coast, here are seven things you should know before moving to this part of the country.

1. everyone talks about housing
when it comes to housing, california can be an expensive place to live. buying a house in southern california is challenging, both from being able to afford the cost as well as find something which is in a location that works for you. and because it is so expensive to buy a house, renting an apartment might be more money than you expect. housing costs will be your biggest expense in southern california, and it pays to do as much research as possible ahead of time.
2. move for the climate, stay for the colleges
california has one of the best state university systems in the country, and while the in-state resident cost is still substantial, it is much cheaper than attending a similar college somewhere else in the country. california’s colleges are well respected, and you can get a degree in everything from horticulture to rocket science.
3. traffic just stinks
thanks to an increasing population and lots of urban sprawl, getting anywhere in southern california during rush hour can be a nightmare. the 405 (which cuts through the region) has been voted the country’s most congested highway, and despite everyone’s best efforts, the mass transit options are limited for most people. and if you want to drive to the beach on the weekend or on holidays, you’d probably get there faster if you walked.
4. the urban sprawl is real
this problem is tightly connected to the traffic issues in southern california. unlike cities san francisco, chicago or miami, there is no real downtown in los angeles and san diego. you can get on interstate 10 in santa monica at the pacific ocean and drive east for 90 miles before you hit the desert. it’s not an easy task to get across the region, so everyone plans accordingly.
5. california is for nature lovers
while parts of southern california can be crowded, you never more than an hour or two drive from the ocean, the desert, lush mountains, and even snow in the winter months. even better, california has an extensive park system so that you can take advantage of it all for a reasonable price.
6. moving to southern california won’t solve all your problems
people have been moving to southern california for more than a hundred years hoping to reinvent themselves. you can do that, but there are limits to how much you can accomplish simply by changing your zip code.

7. your friends will want to visit
southern california is an iconic piece of america, and you’ll find that every friend and family member you know will want to stop by for a couple of days at some point. sure, it can be inconvenient sometimes. but wouldn’t be great to take them out on a tour and brag about where you live?


moving to californiamoving, relocating, south californialeave a comment 




checklist that every apartment renter should use when moving 
07/07/201829/06/2018 sandiego 


regardless of whether or not you are a first-time tenant or a well-experienced one, there are many things that you must make sure you do before moving out. every apartment renter should have this checklist from cheap movers san diego (7465 mission gorge road suite #137, san diego, ca 92120, (619) 738-2128) on hand when moving.

planning ahead
give notice
one of the first things a tenant should do when moving out is to inform the landlord of the intent to move out properly. this is called “giving notice” and consists of stating when you will move out, asking for a good referral, and checking the lease for any additional details. it is always a good idea to document what you said to a landlord and when to avoid any unnecessary legal entanglements. for more information on how to give your landlord notice, refer to this handy video from the apartment guide blog.
canceling utilities
if you have been paying for utilities while living at the apartment, be sure to talk with each company about scheduling a cancelation. in some cases, the landlord may know who is moving into the place next or ask that you simply have the utility companies transfer the utilities over. either way, you should begin to have these conversations at least a month before vacating the apartment.
ensure cleanliness
a good tenant makes sure that the apartment is clean and exactly the way it was when it was rented to him or her. not only will this create less work for the landlord when trying to place the apartment back on the market, but it will also help in getting a better recommendation overall.
moving your belongings
the big question when moving out is how you will move your belongings out of the apartment? there are many options, and there is no right choice; it all comes down to the tenant and his or her preferences. one option is to move the belongings yourself in a car that you own or hire a moving truck or van for a few days. another option is to hire a moving team that will make the move for you. keep in mind that the method you choose may affect the way you pack everything.
packing up
having boxes readily available before the move will prove useful so that when the time comes, you are ready to go. in general, it is best to place items in boxes in an organized fashion so if you do decide to hire help during the moving process; packages will less likely become lost and stay lost. this includes labeling each box with its contents and the desired room destination. an example might be labeling a box as such: kitchen- silverware, plates, bowls, and cups.

changing addresses
one of the last things you will need to do is inform every company that you are moving to a new address. this is especially important information that the mailing companies need, such as the usps. any driver’s license or state id will also need to be updated with the new address.


moving checklistapartment, checklist, movingleave a comment 




the best communities and neighborhoods in san diego, ca 
28/06/201821/06/2018 sandiego 


the vibe in san diego gives a feeling that’s like no other place in on earth. san diego is a place where the surf meets the sun with gorgeous beaches and abundant hiking trails. it’s the area’s natural beauty which… read more


best communitiescommunities, neighborhoods, san diegoleave a comment 




six things to consider when buying a new home in san diego 
21/06/2018 sandiego 


san diego represents one of the hottest real estate markets in the country, but it’s not cheap to set up housekeeping in this scenic, oceanside southwest city in california. if you’re serious about this idyllic city, then you will have… read more


buy new homebuy new home, new home, san diegoleave a comment 






search for:




recent posts


tips for moving from san diego to los angeles


seven things you should know before relocating to southern california


checklist that every apartment renter should use when moving


the best communities and neighborhoods in san diego, ca


six things to consider when buying a new home in san diego


search home 


 



			copyright © 2025 | san diego coast property


privacy policy













facebook





twitter





google+





linkedin





pinterest





stumbleupon





tumblr





blogger





myspace





delicious





yahoo mail





gmail





newsvine





digg





friendfeed





buffer





reddit





vkontakte








pin it on pinterest








…shares





…








…








…








…








…








…








…








…



































