











darwin's stained glass studio & antique slot machines


 

 
 




darwin's studio 
  9080 beeman rd.
   chelsea, michigan 48118 
  
734.475.9730 



 





 
  



 

 
  
 

 
choose a destination...church windowscommercial applicationsdoors and windows for homesstained glass lampshadesantique slot machinesplease scroll down for more about us  
 

 




       you've found the online home of "one of the premier stained glass artisans in the midwest". (ann arbor news)
			       "on the west side of chelsea, in the waterloo recreation area, darwin's stained glass and antique slot machines...is an enormous pole barn packed with breathtakingly beautiful stained glass entry doors, lampshades, privacy screens, and ceiling domes, as well as stained, etched, and fused glass pieces with celestial and southwest designs made by bill darwin's wife, marsi. bill also buys, sells, and lovingly restores vintage slot machines, sleek bakelite and chrome specimens as gorgeous as they are addictively collectible." (ann arbor observer)
			       the pieces you see here are unique works by the darwins. most are original designs, made in michigan with great care, using skills learned from family members and materials made in the u.s.a. if you value quality workmanship and realize the importance of supporting artists and artisans in our culture, we hope you will consider investing in our work.
			       please ask if you have any questions about the process. custom work is our main business, so if you have ideas for pieces in your home, church, or business, please don’t hesitate to inquire. thank you for your interest. 



 

  hours by appointment only 
please call first before you make the drive out!
734-475-9730 
 




some recent commissions: 




 


 




sedona, arizona triptych 




 

 



 
 




sunflowers! by bill darwin ii
			could you ever be depressed with these beauties in your home? 




 



 





our latest installation was for marywood nursing facility chapel on the madonna university campus in livonia, michigan. from sketch to finish, made with heart and soul.






   
 





we'd like to thank our benefactor, susan widawski, for her kindness and generosity. our appreciation to wolverine moore glass in dexter, michigan for frame fabrication and installation.






   
 





bill installed two more windows on either side of the cross in june 2017, the immaculate heart and the sacred heart. each medallion was hand painted by bill and fired multiple times in the kiln. 









 
 
 




we were back at marywood chapel in march 2018 with 4 more panels, the lamb of god, st. francis, st. joseph the worker, and the holy eucharist: 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 






wolverine moore also helped us on the dexter library commission.







   
 
 





this gorgeous window was designed in memory of the client's daughter, who loved dragonflies.
			montana wildflowers were also incorporated into the design.






  
 
 





this spectacular entryway was a collaboration with bill's nephew chad potter, owner of tcb landscape construction in saline. using the extensive stonework in front of the house as a motif in the glass design resulted in this stunning door and sidelights.







 

 
 


 
 





this door panel was installed at portage lake, michigan.
			the design at the bottom was based on a wall sconce the client loves. 






  
 
 
 





this one went to florida:






  
 
 

 





 










before and after - a set of frank lloyd wright-inspired windows grace an ann arbor condo.
			darwin added a personal touch with an american flag in the center panel. 




 

 


 





from a client's ideas to a rough sketch to a completed project - glass artist/artisan bill darwin ii delivers. 







 
 



    




 





if you can imagine it, we can build it. 




 
 





ever wonder what a difference custom stained glass would make in your home?
			look at these "before and after" photos from a recent client: 








 

 



 





st. barnabas episcopal church, chelsea, michigan
			for church windows please  click here. 




 


 
 

 
 for antique slot machine page 

please click here

 



 
2003 welsh cardigan corgi
			big wrig (wrigley)
			not for sale
			bill's best friend went to work with him 
			every day for 15 years! 

 
custom stained glass of your best friend available now!
			this is a hand painted and kiln fired face of wrigley
			built into a very nice 10" x 10" panel. 




now wynnie and cubby work at darwin's in the mornings. 


 
 
    
 

 





when visiting chelsea, michigan, be sure to see the play at jeff daniel's purple rose theatre,
			have dinner at the common grill, and take a scenic drive out to darwin's!
			(windows by darwin's) 




 

 
 
 





one of the largest commissions we've ever had - a 13 foot diameter skylight -  click here. 




 

 
 





the salvation army in detroit -  click here. 




 

 
 

 

back to top of page 

 please choose a subject below for more examples of our work. 






business


churches


doors & windows


lamp shades










dichroic glass


imports - opinion


darwin, marsi parker










e-mail


map & hours


slot machines





 

 about us - here are some links to the rest of our life. 





links


morel madness


trout madness too

















 
check out bill's latest creation:
			indoor miniature croquet!
click here 
 










       we've been busy at darwin's studio. we've had some beautiful church commissions. bill's knowledge of antique slot machines was touted in an article in antiques roadshow magazine, and he was on television's destination michigan with bob garner. later the tv crew came back to film a segment on the waterloo croquet club, airing on pbs stations. bill also appeared with his slot machines on a "hardcore pawn" tv episode, and on "around town with linda", produced by chris and linda meloche of chelsea. we were featured in  michigan home and lifestyle magazine for our morel mushroom passion! visit us soon for your own experience. 



 

 
 
 

 





e-mail us, please







back to top of page 

 
© darwin's 2002-2023 all rights reserved



  


  
 


























