


  


















529 education plan | college savings | the education plan














    skip to main content


                    get started   for families for financial pros for employers     login open an account          home  who we are  about the education plan  media & news   529 basics  what's a 529?  putting money in a 529 using your 529 savings account 529 qualified expenses  529 plan tax benefits  the true cost of college  for employers  for families  for financial professionals   gifting  help desk  forms and documents   contact us  investment options  pricing & performance   learning center  articles  faqs  steam  meet teppie  529 college savings glossary     
search


search






   

                               login   open an account                   who we are  529 basics  contact us  gifting  help desk  investment options  learning center  search the education plan    
search


search






   

  close   
  








           helping you reach
your education savings goals the education plan offers families a simple tax- advantaged way to save for future education expenses.    read more   open an account                add the education plan
to your employee benefits package adding the education plan to your employee benefits package is an easy, no-cost, hassle-free way for you to support the financial wellbeing of your employees and your company’s bottom line.    discover the benefits                manage your clients'
529 savings accounts by encouraging clients to invest with the education plan, you can show them your commitment to building a thoughtful education investment portfolio.    learn the benefits for financial pros               
  get started  what isa 529 plan? why choose the education plan? explore investment options           what is steam? steam is an approach to education that uses science, technology, engineering, the arts and mathematics to help guide student learning and develop critical thinking. it’s designed to spark a love of learning and develop a lifelong interest in science and the arts in children. explore our steam resources              take the pledge
to save for higher education with just $500 saved, children are three times more likely to attend 
and four times more likely to graduate college. take the pledge. set a goal. start saving.             "i have been very pleased with the service - especially the folks who answer the phone. they were professional, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful when i was getting the accounts set up and also the follow up in doing both a one time deposit as well as setting up the recurring deposits. kudos to the staff!!"
-tina, florida     "it’s simple and straightforward. keep up the good work!"
-anonymous     "so far i’m very pleased!"
-jane, new mexico     "very easy to use!!"
-kimberley, california     "easy to use and share, low fees, good options"
-casey, new mexico     "i was so excited to make my first payment for my daughter's college out of the fund last week. what a good feeling to know that her 4 years of college are covered and she won't have any debt."
-glenn, new mexico     "when my son turned 2, one of my friends made a contribution to the 529 instead of a present, i thought that was pretty darn cool. it’s really a great thing that was done for me and i’m doing for my friends/family’s kids."
-daniel, new mexico     "i'm saving for my granddaughter's educational future. she loves school and i want to invest in her passion. she makes me very proud!"
-elaine, new mexico     when our grandchildren attended college, my wife and i helped where we were able. even with that help, debt piled up for them. our granddaughter is now working on her masters and we are in a better position to help with her expenses through a 529 education savings plan so that she does not incur additional debt. we are determined that our great-grandchildren will not have such a burden on them when they decide to pursue a higher (and ever expensive) education.
-roger, new mexico                teppie is here to help families learn about saving for future education expenses with a 529 plan with the education plan. he’s an enthusiastic learner and student who has big dreams for the future. explore more and get to know teppie. learn with teppie                now there's an even easier way to access and manage your account with the education plan: the ready save 529 mobile app.        the ready save 529 mobile app puts your education savings at your fingertips with convenient and easy-to-use features.
check your balance
make deposits
review your investments
automate contributions
get guidance to keep your savings goals on track
we're excited to bring you this new tool to help you save even more.                             save for future education and save on your taxes, too did you know you can get tax benefits when you save for their future education with a 529 account with the education plan? save on your taxes and save for their future. now that’s what we call a win win! see the tax benefits                 everything you need to know about the education plan discover how a 529 college savings plan can help your family save more for higher education in this short video.     
      take the pledge
to save for higher education with just $500 saved, children are three times more likely to attend and four times more likely to graduate college.  take the pledge. set a goal. start saving.               the 529 learning center whatever the path, begin with a plan. the education plan’s 529 learning center 
offers families tips on saving for future education, strategies for maximizing your account 
and much more. visit the 529 learning center         529 news          recent blogs  view all   
              05 feb 2025    what is a year of enrollment portfolio?     
      02 jan 2025    understanding the 529 landscape state-by-state     
      19 nov 2024    amplify saving with a little help from your friends (& family)     
      04 oct 2024    how to roll unused 529 funds into a roth ira     
      11 sep 2024    the wide-ranging benefits of a 529 plan     
      12 aug 2024    it’s time to make or update that essential 529 education savings plan checklist     
        


 
     visit our blog         
    who is the education plan for:       for families  the education plan makes iteasy for families to save morefor educational expenses. • tax-advantages• covers many expenses• anyone can open an account• only $1 minimum contribution   open an account     for employers  adding the education plan to
your benefits package is a no-
cost way to support employees.
 
• no cost to employer
• potential tax benefits
• easily enhance benefits package
• no fiduciary responsibility  learn the benefits     for financial
professionals  help clients build a thoughtful
educational investment portfolio
with the education plan.
 
• an ideal wealth-planning tool
• broad investment portfolio
• robust gifting options
• competitive pricing and fees
   learn the benefits         who is the education plan for:     for families open an account   for financial professionals learn the benefits   for employers learn the benefits           questions?  we're here for you!1-877-337-5268
monday to friday
8 a.m. to 7 p.m. mt     








       sign up & stay connected                sign up for our newsletter          follow uson social media                                           the education plan® and the education plan® logo are registered trademarks of the education trust board of new mexico used under license.
privacy & cookie policy     phone: 1-877-337-5268we're available monday to friday 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. mt  open an account login       view legal disclosure  for more information about the education plan, call 1.877.337.5268 or view the plan description and participation agreement, which includes investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses, and other important information; read and consider it carefully before investing.
please note: before you invest, consider whether your or the beneficiary’s home state offers any state tax or other state benefits such as financial aid, scholarship funds, and protection from creditors that are only available for investments in that state’s qualified tuition program. you also should consult a financial, tax, or other advisor to learn more about how state-based benefits (or any limitations) would apply to your specific circumstances. you also may wish to contact directly your home state’s 529 plan(s), or any other 529 plan, to learn more about those plan’s features, benefits and limitations. keep in mind that state-based benefits should be one of many appropriately weighted factors to be considered when making an investment decision.
the education plan is administered by the education trust board of new mexico. ascensus college savings recordkeeping services, llc, the program manager, and its affiliates, have overall responsibility for the day-today operations, including investment advisory, recordkeeping and administrative services. the education plan’s portfolios invest in: (i) mutual funds; (ii) exchange traded funds; and/or (iii) a funding agreement issued by new york life. investments in the education plan are not insured by the fdic. units of the portfolios are municipal securities and the value of units will vary with market conditions.
investment returns will vary depending upon the performance of the portfolios you choose. you could lose all or a portion of your money by investing in the education plan depending on market conditions. account owners assume all investment risks as well as responsibility for any federal and state tax consequences.
ugift is a registered service mark of ascensus broker dealer services, llc.
the education plan® and the education plan® logo are registered trademarks of the education trust board of new mexico used under license.
all other marks are the exclusive property of their respective owners.
not fdic-insured. no bank, state or federal guarantee. may lose value.     












