










new haven tree professionals - professional tree services in new haven, ct






























		skip to content	



new haven tree professionals
professional tree services in new haven, ct
menu and widgets








 

how is tree transplanting done? 

no matter how much you love trees; there are some situations where you know that they are better suited elsewhere. maybe they have out-grown the space that they were originally planted in, or maybe they should be among trees of the same kind as they are. in this article, i will talk about a method of safely uprooting a tree and quickly re-planting it elsewhere. yes, it can be done. if you have removed the tree from the ground along with its roots, it doesn’t have to be the end for it. it still has a second chance in life, a chance to be revived and resume its life elsewhere. when doing this, there are several guidelines that one needs to follow to make sure that uprooting and transporting trees, is safe for the people doing it and the trees as well.

there are some good times of the year to do this and some not-so-ideal times to transplant trees. one of the best times to do this would be when the tree is dormant, and the ground conditions are just right.
some ideal transporting locations can totally depend on the size and also the species of the tree which is being transplanted. some trees actually prefer some levels of shade and some sun as well. it is weird that the things that give us shade also need shade. the soil-water content also plays a pivotal role in the location of the re-planting of trees. you should consider the potential height, size of the tree and also the location of home foundations. power lines and many other factors play an important role in this process.
one of the main things would be the identification of the species of the tree. some species react better to the transplanting process than others. elms, red maples, bald cypress, etc. are some of the species that respond great. they have fibrous root systems so you can capture more of it when digging.
﻿ the time and budget which is required to transplant a tree successfully must be calculated and confirmed in a timely manner. the tree will surely lose a significant amount of the root system when digging it up. if possible, you should try and prevent this from happening. when the tree is successfully uprooted, you should tie up the crown as much as you can and reduce the breakage of any limbs when you are transporting it.
the tree should be wrapped up in a tarp so that you reduce the wind damage and also moisture loss. when the tree is re-planted, make sure that it is supported until it is firmly taken into the new soil. it should be cared for the first few weeks with a constant supply of water as well.


posted on june 14, 2019june 14, 2019categories tree transplants 



 

how to properly remove a tree? 

the proper removal of exceptionally large trees surely proves to be a trying task and the ones attempting to remove these kinds of trees must consult professional arborists (tree surgeons). the amount of training they receive is sufficient insurance to make sure that the tree you want to remove will be taken out in the best way possible. they will also see if the tree can be successfully revived after being taken out. most trees can be saved this way. if the roots haven’t been completely ripped from the tree, the chances are that it can be re-planted and resume life elsewhere. below i have listed out some steps that you can follow for the safe removal of a tree.

one of the best ways to remove a tree and also attempt to save it is by digging around the tree. dig deep and make sure to get all of its roots. if its roots get damaged, it will become impossible to save it and re-plant it elsewhere. if you dig around the tree and get all of the roots, you can safely remove it, and it will still be alive when you attempt to give it new life in another place.
if you do not care about saving it, you can use a chainsaw. do not hurry when using it. take it slow and make sure the tree is used for good purposes once it is taken down. the only occasion for you to hurry is when you have to move out of the way of a falling tree.
determine if you are actually suited for removing that particular tree. you need to consider power lines, people, vehicles, buildings, and neighborhood, avoid hitting other trees, etc. you need to be sure if there is an escape route for yourself and also others who are working on the tree.

when you are evaluating the area, you should start by inspecting the tree. you should inspect if the branches on a particular side where the branches seem to be fatter and also heavier. when coming down, they come down hard and fast. the bigger they are, the harder they fall.
be absolutely sure that your equipment is in good condition. your chainsaw should have new and sharp blades. it should also be adequately oiled. if it runs on electricity, you need to have a proper power source. if it runs on gas, you should confirm that you have more than enough fuel left for the entire process. you should always have your feet firmly planted on the ground; you should be standing on other pieces of branches or some other equipment either.


posted on june 9, 2019june 14, 2019categories remove a tree 



 

pruning and tree trimming 

it would be great if you know the basics of tree trimming because you will be able to do the majority of the entire project by yourself. there is undoubtedly a variety of some great trimming tips that one can use when carrying this out. some of these techniques will keep your tree in excellent health and shape. with the right kind of knowledge and also quality equipment, you can potentially eliminate dangerous and also dead branches. if you are doing this all on your own, then you need to familiarize yourself with some of these trimming techniques. this guide will definitely help you.
reasons to trim your tree:
﻿ –    to maintain the aesthetics of the tree is one of the main reasons. pruning it will effectively help you maintain the shape and also the appearance of the tree. you should also never try and impose an irregular shape for the tree. the trimming can also potentially damage the tree so it should be appropriately done with the help of a professional.
–    dead and broken branches can prove to be a safety hazard because they could just fall off at any time. and this could happen on a person, a car, and a bike, whatever. so when finding that the branch is dead, it must be adequately trimmed and as soon as possible. it is indeed a common occurrence that dead tree limbs fall on live power lines and cause power outages occasionally. when you can predict that a branch could potentially fall and cause some problems, you should have them trimmed as soon as possible.
–    another important reason why you should do this is because it positively impacts the health of the tree. some branches could get affected by some sort of infection. by removing these infected branches, you are saving the tree’s life. another important reason to do this would be if some branches are intertwined and rubbing together, they should be trimmed, this can prevent forest fires and also some unexpected falls.

–    it is imperative that you carry out this process when the tree is dormant. there is a particular season when the tree would be dormant; you need to find out when that is and carry it out then. if it is an emergency, you can do it whenever you want, but doing this when dormant can also help the tree.
–    you should never trim a branch too close or even too long. leave a large stub or at least leave the branch collar.
–    be absolutely sure that the equipment you use in perfectly sharp and made from good quality materials so that the process is smooth and peaceful for you.


posted on june 4, 2019june 14, 2019categories tree trimming 






legal policy 
				proudly powered by wordpress			











