






national rural education association | the voice of all rural schools and communities
























































  



















for teachers

i am a rural teacher
national education association
national pta
resources for online field trips
rtc network
the rural educator


for administrators

american association of school administrators
national school boards association
signed w9 form
us department of education


for members

member login
become a member
contact nrea
media requests














followfollowfollowfollow














home
about us

what is the nrea?
history
leadership
state affiliates
awards & programs
membership
nrea foundation
resources
form w-9


conference
research

research agenda
research journal: the rural educator
research advisory committee
why rural matters


nrea legislative committee
media

nrea blog
the rural voice podcast
inquiries
social media

















 

















welcome to nreathe national rural education association
















become a
member








podcast 
episodes








member 
login








legislative 
updates








conferences & 
conventions








research 
agenda









the voice of all rural schools and communities across the united states.
in an increasingly confusing system, the national rural education association helps rural educators navigate through the noise by finding and helping them use the resources needed to educate today’s students. whether that’s a rundown on current legislation and how it affects rural communities or guidance on how to meet specific educational needs within your community, our national organization can help. we also help in the publication of your research because we believe in the value of shared knowledge. we are your advocates—your voice—in education.























study.com is an official sponsor of the rural voice, the official podcast of the national rural education association. listeners can receive 30% off three months of any study.com subscription by using discount code nrea or by using this link.








 nrea board of directors welcomes john glasgow as higher education representativefor immediate release february 13, 2025 chattanooga, tn – the national rural education association is pleased to announce the appointment of john glasgow to its board of directors as the higher education representative. glasgow is filling the open seat left by dr....
  cosn january updatesdata privacy week – january 27-31, 2025 data privacy week is an international event created to encourage everyone to safeguard their data and respect the privacy of others in order to enable trust when working online. within school settings one of the main criteria...
  nrea announces three newly-elected executive board members for 2025the national rural education association held elections for three open executive board positions in december. the ballot was open for voting to any member of the nrea in good standing until december 31, 2024. the nrea is pleased to announce the newly elected...
  cosn december updatesfinancing technology innovations - strategies and tools as 2024 comes to a close and school leaders take on both continuing and new technology challenges in 2025, cosn is pleased to provide multiple free technology financial planning and evaluation resources for...
  cosn november updatesreport on experiences and lessons learned during the cosn 2024 international education delegation to spain cosn recently released a comprehensive report about the cosn 2024 international education delegation’s visit to spain. during the group’s visit to spain they...
     












42
state affiliates








9.7 million
students enrolledin rural schools








240
university/collegemembers








members
in 50 statesand 5 countries





 














national rural education association
615 mccallie ave., hunter hall 311-bchattanooga, tn 37403
p: 423-425-4539



stay connected

followfollowfollowfollow







©2025 | site designed and maintained by school webmasters



 




 









































 


