
















show-me missouri, the travel magazine of missouri























































































homesubscribestaytasteremember whencyber-travelsoff the beaten pathlewis & clarkback issues




site navigation





homesubscribestaytasteremember whencyber-travelsoff the beaten pathlewis & clarkback issues






homesubscribestaytasteremember whencyber-travelsoff the beaten pathlewis & clarkback issues

4 issues a year for only  $15.99









































features






country store corridorby jim winnermanan effort to protect land along the katy trail resulted in the preservation of a few historic buildings that have become landmarks on the eastern end of missouri’s longest state park.subscribe today to read more!






money mattersby jim winnermanmuseums inside missouri’s two federal reserve banks offer a fascinating glimpse into the nation’s currency and economy.subscribe today to read more!






inspireuby diana lambdin meyera newly-opened children’s discovery center in st. joseph promotes healthy living for kids and families in a fun-filled environment.subscribe today to read more!






the legend of cosmic corncobby gary ellisona group of springfield musicians who first stepped onto the stage 52 years ago are taking their eclectic mix of country, rock and folk sounds on the road this year for one final tour.subscribe today to read more!

departments

taste of missouri






the landmarklowry citymost mornings, especially on sundays, customers line up outside the landmark restaurant 30 minutes before opening. fried chicken, just like grandma used to make, sizzles in cast iron skillets on sundays and wednesdays. starting at 7:30 a.m., buttermilk-soaked chicken is fried golden brown 24 pieces at a time—all made-to-order. click here to read moreremember when






koshkonong historical museumkoshkononghope reed is on a mission to boost her hometown of koshkonong. as curator of the city of koshkonong historical museum, vice-president of the oregon county historical society and city clerk of koshkonong, reed has already succeeded in branding the tiny town as the gateway to oregon county.    click here to read moreplaces to stay






the ozarker lodgebransonoff the beaten path alongside a meandering creek, yet close to the action, the ozarker lodge exudes nostalgia at its best. a 1986 paneled jeep grand wagoneer sits in front epitomizing the lodge’s fresh, fun vibe. firepits with extra seating flank the lobby entrances. inside, guests lounge around the central fireplace on mid-century modern sofas. click here to read more

off the beaten path






you want wisdom with that?by john robinsonthe senior center in ellington was the most satisfying meal decision i’d made in a long time. i knew the routine, having eaten hundreds of meals at senior centers with dad. no matter where you are, the best lunch bargain in town is at the senior center. it’s a balanced meal. the price is right, even for non-seniors. but the value goes way beyond price. the best thing about the senior center is the company you keep. so i walked into the dining room ready to fill up on more than food.click here to read more who we arefor more than 25 years show-me missouri's team of professional travel writers and photographers have provided readers with the opportunity to explore nearly every square mile of the show-me state . it's the next best thing to being here.contactshow-me missourip.o. box 53kennett, missouri 63857toll-free: (888) 751-6334local: 573-888-1100email: info@showmemissouri.netsubscribeclick here to subscribe and receive four issues per year of the travel magazine of missouri.


back to top 







page last updated: 2/12/25
					© 2021 show-me missouri • 573-888-1100 •  email us




















