



	official supernanny parenting advice | reward charts | childcare









































parenting advice
reward charts


videos
tv show



























how to get bedtime back on track
expert advice on how to help your child have a better night's sleep






supernanny's roaming technique
how to stop your toddler from running off when you're out and about






child discipline for older children
as seen on the supernanny show, here's the one strike and you’re out technique






5 ways to be a calmer parent
mindfulness tips for parents






how to deal with head lice
how to handle it when the kids get all itchy and scratchy


















we've got some top parenting tips for you this week. here's expert advice on how to get bedtime back on track and tips on how to be a calmer parent. we're also looking at the roaming technique, as seen on the supernanny show. come and chat on the supernanny facebook page, we'd love to see you there! 



reward charts


free supernanny superstars™ reward charts
download


saying 'well done' to your child is the very best way to promote her good behaviour.


latest articles






5 easy ways to teach meditation to children

the benefits of meditation for children include building self-esteem and dealing with shyness to ...







how to make bathtime easier
making bathtime easier
bathtime doesn’t have to be difficult. the supernanny website gives some simple advice to ...







how to get bedtime back on track

getting your kids to bed at the same time every night benefits the whole family: it ensures your ...

































top articles by category




parenting skills

alternatives to spanking - four effective ways to discipline without smacking your child 
more



pregnancy and birth

how to avoid stretch marks
preparing a birth plan
more



learning and education

reading for 6-9 year olds 
more



food and nutrition

feeding your baby - what and when?
more



health and development

treating eczema with steroid creams
a parent's guide to childhood eczema
more



family matters

how to find a healthy work-life balance
safety for children
more



travel play and lifestyle

indoor fun: beat the boredom
more







© ricochet limited 2021 | website by bionic media

about supernanny
privacy policy

cookie settings
ad choices
article index
sitemap
 follow @supernannyuk
 subscribe to channel









 










