





































    
    texas coalition for affordable insurance solutions
  
  












             
 

     

 

 







       home



  about



  issues


   insurance loss ratios



  insurance affordability



  insurance cost drivers



  risk mitigation



  twia funding



  file and use





  legislature


   material library





  newsroom


   articles



  insurance 101



  tdi tips  for hurricane season





  contact












    
 





       
   our mission  our goal is to bring together anyone who holds a stake in insurance issues — which is just about everyone — so together, we can find solutions that will improve insurance affordability and accessibility in texas.
 
consumer choice is thriving in texas’ insurance marketplace, with 160 homeowners insurers and 173 auto insurers writing policies.




tcais believes maintaining the state’s stable, competitive auto and homeowners insurance marketplace is critical to keep insurance affordable and available for consumers, and to allow insurers to afford to keep serving texans and paying claims.






   
   



learn more about texas
insurance regulation.


   

 issue profile: losses ratios severe weather and other national and international stresses have taken their toll on texas’ insurance market in recent years. but an analysis of combined loss ratios, a core indicator of insurance rate adequacy and performance, clearly shows that texas’ market structure has remained strong for both consumers and insurers, allowing for the payment of claims while keeping policies priced very close to a long-term break-even level.   

read more




         new

  




 state of the market

multiple forces are fueling the surge in both homeowners and auto insurance rates that policyholders in texas and across the united states are experiencing. learn more in our “state of the market” reports below.
  

view homeowners report

  

view auto report


  







    key issues

the texas insurance market has stabilized since the texas legislature passed landmark reforms in 2003. the state must remain committed to policies that protect consumers while encouraging companies to do business here. insurance loss ratiosinsurance cost drivers﻿twia funding




    risk mitigation

we can’t control the weather or the major cost drivers of inflation that impact the cost of insurance. but policymakers can pass meaningful reforms to save lives, prevent loss and damage, decrease insurance claims and lower insurance premiums for consumers.

  

learn more




   the abc's of insurance rates... the texas insurance marketplace 


must be able to weather the storm



   
      a

  




texas weather texas has the most severe weather in the country – with exposure to nine different types of natural disasters – the most among any state. although texas has been subject to some of the biggest weather-related catastrophes, severity is only part of the story.         



 









       b

  




fraud & abuse texans suffer tremendous roof-related losses because of the state’s severe weather, including hail, tornadoes and hurricanes. but when it comes time to get that damage fixed, consumers and roofers are extremely vulnerable to bad actors in the roofing business.         



 









       c

  




risk mitigation while we can’t control the weather, there are a number of things texans – from individual homeowners to state legislators – can do both before and after a storm hits to protect lives, lessen storm damage, reduce insurance claims and save money.        



 











    ﻿let’s connect!
  










       

    

 

 




© 2025 — tcais — all rights reserved

















































































































  
  share by:








