



down syndrome association of orange county :: home










dsa|oc :: down syndrome association of orange county


home
about us
about down syndrome
resources & services
news & events
contact us
blog

























other important links

calendar of events
monthly fridge post
anuncios de marzo
choc children’s down syndrome program
uci adult primary care down syndrome clinic
california department of development services - complaints / appeals information
healthcare series seminars
recreation resource guide
child care resources
español
the optimist newsletter archives
quick question
donate




new/expectant parents

educators

health care professionals










dsaoc adoption storiescoming spring 2019
dsaoc’s community corner shares the stories of individuals with down syndrome, and the people and organizations making a difference in their lives.







orange county buddy walk 2024sunday, november 3
new venue! oak canyon private parkinfo & registration








2024 wdsd celebration
join us at pacific city on thursday, march 21 in celebration of this year's wdsd, from 5:30-7:30 p.m.
 
 



2024 red carpet ball
saturday, may 18  /  6-10 p.m.the grand theater in anaheimregister




2024 golf tournament
monday, june 17los coyotes country club in buena parkinfo & registration



2024 oc bike camp
monday july 29 — friday august 2soka university in aliso viejoinformation




ways of giving
sign up for our newsletter










the down syndrome association of orange county (dsaoc) is the original down syndrome organization for greater orange county - serving families and our community since 1978.
dsaoc’s mission is to create a place for connection, information and hope for people with down syndrome and their families throughout greater orange county, to promote down syndrome awareness through community outreach, and to offer programs, services and support that aim to empower individuals with down syndrome to reach their full potential. our vision is to be a one-stop-shop for all things down syndrome related, and to be a model organization for community collaboration and down syndrome awareness, to change perceptions and change lives.
we were founded in 1978 by a small group of dedicated parents sitting around a kitchen table putting together resource materials and providing support to new parents. now, more than thirty five years later, dsaoc continues to build on those strong traditions of the past by serving more than 2,000 families in and around orange county.
the dsaoc center, located in costa mesa, is the venue for many of our activities, events, seminars, and support groups. in addition, much of our work includes outreach and collaboration with an expanding network of educators, healthcare providers, researchers, therapists, employers, policymakers, and many others in the community. you too are invited to join us in our journey to a world where every person with down syndrome is a valued member of society.
view a current list of our programs and services here.
we hope you will find the information here at www.dsaoc.org to be helpful! to learn more about dsaoc click here.




educator of the year 2019-20 nomination form coming soon! 
check out dsaoc's 2019 "year in review"
download our 2019 year in review:  https://www.dsaoc.org/pdfs/2019-dsaoc-a-year-in-review.pdf
missed our 2018 year in review?  it's still available at: https://www.dsaoc.org/pdfs/2018-dsaoc-a-year-in-review.pdf
the dsaoc dad's group is on facebook!


https://www.facebook.com/dsaocdads 
dsaoc’s support & networking groups at the dsaoc center
1st thursday of most months from 7-9 p.m. - circle of friends: for new & expectant parents, as well as parents who have children with down syndrome of all ages who want to network and socialize with others on a similar journey. special presentations and more!  call 714-540-5794 or email admin@dsaoc.org for the schedule.
new at the dsaoc center beginning tuesday, january 21, 2020! alzheimer's oc, dsaoc, along with uci and other partners are bringing a quarterly informational and support group to dsaoc families. every third month, on the 3rd tuesday of the month beginning at 10 a.m.
most mondays beginning at 11 a.m. - homeschool friends social & networking group, for parents and caregivers of children with down syndrome that are currently home schooling, or are considering this educational option.  children are welcome to come for social time. call 714-540-5794 or email admin@dsaoc.org for the schedule.
are you a dad or grandfather of a loved one with down syndrome?  join our dsaoc dads group!                                                                                                  
click here to download the interest form and submit it to the dsaoc center  for more information, please contact kellie perez at kperez@dsaoc.org  
 



















©2000-2022 down syndrome association of orange county
home | about us | about down syndrome | resources & services | news & events | contact us | blog | sitemap

dsaoc is a non-profit organization exempt from federal and state income taxes under section 501 (c) (3)
		of the internal revenue code and section 23701 (d) of the california revenue and taxation code.
site design : nien studios





search



