




occa - ohio community corrections association












  
			about  | 
			members only 
			|  links  | 
			contact




























   home   |  
					find a service   |  
					occa news  
					|   calendar   |  
					registration   |  
					continuing education  
					|   initiatives

















mission:

										the ohio community corrections
										association (occa) offers to member
										community correction service providers
										the opportunity for advocacy and
										professional development, which enhances
										the ability to reduce repeat criminal
										offending.
										










ohio
										community corrections association
										2100 stella court
										columbus, oh  43215

telephone:
										(614) 252-8417










click here to
										contact us

















										annual conference presentationdownloads















halfway house general information:
										requirements and minimum licensing
										standards for community residential
										centers



































view
											all member agencies










view our
											informational video
learn about occa's impact in ohio.  
read our
annual report  | 
											fact sheet 
											| 
											best investment  |  
											autumn 2014 newsletter

upcoming
											event:


		there are no upcoming events to list.



											
											 

											 







 register now

  using a housing first approachvirtual training  january 9, 2025    2.5 cobs, 2.5 ceus, 2.5 rchspresenters: aubre jones, director of training and equitable practice, cohhio  peter fowler, equity & training coordinator, cohhio    program synopsis . as ohio experiences an unprecedented housing crisis, criminal justice-involved individuals continue to face additional challenges and barriers in obtaining safe and affordable housing.  the ohio community corrections association is partnering with the coalition on homelessness and housing in ohio (cohhio) to offer a series of workshops designed to provide corrections professionals with the tools to help their clients more effectively navigate the housing services available throughout ohio. this first workshop in the series will introduce the concept of housing first.  housing first is a consumer-driven approach that provides immediate access to permanent housing, in addition to flexible, community-based services for people who have experienced homelessness.   this training is designed to increase understanding of the housing first principles and the evidence-based practices grounded in those principles.   participants must be able to respond to poll questions,  have access to a microphone for virtual breakout sessions, and video cameras should be turned on.  all participants will engage in an interactive, virtual training and share their knowledge and experience.  this training is geared toward case managers, probation officers, and others who assist criminal justice involved individuals in meeting their housing needs.              register using the link at the top of the page.  occa does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, disability, and age in employment or the delivery of services.
 















legal/privacy statement 
					|  ©2018 occa ohio community
					corrections association










design by ash image



