



lanair waste oil heaters





















































sales - 800-562-5504 • parts & service - 888-370-6531




toggle navigation







faqs
contact us

login


cart
(0)


cart
(0)





you have no items in your shopping cart.        

















×
notification























heaters




xt series




xtd series - ductable




value packages




radiant






service packages




bronze




gold plus




platinum




diamond






parts




burner & chamber combo replacement




chamber replacement




chimney kits




tanks




burner replacement




pre-heater replacement




heater parts




tank parts




chimney parts






fans




hvls fans




industrial fans




about us


resources


news & events
videos
product manuals
waste oil heater financing


faqs
contact us
shopping cart
login

hover images









 








go
























a lanair waste oil heater puts the “freeze” on high energy costs
select your ideal package with our easy to use package builder.
start building










easy parts finder look up


easily find parts for all lanair heater models! whether you’re installing a new system or maintaining your current one, our handy parts-finding tool simplifies locating and ordering everything you need. keep your waste oil heater running efficiently and extend its lifespan.
 
parts finder








xt150 waste oil heater value package


includes:

heater with 80 gallon tank
thru roof 6" chimney kit

learn more












how much is your used oil worth?
use our savings calculator to find out how much green you will save while protecting the environment.
note: these values are based on u.s. energy information administration energy prices using 200,000 btu equivalent calculations. this value is only an estimate and due to fluctuating factors, including installation conditions, weather and the constantly changing fuel-source prices, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of this calculator.






 



what is your current heating source?
                        
natural gas
electric
propane
#2 fuel oil







                        how many gallons of waste oil does your business produce in a year? 









by replacing your current heating source with a waste oil heater.your 1st year savings, could be as much as:








                        what is your current waste oil disposal cost per gallon? 
$







                    your additional savings from burning waste oil instead of disposing of waste oil, would be:
                










                        number of years you would like to see savings for:
                    









                    
                    over the course of 10 years you could save:
                












series
value packages
now burns 100% synthetic oil, along with other used fluids!

easy self installation
factory direct pricing
free lifetime phone support
avoid costly disposal fees

go to store




parts & accessories
purchasing factory direct parts & accessories for your lanair waste oil heater insures the highest quality of replacement parts and compatibility. annual maintenance keeps your heater operating at peak performance and the installation of parts and accessories is made easy through free technical support (via phone).

 heater parts
 chimney parts
 tank parts
 boiler parts




"i was very pleased with the lanair heater i had for 20 years. i needed to replace it and naturally went with another lanair." - daniel skowron / complete automotive





frequently asked questions
- click here to read all frequently asked questions -


how does a lanair waste oil heater work?
look at our diagram to get an idea of how a lanair waste oil heater works!
view diagram


why burn waste oil when i can have it hauled away?
you are giving away valuable fuel which could be used with a lanair waste oil heater to generate free heat for your shop! check out our "waste oil value" calculator to get an idea of how quickly this can add up!
use calculator


who can i talk with about installation or maintenance?
call and ask to speak with one of our knowledgeable factory service technicians.
contact us















                contact us

            






pay in monthly installments
flexible monthly payments allow you to save on your heating costs today. available through peac financing.
learn more








quick links

sitemap
product manuals
waste oil heater faqs
returns / shipping policy
security policy / privacy



newsletter signup
stay up to date on the latest news and waste oil heat technology. we never rent, sell or distribute your email address.





proud member of




we get social





















payment methods











hide









                    copyright © 2025 lanair products llc. all rights reserved.
                

website designed by foremost media®


















×close
quick view




close










