




































    
    home - bentley realtybentley realty, inc.
  
  













               


 (704) 938-2530


       home



  listings


   rental properties



  property for sale





  sales



  tenants


   overview





  owners


   management services





  resources


   area information



  hospitals and government



  schools



  utilities



  relocation



  mortgage and finance



  local media





  about us



  contact











    
 





     

   

 available properties view our available rental properties.   

learn more


 management services we manage your properties efficiently and effectively, providing exceptional service.   

learn more


 



   welcome to bentley realty, inc! bently property management, inc we strive to provide the highest quality of service to all our clients while making each transaction as profitable, professional, and stress-free as possible. we understand the importance of professional ethics, integrity and continued education. call or email us today for information on your next real estate transaction.our real estate website is intended to supply you with the most recent real estate market information for concord, salisbury, lake norman, charlotte and surrounding area homes for sale. we feature a free listings search function that will allow you to locate the kind of north carolina home or property you are seeking.    the kannapolis area is a great place to live! the new “north carolina research campus” with the world’s finest biotechnology laboratory for cancer research and many other endeavors involving duke university, uncc and others is here; several lakefront and country club communities, including “the club at irish creek” with about 400 new, upscale homes is in progress; award winning schools for our children; beautiful lake norman is nearby; numerous new home developments are underway; land and investment opportunities abound. let us help you with all your special job and employment relocation needs as the research campus continues to grow. turn to us with confidence for all your corporate transfer needs.whether you already know which area you are interested in, or are looking for some suggestions, contact us today and we will be happy to discuss any question(s) you might have about kannapolis, concord, salisbury, lake norman, charlotte, or any of the surrounding cities
  











       bentley realty, inc.
      



 616 n main st, kannapolis, nc 28081, united states


     



 (704) 938-2530



  areas of service
 charlotte, china grove, concord,denver, harrisburg, huntersville,kannapolis, landis, mooresville,rockwell and salisbury
  property management
 for information about our property management services, please call us today at (704) 938-2530.licensed in north carolina and south carolina


      

 dmca notice





   sitemap © 2023 all rights reserved. bentley realty, inc.
 

















































































































  
  share by:





   




