





our pet our family - every creature counts























































































skip to content 

 







 





 
menu 
home
dogs journal
blog

blog
essentials
health care
rescue
food
guides


about us

privacy policy


contact us
 










every creature counts
every creature counts is passionate about animal rescue! we are a family of rescuers who works with small animal shelters around the southern illinois area to foster, transport, or adopt out homeless strays and work with tireless animal advocates to help stop animal overpopulation.
read our blog





animal rescue network & foster home provider.
we work with puppy rescue 911, inc. to rescue abandoned dogs and find forever loving homes to abandoned companion animals in the southern illinois area.
donate







related articles
crate training your dog for travel: tips for successful vacationsposted on november 5, 2023embarking on a journey with your furry companion can be an exciting experience, but it’s important to ensure your dog’s comfort and safety during travel. one effective way to achieve … read morecan cats have ranch? is it healthy and safe as a treat?posted on january 29, 2023if there are pictures we can smell, then there are certainly words we can taste, and one of them is “ranch.” just hearing the word makes us want to dip … read morecan cats eat barbecue sauce? potential risks you should be aware of!posted on january 29, 2023it is nearly impossible to resist the smell of aromatics and flavorful charred meat. we can’t really blame our felines whenever they lift their little paws and try to get … read morehow to make raccoon-proof cat feeder [plus 7 best options]posted on january 27, 2023raccoons climbing and scratching the balcony or entering the house is a common problem in north america. they are clever, curious, and bold creatures. in addition to their striking appearance … read more





explore our blog categories




blogplease help us break the cycle of pet overpopulation in rural areas. adopt, don’t shop! support your local shelters and don’t give money to backyard breeders.learn more


foodwhat you feed your pets highly impacts what kind of pets you end up with. give only the best, most natural dog or cat food to your furry babies.learn more


health caredogs & cats! they lower our stress level, our heart rate and blood pressure. it’s just fair that we also value their health by giving them the best vet care.learn more


essentialstraining is vital for pet parents’ peace of mind. what makes your dog aggressive? what controls their unwanted behaviors? click here to learn about dog training secrets.learn more



the not so secret lives of pets

pekingese chihuahua mix: breed informationposted on july 23, 2022by lovelia hornposted in dogs journal0 commentsso, you’re thinking about getting a pekingese chihuahua mix? great decision! this adorable little pup is the perfect combination of two popular breeds. but before you run out and bring … read morethe world’s most dangerous dog – top 12 aggressive dog breedsposted on june 6, 2022by lovelia hornposted in dogs journal0 commentswhether you’re a dog lover or not, it’s hard to deny that some breeds of dogs are more dangerous than others. if you’re thinking about getting a dog, it’s important … read moredoberman greyhound mix: 9 important factsposted on may 23, 2022by lovelia hornposted in guides, dogs journal0 commentsdobermans and greyhounds are two different kinds of dogs. they have different appearances, personalities, and behaviors. so, what would happen if you put them together? you get a doberman greyhound … read moresamoyed poodle mix: comprehensive sammypoo guideposted on may 23, 2022by lovelia hornposted in guides, dogs journal0 commentsdo you own a samoyed poodle mix? are you thinking of getting one? if so, you are probably wondering what to expect from this adorable little hybrid. lucky for you, … read morewhat is samoyed australian shepherd mix?posted on may 23, 2022by lovelia hornposted in guides, dogs journal0 commentsit is a cross between a samoyed and an australian shepherd. these dogs are often called “sammy aussies” or “aussie sammies.” they are medium to large dogs with a thick … read moresamoyed corgi mix: main traits you need to knowposted on may 22, 2022by lovelia hornposted in guides, dogs journal1 commentdogs make the perfect pet because they come in so many shapes and sizes. you can find a dog that is the perfect fit for your lifestyle and personality. if … read more



who we are
every creature counts is passionate about animal rescue! we are a family of rescuers who have worked with small animal shelters around the southern illinois area to foster, transport, or adopt out homeless strays and work with tireless animal advocates to help stop animal overpopulation and shed a spotlight on rampant animal abuse. our passion has driven us to work with local rescue groups to get animals the help they need.
more about us



do you want to adopt a dog?







we want your pet ownership experience to be the best it can possibly be. explore our site to learn about the best tips to be a responsible dog owner.
learn more
















© 2025 every creature counts • built with generatepress 















