




wood hollow cabinets - wood hollow cabinets









































































our work

kitchens
baths
laundry/mud rooms
built-ins
decorative hoods
custom closets
mantels
islands


about us

our company
faq
warranty
what we do


options

cabinet accessories
door styles
drawer front styles
finishes
glass
wire mesh
moulding
hardware


visit our showroom
cabinet care
contact us
 














 


 


 


 


 


 


 









about us
wood hollow cabinets was established in 1989 and offers custom kitchen cabinets, as well as, baths, entertainment centers, mantels, closets, circle top window trim, and fluted casing. our cabinetry is crafted from hand selected hardwoods and ply woods insuring only the best quality.
our showroom is one of the largest in the southeast displaying over 10,000 square feet of custom cabinetry.
proud to be one of the only custom manufacturer’s in the area using a baked on finish.






our work


   						our quality and service is why we are one of the largest custom manufactures in the southeast. 
   					

what clients say


   						we have rave reviews from our customers. see our work shown here on the site. 
   					

reach out


   						contacting us is easy! click here.
   					










committed to excellence
we pride ourselves on every custom cabinetry project to surpass our client’s expectations. if you are considering custom cabinetry for your space, meet with our professionals at wood hollow cabinets and experience why our first time customers become our life long customers.
schedule a consult

















quality
wood hollow cabinets has built a reputation of unsurpassed quality and craftsmanship since 1989. we are craftsmen & craftswomen, and our attention to detail is simply unmatched. our cabinetry is hand crafted from the some of the finest woods available. wood hollow cabinets uses furniture style construction methods, including all wood frames and boxes, dovetail drawers, dado joinery, and baked on finishes.
learn more















contact us
monday - friday 8am - 5:30pm
saturday 10am - 3pm | sunday closed
call us at (706) 272-3797
follow us
 
 





© 2025 wood hollow cabinets, inc. all rights reserved.

custom web design by studio98



















