maine children's alliance: advocating for the well-being of all maine familiesmaine children's alliance: advocating for the well-being of all maine familieslogoabout usmission & goalsmeet our boardmeet our staffmaine children's alliance in the newsprioritiesearly care and educationhealth, safety & well-beingfamily economic & food securitykids countmaine child welfare action networktake actionstay connected!state house bill tracking - 132nd legislatureeventspublicationsdataall data bookscounty profilesblogdonate nowopen menumaine children's allianceadvocating for the well-being of all maine familiesmca's vision is that all maine children are safe, healthy, nurtured by family and community, and have the opportunity to learn and grow to reach their full potential. stay connected with our work and help us remain a strong, independent voice for maine's children. 2024 county profilesmca policy priorities 2025the maine children’s alliance advocates for sound public policies and promotes best practices to improve the lives of maine children, youth, and families. in the first regular session of the 132nd maine legislature, mca is committed to elevating the voices and interests of maine children, youth, and families. our priorities focus on important investments to improve the many systems of support children, youth, and families depend on for their health, safety, and well-being. learn more our 2025 policy priorities2023 maine kids count® data bookyou will notice that the 2023 maine kids count data book looks different. we added new content to align with our commitments to center equity in our work and to elevate the voices of people closest to the issues and solutions.  visit: 2023 maine kids count data book  special thanks to the annie e. casey foundation, john t. gorman foundation, and the maine health access foundation for supporting maine kids count. 2023 update helping maine growstrengthening our early care and education system will improve the health and well-being of children and support working parentsmainers have a long tradition of working together to solve tough problems. right now, we face a significant, but solvable challenge of an inadequate early care and education (ece) system. in fact, the problem is that it isn’t a “system” at all but a patchwork of programs of variable quality, affordability, and availability throughout the state. this creates inequities in opportunity both for children’s healthy development and the stability of our workforce. what can we do to support the needs of our modern workforce and ensure maine has a professional and thriving early care and education system? in the following sections, we briefly describe the current challenges facing both families and providers, strategies to help repair our patchwork of programs throughout the state to create a true early childhood system, and what kinds of investments are required to build and sustain that system.2023 update: helping maine grownewsmainers honored for impacting the lives of children across the stateit was the 30th year of honoring those who stick their neck out for maine children in the annual giraffe awards. six individuals, businesses and organizations were given giraffe awards tuesday for their work with maine kids. put on by the maine children’s alliance, it’s one of the organization’s favorite events of the year.december 12, 2024 county profileskids countthe 2024 maine county profiles include a summary of each county’s strengths and challenges, demographic data, and select indicators of child health and well-being. they offer insight into how policies and practices in maine are working and where there are opportunities for improvement. 2024 county profiles advocating for maine children and familiesas part of our 25th anniversary celebration in 2019, we created a short video to highlight all the important work of the maine children’s alliance, as we look back at where we’ve come from, how we got where we are today, and what we hope to do in the future.because whether it’s ensuring parents can live and raise their families outside of poverty, children have access to health care, families can afford quality child care, schools are supporting student achievement, and children have a safe and permanent home, that’s where mca will be, until we can proudly say that we have truly helped to make maine, “the best place to be a kid.”join our efforts to improve the lives of maine kids by making adonation nowthe maine children’s alliance advocates for sound public policies and promotes best practices to improve the lives of all maine children, youth, and families.331 state street, augusta, maine 04330 • phone: (207) 623-1868  • email: outreach@mekids.org   © maine children's alliance   logocloseabout usmission & goalsmeet our boardmeet our staffmaine children's alliance in the newsprioritiesearly care and educationhealth, safety & well-beingfamily economic & food securitykids countmaine child welfare action networktake actionstay connected!state house bill tracking - 132nd legislatureeventspublicationsdataall data bookscounty profilesblogdonate now