


















home page - city of fallon






















































 



community

utilities
moving here
schools
police & fire
city recreation
local transportation
fallon municipal airport (flx)
things to do
homeowner building permits
events


business

doing business in fallon
business licenses & building permits


government

mayor’s office
city council
departments


visitors

traditional annual events
convention


 

 

meetings

city council meetings
board of adjustment
convention and tourism authority
archived meeting minutes & agendas


i want to…

apply for …

job opportunities
licenses & permits
new utility services
volunteer opportunities


find…

what ward i live in
city projects
parks and recreational facilities
sports tournaments
media alerts
utility service termination


pay…

city utilities bill
utility payment dropbox
traffic citation


report…

file a police report
road & traffic issues


view…

interactive flood modeling map
council meetings & agendas
things to do/visitors
media & news




contact us
 






    close
  



    search
    











 



























easily pay your bills online with the city of fallon’s convenient xpress bill pay service. click here to take care of yours now.if xpress bill pay is unavailable, or if you are more comfortable speaking directly with one of the city’s friendly account clerks, please feel free to contact the city clerk’s office at 775.423.5104 to pay your utility bill over the phone.  you can also use any of the four (4) utility payment drop box locations throughout the city to make your payment. 



      community information    







explore fallon with these travelstory virtual tours
25 june 2021
no matter where you are, you can now visit fallon from anywhere in the world. the free travelstory app will host a historical walking tour and an arts & agriculture tour, both narrated by fallon’s very own mayor ken tedford, and will take visitors through fallon’s diverse range of sights, activities and landmarks.  the app […]


more








introducing the city of fallon off-highway vehicle (ohv) trails map
25 january 2021
this map of off-road hotspots makes it easier than ever to traverse the varied, vast landscape of nevada, no matter how many wheels you have.


more





view
      all











a note from mayor tedford
welcome to the city of fallon website, where we invite you to explore all that our community has to offer as either a citizen, future resident or a visitor. our quiet neighborhoods, welcoming residents and strong economy rooted in local business are the foundations of what makes our community so special.
uncover the meaningful history, many events, fruitful harvests, services, and resources that continuously bring people together with a passion for the city of fallon.
please feel free to reach out with any questions through our contact form and we’ll be happy to assist you.
we look forward to seeing you soon,ken tedford mayor, city of fallon


                    mayor’s office                  










resources







b
pay my bills




g
city meetings




h
quarterly financial statements




m
archived minutes & agendas




r
advertisements for bids










job opportunities
at the heart of the city of fallon’s strong economy and local pride are the hardworking people that make our city great. explore our employment opportunities and learn how you can join our community today.






          police officer jobs        



          maintenance worker ii – sanitation        








partners











































 





sitemap


community
business
government
visitors
meetings
job opportunities
contact us




















          copyright © 2025 city of fallon. all rights reserved | website design and development by the abbi agency














