


















poudre river trail: experience the trail





































 






970-381-6250
director@poudretrail.org



facebook




rss


  





facebook




rss



  
 
 

















						menu  
						≡
╳









				about
			








					about the poudre trail
				








					history of the area
				








					geography
				








					habitat and wildlife
				








					financial information and annual reports
				








					faq
				








					story posts & trail sections
				








						overview
					








						river bluffs
					








						bison arroyo
					








						oxbow / overland trail
					








						great western farm
					








						kodak
					








						prisoner of war
					








						sharkstooth
					








						signature bluffs
					








						sheep draw junction
					








						cottonwood bend
					








						sandpiper ponds
					








						spanish colony
					








						island grove
					












				maps
			








					trail maps
				








					island grove park
				








					poudre ponds
				








					rover run dog park
				








					signature bluffs natural area
				








					poudre river learning center
				








					kodak watchable wildlfie area
				








					eastman park
				








					frank state wildlife area
				








					river bluffs open space
				










				trail conditions
			








					general trail conditions
				








					trail alerts
				








					trail etiquette
				








					trail locator system
				










				events
			








cwa









					cycling without age 











				how to help
			








					friends of the trail
				








					volunteer
				








					donate
				








					newsletter
				










				contact
			








				donate
			





 





select page


  
 



 



 













explore
a whole new world
learn more








adventure
is calling
learn more








explore
a whole new world
learn more








adventure
is calling
learn more












please enjoy the story of the poudre river trail and how we connected greeley and windsor. like it and share it. what does the trail mean to you? we would love to hear your comments. the trail is there for you every day. your donation makes sure the poudre river trail corridor is preserved for future generations.










welcome to a whole new world

the cache la poudre river is rich in history and is the lifeblood for water resources in the northern colorado region. the poudre river trail allows access to the section of the river corridor between greeley and windsor in weld county, colorado. the trail is a wide paved path with gentle grades that is away from road noise and busy intersections. it allows those that use the trail to enjoy the natural beauty of the meandering river and the stands of cottonwood trees and wetland meadows that line its banks.







explore the trail 







maps



the poudre river trail is 21 miles of a well maintained paved pathway for walking, cycling, running, roller-blading and more. the trail extends from island grove regional park in greeley to colorado highway 392 in windsor where it connects to the trail in larimer county’s river bluff’s open space. the trail is open to the public and includes informational signs that highlight many of the historical sites and educational opportunities to visit along our trail. there are many locations within windsor and greeley to catch the trail. find your trail. (link find your trail to trail maps)




wildlife

the cache la poudre river corridor has remained in a semi-natural state even though much of the land around it has been developed for agriculture, housing, retail or industrial purposes. don’t be surprised if you come across a wide variety of animals that live along the river. trail users regularly sight deer grazing the grasslands or stop to watch an eagle soaring above the cottonwood forests. more than just a trail, the river corridor is an outdoor adventure for all ages.
 











respect the trail 







in order for everyone to enjoy their trail experience, there are proper manners for all trail users to exhibit.

stay to the right & never use more than half of the trail
use caution approaching others with a friendly greeting or bell.
yield: faster yields to slower
be respectful of others regardless of activity, speed or skill level
your dog is welcome on the trail with a lead attached. pack out waste.
know trail etiquette and follow trail rules
remember, the trail is for non-motorized use only.

respect the resources: look at wildlife from a distance, leave wildflowers and plants for others to enjoy, and stay on the designated trail.
the poudre river trail is open to the public, but most of the adjacent land is private property. please be respectful to property owners that allowed the trail to cross their property.
practice the “leave no trace” principles. be sensitive to the area, stay on existing trails and pack out at least as much as you take in.

more




 







 



about
maps
conditions
events
cycling without age
how to help
donate
 
 





facebook




rss


  

 
 
 













