




new & used cinema and broadcast equipment - newprovideo































new pro video logo
















                                    new
                                

                                    v
                                    ideo
                                    


                                    .com
                                





 new and used broadcast and digital cinema equipment
broadcast and digital cinema equipment sales
 







+1 (800) 462-8895
serving the moving picture industry since 1992










home

pre-owned equip 

accessories
all listings
latest listings
pre-owned cameras
pre-owned gimbals
pre-owned lenses
pre-owned support gear
television production trucks & trailers



new equip 

accessories cameraslatest listingslensessupport gear  


services 
appraisals equipment financing-socal leasingproduction servicesindustry links equipment request 

about us 

about us
blog
our process
testimonial
why new pro video


contact us

















sell your equipment



                            our facebook
                            







								our instagram
                                






                            our linkedin
                            












            new pro video systems your place for new & 
            used cinema and broadcast equipment.
            cameras, lenses and accessories!
        

            whether you need new or used cinema or broadcast equipment or have equipment to sell, new pro video systems 
            has been serving the industry as a reseller for both new & pre owned equipment since 1992.
            let new pro video years of experience, resources and networking help you get the right gear for your production needs!
        
browse equipment



latest listings










                                    canon fd lens set of 8 rehoused by zero optik 20,24,28,35,55,85,100 &135mm                                


                                $96000.00                            










                                    sony venice 1 6k ff camera package low hours!                                


                                $22000.00                            










                                    cooke mini s4i lens set of 7 18,21,32,40,50,75,135mm                                


                                $31000.00                            










                                    sony pxw-fx9 xdcam 6k full-frame camera pkg.                                


                                $6400.00                            








subscribe to updates
you will receive notifications about new products











listing your equipment
let new pro video help you sell your broadcast and cinema equipment. you do your work and new pro video does
            theirs marketing and advertising your equipment to thousands of industry professionals nationally and
            internationally while providing protection for all parties.
we are sure you have specific questions, please call new pro video
            843-554-7811 or email barbara@newprovideo.com

list your equipment below and we will contact you shortly:


 

your name:
 

phone number:
 



equipment type: 
 

make and model: 

 /
 



                submit
            









popular categories





pre-owned cameras



aerial camera system


arri cameras


hi speed camera


ptz cameras


red digital cinema


sony professional & broadcast



all categories





pre-owned lenses



broadcast lenses


cinema lenses 


lens adaptors



all categories







testimonials




                    "when it comes to my equipment purchases, there is no one but new pro video. the staff keeps me
                    informed on the
                    latest and greatest information, and will spend the time answering each and every one of my
                    questions."
                
harry lloyd, head of crm



                    "in the world of digital photography, you either keep up, or you get left behind. new pro video has
                    been my
                    technology partner, ever since i bought my first dslr from them in 1992."
                
kate swanberg, product manager



                    "when it comes to my equipment purchases, there is no one but new pro video. the staff keeps me
                    informed on the
                    latest and greatest information, and will spend the time answering each and every one of my
                    questions."
                
harry lloyd, head of crm



                    "in the world of digital photography, you either keep up, or you get left behind. new pro video has
                    been my
                    technology partner, ever since i bought my first dslr from them in 1992."
                
kate swanberg, product manager







about us

new pro video systems inc. has been in business since december 1992, serving both the broadcast and moving pictures industry offering new and pre owned cinema and broadcast television production equipment: new and used professional  cameras, lenses, support gear, multi camera set ups, production trucks, and more! over 28 years in business selling professional production equipment sales both new & used production equipment, nationally and internationally. where a 
good deal is when everyone is happy!check out the the new lines we now offer! 





21 years of experience

                    not every broker can claim to have the duration and depth of industry experience of barbara holler.
                    she knows the professional video business deeply and can solve problems in ways that other, less
                    experienced brokers might be at a loss for.
                





honest depictions of equipment

                    because barbara only works with manufacturers and other partners she trusts and has a deep
                    understanding of, the pictures that she uses to accompany descriptions of the used broadcast
                    equipment she deals in can be considered accurate and trusted.
                





work towards owning, not renting

                    barbara will help those who are interested in committing to their profession to the long-term, and
                    will therefore take steps to identify the right broadcast equipment and professional video cameras
                    that others might not be as willing to take.
                





high satisfaction

                    no-nonsense performance and a focus on the customer means that you can count on barbara to deliver
                    more attention to your needs, and therefore there’s a better chance of leaving a deal happy and
                    looking forward to getting to work.
                







browse equipment
if you are looking for something specific, packages or pre-sales
                support
browse equipment




sell your equipment
let new pro video help you sell your equipment
sell your equipment






ico-work










ico-satisfaction





ico-honest





ico-experience







ico-specials



















ico-price




ico-new
















ico-lens




















ico-latest








ico-camera





ico-accessories








copyright © 2025 newprovideo.com
web presence management – dizzain.com


privacy policy
sitemap




                        our facebook
                        







                       our instagram
                        






                        our linkedin
                        










search-ico



twitter



instagram



linkedin





facebook

























