














































woodworking machines and systems - michael weinig (usa)















































                see the moulding technology that gives you the advantage
            





welcome to weinig holz-her usa

the world's leader for solid wood and panel processing



                              see the moulding technology that gives you the advantage
                          














start search





weinig group










                     
                

productsrip sawsunirip seriesvariorip seriesprofirip seriesflexirip seriesband resawsvariosplit 900profisplit 1100powersplit 1250planers and moulderscube 3profimat seriesunimat seriespowermat serieshydromat serieswide planing seriestool grindersrondamat seriesweinig system plusscanner systemscombiscan senseeasyscan smarteasyscan rteasyscan / easyscan liteescanundertable cross-cut sawsopticut c 50optimizing cross-cut sawsopticut 150opticut 200 seriesopticut 450 seriesoptimizing cross-cut saws with positioning pusherunicut popticut s 50opticut s 50+opticut s 90 serieseasystopfinger jointing linesthe profijoint eagle by weinigshort wood linesconstruction timber systemscompact systemssingle panel linesthrough-feed pressgluing pressesprofipress l ii seriesprofipress l-seriesprofipress t-seriesprofipress c-seriesprofipress xsoftwaremillvisionenvisioncnc processing centerconturex processing centervario mc 50conturex system linescnc milling, drilling and dowel centerunipintoolsconventional toolshydro-toolspowerlockjointing technologyaccessoriespre-owned machinesused mouldersused grindersused crosscut sawsused rip sawsused fingerjointersother used machinessystem solutionsfinancial servicesprocessing procedureswidth cuttingcutting / gluing with weinigwidth cuttinguniversal cuttingscanner technologycross-cuttinggluingprofiling with weinigplaning and profilingjointing with weinigfinger-jointingjointing technologywindow / cnc technology with weinigwindow and door productionfurniture and single-part productionservice




parts & tooling solutionsparts & tooling online storerequest a parts package consultationpopular spare partsin-house servicestool grinding servicebench repair servicegeneral service informationweinig holz-her training centersafety informationapp suitemaintenance and inspectiondiagnostics hotlinespare parts serviceregister a used machinereceive equipment serviceon-site serviceremote servicereport a machine faultdigitization









w4.0 digital – moving into a digital future with weinigcloud solutions (app suite)production and master computer (control suite)connectivity (viaconnector edge)maschinen-monitoring (viacockpit)izy - connects your machines




company overview




companylocationsolution portfolioin the knowexpo west - anaheim californiasee upcoming eventsnews & presslatest newspress releasespress photographytrade showsupcoming trade shows and events (us)global fairs, shows, & eventswhistleblowing systemcareerscareer opportunitiesour environmentcontact




sales & servicegeneral machine salesfind your local weinig expertparts & service contacts at weinig usasocial media & newsletternewsletter signupofficial facebook pagelinkedin company profiletwitter feedother inquiriescall-back requestemployment inquirymooresville, nc showroomanaheim, ca showroomonline parts store




















shop all productsrequest a catalogmake a payment
























cutting / gluing









profiling









jointing technology









window / cnc technology









panel processing




























latest news







        
                02/10/2022
            


	


				weinig subsidiary raimann successfully arrives at new location
		



at the beginning of the year, weinig subsidiary raimann holzoptimierung gmbh & co. kg moved from its previous production site in freiburg to its new...

        more
    






        
                01/31/2022
            


	


				weinig as a full-range supplier in the clt sector
		



the weinig group, the world’s leading technology provider in the woodworking industry, has been able to win a major project as a complete supplier at...

        more
    






        
                01/27/2022
            


	


				weinig management board complete again
		



weinig ag, the leading technology provider for the solid wood and panel processing industry and small businesses, has a new chief technology officer.
...

        more
    






        
                12/07/2020
            


	


				weinig gruppe affected by cyber attack
		



last weekend the weinig group became the target of an organized cyber attack. the locations in great britain, australia and asia are not affected. the...

        more
    






        
                01/22/2020
            


	


				the weinig group at the holz-handwerk / fensterbau frontale 2020: numerous world premieres to inspire visitors
		



at the holz-handwerk / fensterbau frontale 2020 in nürnberg, the weinig group's exhibition line includes over 25 exhibits, representing pioneering...

        more
    






        
                11/08/2019
            


	


				industry meeting at weinig dimter: exciting highlights inspire the visitors in illertissen
		



with the fourth edition of the weinig dimter packaging days, another highlight of the weinig group took place in illertissen on 23 and 24 october...

        more
    






        
                08/30/2019
            


	


				weinig: head of communications klaus müller leaves the company
		



klaus müller can look back on a remarkable 50 years with the leading technology provider for solid wood processing.

        more
    






        
                05/22/2019
            


	


				experience the weinig powermobile at axis machinery's open house
		



the weinig powermobile will be on display during axis machinery's open house. equipped with a powermat 700 moulder and a variorip 310 rip saw, this is...

        more
    






        
                05/21/2019
            


	


				weinig’s application engineer to speak at awfs 2019
		



josh stepp, application engineer at weinig holz-her usa will be speaking during the rapid fire event at awfs 2019. speaking on industry 4.0 techniques...

        more
    











current fairs







        
                26.05. - 30.05.2025
            


	


				ligna 2025
		



hanover, germany

hall 27

        more
    









facebook{$socialnav.titles.linkedin}

















weinig offers more - for width/length cutting, scanner technology, optimization or glue pressing. let's take efficiency for example.













we have the following cutting/gluing solutions:solutions for profitable cutting: rip sawsfeed speed of up to 150 m/min: band resawseverything at a glance: scanner systemsfast and safe fixed-length cutting: undertable cross-cut sawsthe manufacturing procedure of the future: gluing pressescutting/gluing with weinig -find out more now


















planing and profiling with weinig gives you four sides as smooth as glass and every possible profile - in a single pass.













straightening of the bottom side and of the right side, planing to width and thickness and profiling too - one machine that can do it all and in a single operation. with solutions for all types of production and all operating sizes, from a small entry-level model to maximum capacity, high performance systems.

planing and profiling with weinig – find out more now


















windows, doors, facades, conservatories, furniture and much more – weinig cnc machining center has the right solution for every requirement.













for both trade and industry – our huge portfolio of machining sets, mechanization versions and software solutions will meet every requirement. all machines can also be individually fitted to suit your application and service requirements. this includes the development of turnkey solutions.

window / cnc technology with weinig - find out more now


















holzher - woodworking machines for panel processing; edgebander, cnc router and machining center, beam saw, vertical panel saw













go to holz-her usa
















© michael weinig inc. | 124 crosslake park drive | 28117 mooresville | us | telephone: 704 799 0100





homeloginimprintdata protectiongtcsite mapremote support download





























