






chicago area families for adoption










































 



skip to content




chicago area families for adoption








home
about us
events


calendar


faq
resources
contact us











camp pride korea 2023
 

kaleidoscope culture camp
 

walk for adoption - september 30, 2023
 













“adopting one child won’t change the world – but for that child the world will change “
by unknown

due to unforeseen circumstances, the 2023 caffa parenting conference has been cancelled/postponed.  we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.  we are hoping to reschedule this event in the near future.





kaleidoscope culture camp is a weeklong (primarily indoor) day camp designed for adoptive & foster families to celebrate our children’s cultures, embrace their identities, make new friends, and have fun!
kaleidoscope culture camp



camp pride korea is a camp for adoptees from korea
camp pride korea 



walk for adoption

every year, caffa coordinates the walk for adoption where adoptive families come together for a beautiful outdoor walk, food, games, and music.




adoption conference
every two years, caffa sponsors an adoption conference that brings in numerous speakers for multiple sessions to speak about a wide range of topics relating to adoption such as the adoption process, raising adoptive children, and preparing them for the world. 






next steps…


 please support caffa’s ability to serve our members by using our amazon smiles charitable donation link. 0.5% of your amazon purchases will automatically support caffa! 


support caffa by usingamazon smiles











pages

about us
calendar
conference
contact us
events
frequently asked questions (faq)
home
resources

submit a resource


submit event
thank you for submitting your event
slide anything popup preview







sign up to join our email list.
email (required) *first name last name constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact









	copyright © 2025  — ascension wordpress theme by godaddy








































