








alexandria louisiana and cenla information, 2025 travel, hotels, attractions, maps, transportation, aex airport, education, healthcare, weather, photographs, history



































 alexandria







about

about alexandria
about pineville
about rapides parish
about cenla
alexandria history
railroads
england afb
alexandria retrospective



attractions

things to do in alexandria
pineville attractions
cenla attractions
museums
mardi gras



recreation

outdoor recreation
buhlow lake
fort buhlow recreational area
ohv and atv trails


hotels
maps
aexairport

guides

weather
aex airport
restaurants
mardi gras
jobs and economy
education
healthcare
maps
wwii camps
england afb


sitemap




























welcome to alexandria!
          





alexandria is located in the heart of central louisiana (cenla) and is a vibrant commercial, retail, educational and healthcare center. it is the parish seat of rapides parish.
the city offers a variety of arts and cultural events and venues, such as the alexandria museum of art, the louisiana history museum, and the coughlin-saunders performing arts center. 
residents and tourists alike enjoy area lakes, outdoor recreation, golf, an acclaimed zoo, and historic sites. air tranportation into and out of the area is provided by  alexandria international airport (aex) located just northwest of the city. 
the city also enjoys annual events such as the louisiana dragon boat races, holiday trail of lights, the louisiana elvis festival and the alex river fete. popular every year are the mardi gras festivities and parades sponsored by the  alexandria mardi gras association.                    




find the best deal, compare prices, and read  traveler reviews of  hotels in alexandria




winterfete is held in december  in downtown alexandria. an assortment of events are typically scheduled, including the alexandria christmas parade, ice skating, santa's village, fireworks, food vendors, gumbo cook-off, live music and much more.
alexandria, as  a popular convention destination,  has an active  lodging industry providing hotel accommodations for many out-of-town visitors. the alexandria randolph riverfront center in downtown alexandria on the red river offers all the amenities of big city convention centers combined with the convenience of being centrally located within louisiana. 
the population of the city of alexandria in 2023 was about 43,000, with neighboring pineville across the red river having  over 14,000 residents. other area communities include tioga, ball,  libuse, paradise, holloway, buckeye, deville, pollock, bentley, fishville, kolin, and  others. 
this website covers a multitude of facets about alexandria, including things to do, tourism, hotels & lodging, arts & culture, government, transportation, jobs, education, outdoor recreation and more. 









trending today @ alexandria



alexandria hotels,  suites and b&bs: read reviews, compare prices, make reservations




alexandria international airport (aex): location, airlines, map




alexandria mardi gras 2025 ... krewes and parades!



attractions and things to do in the
                          alexandria-pineville area



alexandria weather: radar, current conditions, forecast, tropical storms



  central louisiana: cenla location, map, geography, industry



  rapides parish government, towns, maps, history, resources



pineville louisiana: tourism, things to do, maps, history, links & more



alexandria area schools, colleges, universities and educational facilities



outdoor recreation in the alexandria-pineville area 



alexandria area healthcare facilities



the alexandria retrospective:
                          a journey back to simpler times




camp livingston history, local impact, photographs, artifacts, vintage scenes, the camp today




alexandria streetcars & electric trolleys



alexandria railroads: kcs, missouri pacific, texas & pacific, l&a railroad, rock island



a history of alexandria louisiana:
                          the first 200 years



alexandria and central louisiana museums, locations, contact information


 


local alexandria news sources
alexandria daily town talk 
kalb tv 
city
                            of alexandria 
city
                              of pineville 
rapides parish police jury 
alexandria
                              international airport (aex) 


















site map | privacy policy | terms of use | contact us
copyright â© 2025 • alexandria-louisiana.com •   all rights reserved
              this website is operated by a private entity with no connection to the city of alexandria, rapides parish, the aex airport or other governmental entity



















