














chantilly youth association, inc | home






































we are cya

















cya sports










cya sports







chantilly youth association (cya) has operated continuously from its inception as battlefield little league in 1971.  in november 2003, we legally changed our name to the chantilly youth association, inc. as the community grew and new needs were identified, additional sports programs have been added. presently, cya administers 12 different sports programs with a volunteer sport coordinator leading each program.  cya continues to be run predominantly by volunteers and currently boasts over 12,000 annual participants across all sport programs.  



    baseball
    
  



    basketball
    
  



    cheerleading
    
  



    field hockey
    
  



    football
    
  



    lacrosse
    
  



    soccer
    
  



    soccer travel - virginia valor fc
    
  



    softball
    
  



    tennis
    
  



    track & field
    
  



    volleyball
    
  



    wrestling
    
  



    subscribe to the buzz!
    
  












cya registration










cya registration







if you haven't established a "household" in our registration system yet, you need to do that in order to do the following:  register for a cya sport, volunteer, or to make a donation.  you will be walked through that process when you click on a link below.   if you have already established your "household", simply sign in!
you can find answers to all of your sport specific questions by clicking the sport pages.  cya offers 13 different sports for kids throughout the year.  if you are having trouble finding answers to your questions, please contact the appropriate sport coordinator from the listing under "cya contacts".
please be aware that our sports do not deconflict outside their own sport. if your player is registered for more than one cya sport in a season, it is the household's responsibility to make sure the player attends practice and games for both sports.
refer any additional registration questions to sports@chantillyyouth.org.  thank you!



    register for a cya sport
    
  



    volunteer
    
  



    make a donation
    
  



    subscribe to the buzz!
    
  












let's go!
adult leagues, field/court rentals,  memberships, group fitness, strength training
free 1 week pass


















sponsorship playbook










cya playbook







at cya and the fieldhouse, we believe that participation in youth athletics, health and fitness, and community involvement helps build strong kids, strong families and strong communities. the fieldhouse is owned and operated by cya and run by professional staff members who have the experience and insight to ensure that cya and the fieldhouse provide the best in sports, fitness, fun and community programs in a safe and welcoming environment. cya offers youth athletes the opportunity to play to their highest skill level in 12 sports.



    learn more
    
  












united for cya







"united for cya!" is the charitable outreach arm for chantilly youth association, inc.  we have worked hard over the past several years to develop a program that offers our membership the opportunity to provide aid/assistance to individuals and communities in need.  this assistance can be in the form of sports equipment, uniforms, training & support, education, charitable donations, etc... thank you cya for your continued generosity and kindness.  together, we are changing young lives!



    learn more
    
  











instagram feed





facebook feed















sponsors









ortho virginia







no title







the fieldhouse







brand planet

















contact us



contact







cya office
14810 murdock street
chantilly, va 20151
703.376.8337
sports@chantillyyouth.org
cya fieldhouse
14810 murdock street
chantilly, va 20151
571.529.6545
fieldhouse@chantillyyouth.org





quick links






















©  chantilly youth association. all rights reserved.
©  demosphere international, inc. all rights reserved.













