


boiling point blog: feminist, lgbt and progressive political cartoons

























home
 |

 cartoon archive 1 
 |

 cartoon archive 2 
 |


 email
 | store
 | bio







tuesday, november 15, 2016



	 
	 apocalypse survival rule #27: never listen to this guy. (yes, an actual cartoon)
	 
    


labels: cartoons, trump


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     12:39 am 
1 comments






thursday, december 04, 2014



	 
	 when will it stop?
	 
    


eric garner. michael brown, akai gurley. when. will. it. stop?

i drew these cartoons a long time ago, but seems like the story is always the same.


and the same.

labels: police, race and racism


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     12:17 pm 
0 comments






sunday, march 02, 2014



	 
	 my new blog about food allergies (and a new illustration): safe & scrumptious from scratch!
	 
    



for over a year, i've been burning to write and do more about my daughter's food allergies. my little girl is the center of my world, and i cannot count the number of hours i spend dealing with and thinking about food allergies. i did consider just including more cooking posts over at my sewing and knitting blog polka dot overload... but food-allergy cooking is so specific, i felt like most of my readers would rather hear about yarn and fabric. and this blog was out, as it really has nothing to do with political cartooning.

so i finally found a little time to muck around in wordpress and set up a dedicated home for all those ideas, recipes and thoughts... safe & scrumptious: allergy-free life on a budget (no dairy, eggs, nuts, sesame or mustard). it's not much yet—just an about page and some simple recipes for sesame-free faux-hini sauce and allergen-free hot cocoa, but i have oodles of post and recipes in the queue.

i'd love if some of you readers dropped by to take a look ... and please do tell any friends you might have who deal with similar allergies or dietary restrictions. my recipes are all free of dairy, eggs, tree nuts, sesame and mustard. most are also free of peanuts, fish, and shellfish. some are free of soy. many foods featured will be plant-based or vegan and lowfat. but please note that i do bake and cook a lot with wheat and gluten-containing products, so my new blog might not be of much interest to those with celiac or gluten intolerance.

things may stay a little quiet around here for a bit, but i'm not abandoning ship. do come by and say hello at my new home!

labels: food, foodallergies, parenting


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     2:11 am 
0 comments






friday, september 13, 2013



	 
	 my new (children's) book: susan's mess
	 
    




just in time for spx 2013 small press expo in bethesda this weekend sept. 14/15 (and by just in time, i mean the minicomic version of this book is printing at staples as i type this) i finished my first (full-color) children's book, susan's mess. 

it's the story of susan, who was the neatest girl in the world, and had never, ever in her life made a mess — even as a baby. until one day... a mess made itself.

i should note — since this is my political cartooning blog — that there isn't any overtly political content in this book, but i wanted to share it for those of you who might be interested. it's about a spunky little girl who is a bit too fond of cleaning her room and alphabetizing her books. (like my daughter, she does happen to be from a biracial family —  it's amazing how few kids in children's books are.)

once spx is over, i'll see how many are left for sale, and will also be putting it up as an e-book and print-on-demand book.

labels: books, events, kids


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     2:24 am 
0 comments






thursday, august 29, 2013



	 
	 event: see me at spx in bethesda, md (sept. 14/15)
	 
    



masheka and i (and the little one) are going to be tabling at the 2013 small press expo in bethesda, maryland on september 14 and 15. i'll probably be doing a lot of toddler chasing, but i may also have some new things to sell. you'll have to come by and say hello to find out!labels: events, spx


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     11:55 pm 
0 comments






thursday, june 13, 2013



	 
	 follow the boiling point on bloglovin'! (before google reader goes dark)
	 
    



i know this blog is a bit quiet these days (though i'm very busy sewing and knitting over at polka dot overload), but i still have the occasional cartoon for you. google reader goes dark on july 1, so follow the boiling point blog with bloglovin' if you want to stay in the loop on new posts. 

i know bloglovin' has some bugs and is missing a few features—the ability to save posts to read later, for example--but i prefer it to the other options for one huge reason: it lets you read actual blog pages in their own design, the way they're meant to look... and it gives bloggers pageviews.

why do pageviews matter? many bloggers rely on people actually viewing their sites (instead of just the text and photos from a single post) to earn money from ads, sponsors, etsy shops and links. when you read a post through something like google reader, that didn't count as a pageview. so every time you view an actual blog, or read it through bloglovin', you are helping to support your favorite bloggers!

i don't make much money from ads on my two blogs but i have noticed since folks started switching over to bloglovin' my pageviews have doubled (30,000/month average now). and instead of $10/month from google adsense, i'm seeing $30 or more. (that may not sound like much, but i live on a really tight budget!)

so again—please follow me on bloglovin'! 

p.p.s. if you are a blogger, even if you don't make the switch to reading blogs on bloglovin', you should still claim your blog over there to have more control when people subscribe to you that way!labels: meta


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     11:12 am 
0 comments






thursday, march 28, 2013



	 
	 cartoon: what causes rape?
	 
    


masheka and i have a new steubenville-inspired cartoon for women's enews about what doesn't (and what does) cause rape. click through thumbnail for the full cartoon:


and a tip of the pen to the always amazing jaclyn friedman (co-author of yes means yes: visions of female sexual power and a world without rape) for giving my sketch a quick peek to make sure it was on-point!
labels: cartoons, feminism, rape, steubenville, women


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     9:00 am 
5 comments






friday, march 22, 2013



	 
	 wartime abc's + the harsh realities of war
	 
    


i drew this poster-sized cartoon a little over 10 years ago for the just-now-closed boston phoenix (click to enlarge)... 


and this one the actual eve of the war (again, give it a click):



a very unhappy anniversary indeed.labels: anti-war, cartoons, iraq, war


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     6:22 am 
0 comments






friday, february 22, 2013



	 
	 cartoon: "maternity leaveless"
	 
    


so after a gazillion-year hiatus, i'm back (a bit) in political cartooning land. i've been collaborating with the husband (aka masheka wood) on a new series of cartoons for women's enews. here's the latest, "maternity leaveless" (click through thumbnail to see the full-size piece):


seriously, 30% of women in the u.s. take no maternity leave, and 40% take six weeks or less. it's not hard to guess why—we have the not-so-distinct distinction of being the only "economically advanced" country to offer no paid maternity leave whatsoever. (see think progress for a colorful and depressing infographic on this). 

you might notice the women in this cartoon is breastfeeding—at least for now. it can be hard enough to get a good start feeding your kid when you have only 6-12 weeks at home to get things going, but with no maternity leave, that would mean an immediate need to also wrestle with a breast pump, try to get pumping breaks, maintain supply, etc... studies show that the longer breastfeeding moms get for leave, the longer they are able to successfully breastfeed and meet their breastfeeding goals.

i got 12 weeks leave myself, half of them paid.  i had no trouble getting pumping breaks or a place to pump at work. by u.s. standards, i'm one of the lucky ones—but by global standards, that's not super impressive.


labels: breastfeeding, cartoons, family, health, healthcare, maternity leave, women


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     8:45 am 
0 comments






thursday, august 16, 2012



	 
	 not politics: sewing-related illustrations
	 
    


hey folks! while i've been super quiet over here on the boiling point, i've been continuing to blog about sewing and crafts at polka dot overload... and to do a bunch of illustrations, too.

here's a cover illustration i did for a digital sewing pattern download for cake patterns by the consulting dressmaker: (full details here)


and here's my "sewing through the decades" illustration (details here) for we sew retro's blog...


it's also the timeline cover photo for the we sew retro facebook page. here's a screenshot of the art in action:


and i've got some other political cartooning projects in the works. more soon! i'm not dead! etc.labels: cartoons, crafts, illustration


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     9:00 am 
0 comments






wednesday, august 15, 2012



	 
	 polka dot pinup art in the new bob the angry flower book!
	 
    



stephen notley's latest collection of geeky bob the angry flower genius, how to operate a chair is on sale now... and it features a fantastic assortment of bob pinup art by cartoonists like jen sorensen, matt bors, keith knight, masheka wood and yours truly. check it out! 

labels: books, cartoonists, cwa, illustration


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     6:30 pm 
0 comments






thursday, january 05, 2012



	 
	 my essay on "the way the future of political cartooning wasn't" (herblock foundation report)
	 
    




the herblock foundation has a brand spanking new whitepaper out on the state of political cartooning called "the golden age for editorial cartoonists at the nation’s newspapers is over." too true. 
the whitepaper (which you can download as a pdf here) contains a glum survey and a depressing collection of essays by a wide range of cartoonists, including clay bennett, ted rall, jen sorensen--and yours truly.
here's a quote from my essay, which is untitled in the collection, but which i like to call "the way the future of political cartooning wasn't." 

the future of political cartooning i imagined in 2001 was already a far cry from the future of political cartooning in 1981. my fellow 20-something alternative cartoonist friends and i didn’t even vaguely aspire to comfortable drafting-desk staff positions at daily newspapers with reasonable salaries and health benefits. the pulitzer prize application just seemed like a waste of money.
our model was self-syndication in the alternative weeklies. we looked to ted rall, keith knight, alison bechdel. we’d pay our inky dues, toiling in the bristol board — or wacom tablet — trenches. we’d work day jobs. by night we’d comb through news sources and write and draw and write. sleep was for suckers.
we’d market ourselves with clever self-promotional packets mailed regularly to hundreds of alternative and niche publications. we’d blog and send e-mail newsletters, and we’d draw attention to our cartooning book collections at comic conventions with big vinyl banners and brightly colored tablecloths. we’d sell t-shirts and stickers to our legions of super-dedicated online fans.
our aspirations were modest. maybe one day we’d quit our day jobs and squeeze by on a low five-figure income. or if we were already squeezing by fulltime, maybe one day we’d be able to afford — gasp! — basic health insurance.that's one of the least sad bits. download the whitepaper pdf to read the whole thing.
yeah, um... happy new year. and stuff.

p.s. if you want a more thorough sum-up of my 2011, it's over here at my sewing blog polka dot overload, but i do warn you that it is mostly about babies and sewing and not political cartoons or politics (except for a mention of me getting laid off from the cartoon syndicate united media when they outsourced all our jobs to universal press syndicate).labels: cartoonists, cwa, meta


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     7:00 am 
0 comments






tuesday, september 27, 2011



	 
	 "should i work for free?"
	 
    


for all the times i received emails asking me to draw cartoons for free for various forms of "exposure," i wish i had had this amazing flowchart to refer to.
labels: meta


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     11:26 pm 
0 comments






friday, september 09, 2011



	 
	 brooklyn book festival: sunday sept. 18 (free!)
	 
    





as i said previously, i can't make it to spx in bethesda, but i will be hanging out at masheka and keith knight's table at the free brooklyn book festival next sunday sept. 18:

sunday, september 18, 2011

10 am - 6 pm

brooklyn borough hall
209 joralemon street
brooklyn, new york 11201

more than 260 authors at the brooklyn book festival

larry mcmurtry, terry mcmillan, jennifer egan, eoin colfer, john sayles,

joyce carol oates, craig thompson, walter mosley, adrian tomine,

amitav ghosh, jean valentine, jules feiffer, senator joseph lieberman,

rachel hawkins, sam mcbratney, jacqueline woodson,

jhumpa lahiri, mo willems, pete hamill and many more

the brooklyn book festival is the largest free literary event in new york city presenting an array of literary stars and emerging authors who represent the exciting world of literature today. one of america’s premier book festivals, this hip, smart, diverse gathering attracts thousands of book lovers of all ages.labels: conventions, events


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     10:25 am 
0 comments









	 
	 masheka at spx this weekend in dc/md + de cunjah man preview
	 
    


so sadly, i won't be able to attend spx this year after all--the baby (well, rampaging toddler) has recently rebelled against all forms of travel longer than a short subway ride, and insists on running around in circles dancing and screaming loudly at all times... 

but masheka and some of my cartoonists with attitude friends will be there. and masheka has a sneak preview of his latest comic. here's the scoop:

first, have a sneak peek at the first panel of my adaptation of 'de cunjah man' in african-american classics: graphic classics vol. 22 on sale december 2011.

aaaaaaaand this weekend, september 10 & 11 in bethesda, md, i'll be at the 2011 small press expo peddling books with jen sorensen and hanging out with keith knight and other cartoonist pals.

unfortunately my better half, mikhaela reid, can't make it this year, so this will be my first convention without a buffer between my many neuroses and the public at large. me nervous! hope ya like sweaty handshakes and mumblecore!labels: conventions, events


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     10:05 am 
0 comments






monday, july 11, 2011



	 
	 stuffed doodles! + pix from east coast black age of comics convention...
	 
    



masheka and i recently (well, two months ago) made it out to our first post-baby cartooning convention, the east coast black age of comics con in philadelphia. i wasn't exhibiting my own cartoons, so i decided to sew up some little softies with masheka's drawings on them since i had already designed the fabric for z's blue doodle hoodie.
they're really simple--just upholstery fabric, stuffing, etc. in progress:


they sold quite well, though some folks thought they were cat toys--maybe next time (for the small press expo) we'll put catnip in them. family shots:



p.s. yeah, i know. no cartoons in a while. but i work full time, so i give all my attention to the baby girl (well, toddler now!) when i get home in the evenings. i'll get back to it when she gets a little bigger, never fear.labels: conventions


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     2:09 pm 
1 comments






sunday, february 20, 2011



	 
	 mikhaela & masheka (plus keith knight & jen sorensen) at spx 2011
	 
    



masheka and i will be tabling with our cartoonists with attitude pals keith knight (creator of "the k chronicles" and "the knight life") and jen sorensen (of "slowpoke" fame) at the always fabulous 2011 small press expo. more details to come!

what: spx 2011

where: 
bethesda north marriott hotel & conference center
5701 marinelli road
bethesda, md 20852
subway: white flint station

when: open to the public saturday and sunday, september 10 and 11, 2011.
saturday: 11:00 am – 7:00 pm
sunday: noon – 6:00 pm

bonus photo: here we are with cwaer matt bors at spx in 2006:

labels: conventions, cwa, events


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     9:15 am 
0 comments






monday, february 14, 2011



	 
	 cartoons: civilian casualties in afghanistan
	 
    


according to a report by afghanistan rights monitor, afghan civilian casualties hit an all-time high in 2010. foreign troops were responsible for a smaller portion of the deaths than previously, which is small comfort to those killed. from the archives, two pieces on this topic from 2009 and 2007, respectively:


labels: afghanistan, civilian casualties, classics, war


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     9:00 am 
0 comments






monday, february 07, 2011



	 
	 what masheka did
	 
    


all may be quiet on the mikhaela cartooning front right now, but after a hiatus of his own, masheka (aka baby z's "da-da") has been busy. in between making silly faces at z, he's been redesigning his cartooning blog what masheka did, and posting regularly, starting with a series of odd doodles called cartoon rolodex:


he was also recently(ish) featured in the gorgeous art book anthology black comix: african american independent comics, art and culture. that's his art in the bottom left corner:


see the black comix blog for more info.

and he has another project coming up, which i'll post about when i have more details.labels: cwa, masheka


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     9:00 am 
0 comments






monday, january 10, 2011



	 
	 cartoon: letter of the law
	 
    



since i'm not drawing weekly cartoons anymore, i thought i'd occasionally post some boiling point classics. kicking it off with a 2003 cartoon above on don't ask, don't tell that is, happily, no longer relevant. the men's names have no significance, but willow was my beloved (now deceased) toothless cat. (for more current cartoons on the topic, see the work of my pal matt bors). 

as for new material, i'll have links to the spanish-language cartoons on lgbt issues and immigrant rights i did for lambda legal's "fair courts matter!" campaign as soon as they're available. (you can download the original english-language guide here, but the spanish version has additional all-new cartoons).labels: classics, lgbt, toons


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     6:02 pm 
0 comments






wednesday, september 29, 2010



	 
	 back in the political cartooning game! (sort of)
	 
    


hey readers, it's been a while, but ... i'm actually drawing cartoons again! keep your eyes peeled for a few new pieces for lambda legal's life without fair courts project. they'll be on immigrant rights, and available in both english and spanish. 

and i still haven't been able to fix my old blog feed. some day i'll have time to do that...

p.s. here's a random bonus photo of cartoonist baby, aka baby z... in a hoodie i sewed for her adorned with masheka's doodles:


note her natural faux-hawk (or fro-hawk, really)--she's totally punk rock.labels: immigration, lgbt


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     3:17 pm 
4 comments






monday, june 28, 2010



	 
	 cartoonist baby (aka baby z) is here!
	 
    



cartoonist baby sleeps through her family portrait
as you may have guessed from my long past due date, cartoonist baby is finally here... and she is amazing! masheka and i are so in love with our little girl, and just in awe of her. we've been home with baby z (her first initial) for a few days now, and in between nursing sessions, naps and diapering we pretty much just hold her and talk to her and stare at her in happy shock. i mean, really--look at this face!


now, when she finally decided to arrive, she certainly took her sweet baby time. i was in labor for five days before she deigned to make her appearance--i kid you not. i remember being scared by one of the videos i saw in my childbirth class about a woman who was in labor 48 hours, but our instructor assured us that was really, really rare. ha! by hour 60 i was wishing to have that woman's labor. though the sleep deprivation was certainly good preparation... 

here we are in the hospital recovery room the day after she was born:


by the way, masheka is the sweetest and most devoted dad ever, in my totally unbiased opinion. he's pretty much doing everything except for feeding her, which is of course my full-time job these days! 

staring at her daddy:


masheka and i dressing her for her trip home:


all dressed!


most of the clothes i've sewn or knit for her are still way too big, but here she is in her pink hand-dyed fool-proof baby hat:


and here's a middle-of-the-night diaper change photo of her in her green goblin diaper soaker, which is still a bit on the big side:


and here she is checking out the brooklyn view in one of the cloth diapers her grandmommy beryl made for her:


here's the full flickr gallery. 
and with that, i'm off to cuddle baby z and stare at her some more. 




posted by mikhaela reid at 
     8:14 am 
3 comments






thursday, june 10, 2010



	 
	 broken rss feed for boiling point blog?
	 
    


yes, i know, it's been a while! since i went on political cartooning hiatus there's been a giganto evil oil spill, legal racial profiling in arizona, and any other number of atrocities.

anyway, i'm still here, still angry as ever about politics, and still very pregnant (39 weeks pregnant). but blogger made me move this blog from mikhaela.net ftp publishing over to blogspot, and i worry that the rss feed broke. please comment if you're still able to get this--i'd like to revive this blog (relatively) soon!labels: meta


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     10:18 am 
10 comments






thursday, april 15, 2010



	 
	 not a bad way to go out!
	 
    


a few weeks ago i announced my painful (but freeing) decision to retire from regular freelance weekly political cartooning.

anyway, one of my few clients remaining at the end was detroit's alternative weekly, the metro times. well, i heard this morning that i came in second place for editorial cartooning in the detroit society of professional journalists' annual awards! 

last year i came in third and the judges said i was a "welcome breath of fresh air with great promise for the future." sigh... 

as you may remember, while drawing for the metro times, i did a lot of cartoons about the economy, unemployment, and the auto industry, and i got some nice emails from laid-off auto workers about cartoons like this one. here are two of the more popular ones:



not a bad way to go out, right? 

by the way, thanks to all of you who left me such nice comments and letters about my decision. please know that i am still a cartoonist, and a very politically-minded one--i'll have new projects to share with you soon! 

of course, my biggest project right now is cartoonist baby--she's due june 18!labels: auto industry, awards, detroit


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     12:27 pm 
2 comments






wednesday, march 24, 2010



	 
	 the end of "the boiling point"
	 
    


i'm afraid i have to announce--with equal parts sadness and relief--that i'm retiring from regular weekly political cartooning. "the boiling point" as it has existed for the past 8 years--1-2 cartoons per week that i've been drawing for a variety of print and web clients since 2002, is, as of this moment, on indefinite hiatus. 

i've been considering this seriously for over two years now, but i'm not ashamed to say that when i came to my final decision yesterday and notified my major remaining clients via email there was indeed some uncontrollable sobbing on my part. 

i've been drawing political cartoons since high school. i started drawing them regularly again in college with a vengeance in 2001 (which is when i started this blog) and i've been drawing them professionally for newspapers and paying web clients since 2002. over the years my cartoons have appeared in the los angeles times, the guardian, boston phoenix, bay windows, metro times, the rochester insider, women's enews, in these times, ms., the funny times, campus progress, girlfriends, the minnesota women's press, and other assorted fine publications. i've been interviewed by npr and the bbc, appeared in art exhibitions such as "she draws comics: a century of women cartoonists" and come in third place in the detroit spj journalism awards for editorial cartooning. this past fall i was elected vice-president of the association of american editorial cartoonists (a position i'll hold until this september).

so why am i quitting? it's not as if the world is running any lower on evil wars, economic injustice, environmental disaster, homophobia, transphobia, racism, misogyny... and while he's no bush, i'm certainly no big fan of obama.

the political cartooning market sucks. this is really no secret. i started out in 2002 with one paying client, the boston phoenix. over the years i picked up and dropped more, and at my peak i was appearing regularly in six or seven print papers. in the past two years, as my clients eliminated or cut their political cartoon content, that number dwindled down to two, and finally, just one (the metro times). i did have a few fabulous web clients, but my cartooning income had halved, then quartered itself.  
the relentless deadlines. there are no vacations or sick days in freelance weekly alternative political cartoons. when i had pneumonia in 2003... i had to draw or risk losing my papers. when i had severe carpal tunnel problems in 2008, my husband masheka had to illustrate my cartoons for me. i had to draw a cartoon the morning for before my wedding and while on my honeymoon. sometimes you need to take a break--but you just can't. (and yes, i know i could have drawn some extra cartoons and saved them up for a rainy day, but still!).
i'm just tired. and it's not just because i'm hugely pregnant and exhausted all the time, though that certainly doesn't help. i've tried to develop a thick skin and ignore or laugh at the nasty hate mail, the "hope u burn in hel" and "you can't draw" and "you uggly dike bitch i hop the papers cancel you're stupid cartoons" letters and comments, but after a while, it gets a girl down. i wasn't getting paid enough for that kind of abuse. 
i need to make room for other things (and a tiny new person) in my life. i have a lot of other passions and projects i've been wanting to tackle over the years, but drawing political cartoons in addition to working full time and having some vague semblance of a social life has made it difficult to pursue them fully. with the peanuts i was earning for political cartooning, i was theoretically doing it for fun--but i wasn't really having fun anymore. 
i'd like to do a graphic novel or a cartoon book on body image issues (along the lines of my "your yucky body" cartoons) someday. i love writing science fiction. i love to make things, and i've recently been having an amazing, hate-mail-free time blogging about sewing and style at polka dot overload.
not to mention that masheka and i are expecting our daughter (our first child) on june 18. i'm going to be going back to work full-time after a 12-week maternity leave, and if i'm this exhausted and finding it this hard to draw cartoons and while pregnant, i'd be foolish to imagine it would be any easier while taking care of a newborn.

despite all that, it was still a hard decision. i'll definitely miss:
having a regular public outlet to express my outrage. i'm still furious and i'm still angry and i still want to fight injustice and make change in this world. but i'll just have to do that in other ways and venues.
the fans. you are awesome. every time in the past i thought about quitting i'd get an amazing and inspiring letter or comment or meet someone at a cartooning convention who'd been reading my work since the beginning and i'd get new energy to keep drawing.
hanging with fellow political cartoonists.  i've loved being a part of the aaec and cartoonists with attitude, and i've made some of my best friends through these groups. obviously i'm still a cartoonist and they're still my friends, but i will miss some of the camaraderie in griping about what it's like to be a regular political cartoonist.

but as i said above, i won't miss the hate mail, the comment trolls, or the never-ending deadlines.  

so what's next for me? as mentioned, i have a new blog about sewing and style for those of you who care about such things, polka dot overload.  and cartoonist baby will be here in a matter of weeks. i'll be leaving this blog and my complete cartoon archives old (1998-2008) and more recent up indefinitely. 

i may post occasional political thoughts or cartoons here again, and i'll let you know about those graphic novel or book projects, but it'll probably be rather silent here for a while. for now you can always read the work of my amazing friends in cwa, folks like ted rall, brian mcfadden, matt bors, jen sorensen, stephanie mcmillan, keith knight... 

signing off for now...
your angry cartoonist


p.s. a head's up and apologies in advance to my facebook friends who are readers or
fans... i'm going to be changing most friends i don't know in real life
to limited profile status (or possibly just deleting), as i would like to make my facebook page more of a private space for real-life friends and family so i can safely share photos and thoughts about my daughter when she is born in june. i hope you understand.labels: meta


posted by mikhaela reid at 
     7:00 am 
23 comments











random cartoon


www.flickr.com





"mikhaela reid's cartoons are right *$%@ing on."
--alison bechdel
"mikhaela reid rocks!! she's where i steal most of my ideas from!!"
--keith knight



email newsletter





subscribe to my mailing list





categories

appearances
photos
lgbt
feminism
race and racism

more mikhaela






twitter feed
"boiling point" on gocomics
rss (atom) feed
lj feed of this blog
cartoonists with attitude blog and feed

alternative/web cartoonists

masheka wood
shannon wheeler
secret asian man
jen sorensen
andy singer
ben smith
david rees
ted rall
tom tomorrow
august pollak
steve notley
stephanie mcmillan
diesel sweeties
brian mcfadden
keith knight
nicholas gurewitch
matt bors
ruben bolling

lgbt cartoonists

alison bechdel
paul berge
jennifer camper
howard cruse
jennifer cruté
lydia johannsen
robert kirby
t-gina
prism comics

cartoon sites

cartoonists with attitude
editorialcartoonists.com
the funny times
the ormes society
friends of lulu

news + commentary

bitch
in these times
in the fray
alternet
the nation

blogs

alas, a blog
angry brown butch
digital femme
eschaton
feministe
feministing
pam's house blend
pandagon
racialicious
shakespeare's sister
think progress
wimn's voices

other web friends

cole smithey's movie week

previous posts

apocalypse survival rule #27: never listen to this...
when will it stop?
my new blog about food allergies (and a new illust...
my new (children's) book: susan's mess
event: see me at spx in bethesda, md (sept. 14/15)
follow the boiling point on bloglovin'! (before go...
cartoon: what causes rape?
wartime abc's + the harsh realities of war
cartoon: "maternity leaveless"
not politics: sewing-related illustrations

archives


 - click for blog archives - 




january 2001
april 2002
may 2002
june 2002
july 2002
august 2002
september 2002
october 2002
november 2002
december 2002
january 2003
february 2003
march 2003
april 2003
may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
june 2010
september 2010
january 2011
february 2011
july 2011
september 2011
january 2012
august 2012
february 2013
march 2013
june 2013
august 2013
september 2013
march 2014
december 2014
november 2016










enter your search terms








web


mikhaela.net


submit search form












subscribe toposts [atom]

 








