



















public health | jefferson county, wa








 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    how do i?      community health      environmental public health      human services      data and assessment      about us  


 

 

 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 
 





 
















jefferson county public health
anemone







jefferson county public health
forest scene







jefferson county public health
quilcene




















						1
						""




						2
						""




						3
						""








  
 
 



























 














boards & committees








clinic health services










 
 














customer service portal








public forms










 
 














health advisories








lake status










 
 
 



 














birth and death certificatesview current information








climate and healthview current information








developmental disabilitiesview current information








food safetyview current information








for health care providersview current information








septic systemsview current information










 
 
 



 














public health newskeep informed with the latest news and highlights
 






  
 














free firearm safety community education event 


on saturday, february 8th from 10:00 am-1:00 pm, jefferson county public health (jcph) is hosting a safe firearm storage event and giveaway, in partnership with seattle children’s hospital and community health plan of washington.						read on...







conservation futures fund grants available  for open space projects in jefferson county 


jefferson county welcomes applications to protect important lands through the county’s conservation futures fund program.						read on...







jefferson county public health receives  2024 usda wic breastfeeding award of excellence gold award 


jefferson county public health (jcph) is proud to announce that we have been honored with the prestigious 2024 usda wic breastfeeding award of excellence gold award.						read on...







discovery bay partial shellfish opening 


recent shellfish samples taken from discovery bay indicate that the level of biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning has dropped below the closure limit for some shellfish species...						read on...







free septic system classes offered 


taking care of your septic system can save you money by extending the life of your septic system and prevent costly repairs. it is also an important part of protecting public health and our valuable water resources.						read on...







shellfish partial re-opening in oak bay, mats mats bay and port ludlow 


recreational shellfish beaches in oak bay, port ludlow, mats mats bay and the northern shore of the quimper peninsula have changed from being closed for all species of shellfish, to being closed for butter and varnish clams only.						read on...







shellfish partial re-opening 


jefferson county, wa. recreational shellfish beaches in port townsend bay, kilisut harbor, mystery bay & the eastern shore of marrowstone island have changed from being closed for all species of shellfish, to being closed for butter & varnish clams only.						read on...







port townsend bay closed for shellfish; quilcene and dabob bay opening 


jefferson county, wa. shellfish samples from port townsend bay tested by the washington department of health (doh) were found to have high levels of the biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						read on...







quilcene and dabob bay closed for shellfishing 


shellfish samples taken recently from quilcene bay and dabob bay tested by the washington department of health (doh) were found to have high levels of the biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						read on...







discovery bay closed for shellfishing 


jefferson county, wa. shellfish samples from discovery bay tested by the washington department of health (doh) today were found to have high levels of the biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						read on...







port ludlow and mats mats bay closed for shellfishing 


recent shellfish samples tested by the washington department of health have found high levels of the biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp). therefore, doh has closed port ludlow and mats mats bay for the recreational shellfish harvest.						read on...







oak bay shellfish opening 


recent shellfish samples taken from oak bay indicate that the level of biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning has dropped below the closure limit for all species of clams, oysters and mussels.						read on...







east beach warning removed 


nordland — fecal bacteria levels in the marine water at east beach county park in nordland have returned to normal and jefferson county public health has removed the health warning.						read on...







swimming beach warning, east beach 


high levels of fecal bacteria in the water off east beach at 330 east beach road in nordland have prompted jefferson county public health to issue a health advisory and post a warning sign at the beach.						read on...







emergency shellfish closure: mystery bay 


recent shellfish samples from jefferson county were found to have high levels of the biotoxin that causes diuretic shellfish poison (dsp).						read on...







anderson lake closed due to toxin 


elevated levels of potent nerve toxin anatoxin-a were detected in a sample taken from anderson lake on monday, april 22nd. test results received from labs on monday, april 29 show toxin levels 90 times higher than washington state recreational criteria.						read on...







jefferson county public health recognizes local public health heroes 


jefferson county public health (jcph) is celebrating national public health week april 1-7, 2024. “protecting, connecting and thriving: we are all public health” is the national public health week theme this year.						read on...







jefferson county public health hosts extreme heat and wildfire smoke safety community training 


chimacum, wa. jefferson county public health is pleased to announce an upcoming community training event focused on extreme heat and wildfire smoke safety. the training will take place on april 10th from 5:30 to 7:00 pm at the finnriver cider garden.						read on...







chimacum free firearm safety community education event & giveaway 


on saturday, april 6 from 10:00 am-2:00 pm, jefferson county public health (jcph) is hosting a safe firearm storage event and giveaway, in partnership with seattle children’s hospital, community health plan of washington and jefferson healthcare.						read on...







jefferson county public health is celebrating 2024 national public health week beginning april 1st 


jefferson county public health (jcph) is celebrating national public health week april 1-7, 2024. this year, the national public health week theme is “protecting, connecting and thriving: we are all public health."						read on...







conservation futures fund: grants available for open space projects in jefferson county 


the jefferson county board of county commissioners invites applications for projects to enhance the county’s open spaces.						read on...







discovery bay partial shellfish opening 


recent shellfish samples taken from discovery bay indicate that the level of biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning has dropped below the closure limit for some shellfish species such as littleneck clams, manila clams, mussels, and oysters.						read on...







recreational shellfish harvesting opening 


washington department of health has opened fort flagler, kilisut harbor, and mystery bay for recreational shellfish harvesting of all shellfish species.						read on...







homeowner septic system classes offered in january 


jefferson county public health is offering free combined septics 101 & 201 classes to homeowners about septic system operation, maintenance, and inspection. classes are free, but registration is required.						read on...







jefferson county: partial recreational shellfish harvesting opening 


several jefferson county recreational shellfish beaches are re-opening for most species of shellfish.						read on...







shellfish closures expand 


the washington state department of health has closed protection island, admiralty inlet, oak bay, and kilisut harbor including mystery bay and fort flagler state park for recreational harvesting of all shellfish species.						read on...







cooling centers in jefferson county now open 


find air-conditioned shelter during this period of extreme heat.						read on...







mobile app for jefferson county public health 


jefferson county public health has a mobile app. follow these steps to stay better connected with need-to-know information.						read on...







crocheted/knitted breast models needed for public health 


volunteers are needed to crochet or knit models of breasts for jefferson county public health.						read on...







discovery bay all shellfish species closure 


recent clam samples from discovery bay were found to have high levels of the biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						read on...







jefferson county board of health vacancy 


port townsend, wa: in may 2023, a position opened up and jefferson county board of health is seeking applications for the “consumers of public health” position.						read on...







request for proposals: north pacific coast marine resources committee 


request for proposals promoting marine stewardship, restoration, and citizen engagement in the northern olympic peninsula's pacific coast region.						read on...







septic system classes offered 


taking care of your septic system is an important part of protecting public health as well as our beautiful and valuable water resources. it can also save you money by extending the life of your septic system and prevent costly repairs.						read on...






jcph has launched a new site for healthcare providers 


check out our new provider resources site! it’s a one-stop shop for all of the expert information healthcare providers need: jeffcopublichealth.providerresourceswa.org.						read on...







second bivalent booster recommended for 65+ and immunocompromised 


a second bivalent booster dose of covid-19 vaccine is now recommended for people 65 and older and for those who are immunosuppressed.						read on...







anderson lake closed due to toxin 


elevated levels of the potent nerve toxin anatoxin-a were detected in a water sample taken from anderson lake...washington state parks has posted “danger – keep out of lake” signs at access points to the park alerting visitors of the potential hazards.						read on...







discovery bay shellfish biotoxin warning removed 


recent clam samples from discovery bay showed declining levels for the biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp), and washington department of health has opened discovery bay for recreational harvesting of all shellfish species.						read on...







jefferson county public health hero award winners 


port townsend, wa. public health hero awards are given out every year to recognize those who make a difference in the health and well-being of our community.						read on...







wildfire smoke community training on may 16 


jefferson county public health will be hosting a wildfire smoke safety training on tuesday, may 16th from 10 am to 12 pm at the cotton building, 607 water street in downtown port townsend.						read on...







2023 county health rankings 


jefferson county public health (jcph) is excited to announce that our county has been ranked 12th out of 39 counties in washington state for 2023 by county health rankings & roadmaps (chr&r).						read on...







covid-19 emergency reporting replaced with long-term recommendations 


jefferson county public health’s covid-19 weekly reports and the transmission risk dial are being replaced with state data and perennial safety recommendations beginning april 3, 2023.			






discovery bay all species closure 


recent clam samples from discovery bay tested positive for the biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp), and washington department of health has closed discovery bay for recreational harvesting of all shellfish species.						read on...







cdbg jefferson county septic cost share grant 


jefferson county public health announces the availability of grants to assist property owners with septic repairs and installations.						read on...






discovery bay shellfish closure 


port townsend, wa - recent shellfish samples taken from discovery bay were found to contain elevated levels of the marine biotoxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						learn more






chimacum clinic open april 17 for first dose vaccination 


chimacum—jefferson county public health together with the department of emergency management will again operate an appointment-only vaccination clinic on saturday, april 17 from 1-4pm.						read more







wa healthplanfinder's open enrollment 


jefferson county public health reminds everyone open enrollment through wahealthplanfinder begins november 1, 2017 and extends through january 15, 2018.						read on...







oak bay closed due to marine biotoxins; other areas open 


port townsend – shellfish from oak bay have been found to have high levels of the toxin that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp), and the area has been closed by the washington state department of health.						read on...







dept. of health urges recreational shellfish harvesters to follow ‘three cs’ 


port townsend - washington state department of health is urging recreational shellfish harvesters to take extra precautions and check, chill, and cook – the three cs – over the labor day weekend and into september.						read on...







lethal levels of shellfish biotoxin found at fort flagler; port townsend bay closes 


port townsend – marine biotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp) have recently been detected at lethal concentrations in shellfish samples collected from fort flagler state park.						read on...







26 local eateries receive the 2016 award for safe food handling 


jefferson county board of health recognized 26 restaurants, full-service food establishments, and their proprietors for demonstrating the highest standards of safe food handling during the past year.						read on...







port ludlow including mats mats bay closed due to marine biotoxins 


shellfish samples from port ludlow have been found to contain elevated levels of marine biotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						read on...







admiralty inlet south to kinney point on marrowstone island closed due to marine biotoxins 


port townsend – due to elevated levels of marine biotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp),  admiralty inlet, including areas south to kinney point on marrowstone island, have been closed for recreational shellfish harvest						read on...







hot weather safety for the summer months 


port townsend – a reminder we still have quite a bit of summer left, and the warmer weather gives us an opportunity to brush up on our hot weather safety practices.						read on...







port townsend bay, kilisut harbor and mystery bay shellfish closed due to marine biotoxins 


port townsend – shellfish samples from port townsend bay and kilisut harbor have been found to contain elevated levels of marine biotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						read on...







sports physicals available for student athletes 


the jefferson county school based health centers (sbhc) is offering sports physicals.						read on...







discovery bay and the strait of juan de fuca closed due to marine biotoxins 


port townsend – shellfish samples from discovery bay have been found to contain elevated levels of marine biotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning (psp).						read on...







gibbs lake closed due to toxin 


port townsend – high levels of the toxin microcystin were detected in a water sample taken from gibbs lake on monday, august 14. the lake is  closed for fishing, boating, and swimming. visitors are also urged to keep pets out of the water.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














public health calendara transparent look to upcoming activities & public meetings
 






  
 
 










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb. 17  

canceled - jefferson county board of county commissioners meeting 



tue, feb. 18  

jefferson county board of equalization hearings



tue, feb. 18  

jefferson county board of county commissioners meeting 







thu, feb. 20  

jefferson county board of health monthly meeting



thu, feb. 20  

 intergovernmental collaborative group - jc bocc, pt city council, port of pt & jcpud



mon, feb. 24  

jefferson county board of county commissioners meeting 






view full calendar




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







jefferson county public health


main clinic hours: mon – fri, 9 am – 4:30 pm


615 sheridan street


port townsend, wa 98368


contact us
 






  
 



  
 







social media







facebook








instagram










 
 



  
 







quick links







board of health



employment



for health care providers



immunizations



report a hipaa violation?



wic









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














home







site map







accessibility







privacy







copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









