
































    
    custom kitchens, custom furniture, and furniture restoration
  
  













              

 galloway fine furniture
     home



  about glen



  services


   custom kitchen cabinetry



  custom furniture and cabinetry



  furniture restoration



  design-build process





  portfolio


   custom kitchen cabinetry



  custom furniture and cabinetry



  furniture restoration





  blog



  contact












    
 





       designing your dreams custom kitchen cabinetry. restoration. custom furniture.   

free consultation


 




   i bring your inspired vision to life where the intersection of artistic expression and ancient trade meet. your delight in my work is paramount, and you will be fully informed in the process with every significant step of the way.  


    

  custom kitchens
custom cabinetry allows you to design the kitchen of your dreams. there is no limit to design, style, function, or material.   

learn more




  

  custom furniture & cabinetry
each of our pieces are unique, signed and dated, and will become an heirloom-quality addition to your home.    

learn more




  

  restoration
it is often said that a restorer needs to be more gifted or a better craftsman than the original maker. to return the piece to its former beauty.   

learn more




  

  the process
this is the process of bringing your dreams and ideas to life in a finished piece that will endure in both beauty and functionality.    

learn more










     


our dream kitchen included tall counters (we are tall people), locally sourced wood and a true shaker esthetic. glen’s meticulous craftsmanship delivered a gorgeous kitchen that we enjoy every day. glen was very easy to work with. he communicated promptly, double checked on measurements and finishes and he made an extra effort to find exactly the right cupboard knobs. glen also crafted a handsome bathroom vanity with a matching mirror for us. we recommend galloway fine furniture wholeheartedly.karen lowry reed


   as seen in cape cod & islands home side table made in cerajeira crotch veneer with quilted pomele sapele crossbanding and ebonyl boxwood line. lacquer finish and wax coating. dovetail drawers. 



     


finding glen and all he could do for our project was a life-saver! he has performed multiple projects for us and we are completely happy with the results. glen is easy to work with, listened carefully to our needs, kept us in the loop the whole way, and delivered beyond our expectations.karin egan






       

galloway fine furniturecustom kitchens, custom furniture & cabinetry & furniture restoration     






website by lulu web design, vermont  
 ©
copyright 

galloway fine furniture



















































































































  
  share by:








