




custom baseball hats,caps australia embroidered with your customised logo.























 







 

      

design  
my 
hat 
 worldwide                      we supply wholesale embroider and print your logo
                                                                                                                  
on custom trucker hats & caps
                  
yes we ship to most countries around the world


























design stuffu1, 179 gympie tce
		noosaville 
		qld 4566
		australiaabn 37 114 706 008
		p: +61 7 5455 6297
 email: info@designmyhat.com.au








get 
	the coolest updates








  


















 




 



 





 
 

school hat project 
 
 
premium baseball
caps


 midrange baseball
caps


 budget baseball
caps


 unstructured baseball
caps


 stretch fit baseball
caps


bucket hats



 








premium 
quality australian designed custom trucker hats &
 custom baseball hats at wholesale prices...
 

we have been supplying premium custom trucker hats and caps
 around 
the world since 1998.




these unique 
premium quality promotional 
hats and caps are made from the best resourced fabric's acrylic's and cotton 
from around the world and represent some of my best australian designed custom 
trucker hats worn today.
a little about what we 
do...at  design my hat
 australia
 
we have been supplying  
custom  
baseball caps, custom trucker hats and  caps around the world 
since 1998. we offer hats and caps at wholesale 
prices directly to  businesses,
 schools,
 
government  
departments,  
clubs  
and individuals who want to buy in small or large quantities and have 
their logo embroidered, decorated or screen-printed on them.

dollar 
for dollar, using 
headwear logo advertising in your business out performs all other 
mediums of endurance impact marketing.
headwear advertising is effective as:



personalised gift, 
reach the decision maker


outlasts all other 
advertising forms


rewards  
customer loyalty


supports your sales 
team


creates and 
compliments belonging


enhance brand 
awareness


allows you to sponsor events 
and  sports


great for  
prize competitions


increase retail 
sales



this most current selection of custom trucker hats 
and custom baseball hats and caps are the latest in fashion colours suitable to represent your club,  
business marketing promotion or just making a fashion statement.
as we are wholesalers direct, the minimum purchase quantity is 100 units or as 
stated on a particular style.. all our  custom trucker hats and custom baseball hats and caps are made 
from premium fabrics. we have the largest swatch range of cottons and acrylics 
availble in australia.


the 
custom trucker cap is made from acrylic's or 
cotton twill with a woven mesh back 
and double snap back fasteners. the trucker cap is ideal for screen-printing, 
air-brushing, stick-on logos and embroidery. i am the actual designer of these custom trucker hats.  the reason my trucker hats are so 
popular is because it took me over two years to get the fit and shape right, my trucker hats are the only one in the world designed to fit an australian head. 
every other trucker hat around is designed to fit an asian head.

the great thing about using a hat, cap, visor or bag to promote your logo is 
that it never dates and its always there and everybody wants 
one. you only have to look on the back seat of your car or on the rack in your 
hallway of your home.

you will never have slow moving stock when you invest in our 
styles of promotional hats and caps because their always in style. we do 
add wonderful seasonal fashion colours to compliment the range, but you will see 
that we always have good basic colours to promote your logo. 
the colours we have on the website are the best moving (selling) colours.






trucker caps




brilliant tip:

how to 
		wash a baseball hat.
		hats 
		clean up in dishwasher!
		put soiled baseball cap in the top rack of the dishwasher, and run the 
		machine on regular wash and heated dry. use dishwasher soap, as you do 
		for normal dishes. 
		the cap will be damp when the cycle is finished, so air-dry it. once dry 
		re-shape to fit skull.
		i have used this method on caps of every colour and fabric with great 
		success.



















if you have any questions that you'd like to ask, go to faq first 
and if you cannot find an answer contact marde wiltshire. i am the person you 
are likely to meet first. or call us on 07 5455 6297, you can email us at info@designmyhat.com.au
having spent over 40 years in the fashion clothing & hat garment manufacturing 
industry, there is a lot of experience here.
we are one of the very few professional baseball cap manufactures that can 
specifically help get you started with your designs and offer you great advice 
to get your artwork/templates ready to manufacture.
we do have templates available for most of the items on our website to help with 
your awesome item designs.
simply send us an email request for a particular template so you can get crazy 
with your artwork/designs
once you have completed your designs send them to us in ai or eps & jpeg and pdf 
formats and we can help tidy them up ready to manufacture for you.
 










all our custom baseball hats and 
caps are covered by a 90 day 
guarantee 
against faulty workmanship. 
should there be any discrepancy's in any of our manufactured items please 
contact us 
within (7) days upon receiving the items.
this guarantee is subject to understanding with working with natural 
fabrics as stated in our disclaimer.












quality fitting and back adjustment 
strapsyes, all of our 
custom baseball hats and caps have the latest best quality adjustable 
size fixing straps to suit and out last the life of the cap. the design 
of the baseball hats and caps in keeping with the latest trends all are 3, 
5 or 6 panel type with the curved or flat, short or long peak to give that cool stylish look.




 







 


 



new seasons long line beanie with woven tab 
		& pom pom
		the new seasons longline beanie as worn by some of the stars.
		we can custom make them to your species, all pms colours and many 
		different knit types. with all of our custom made beanies we actually 
		start with raw yarn and we dye and knit to your preferred colour in 
		small quantities of 100pcs/colour/design. we can weave in text to your design and offer 
		a lot of decoration ideas to your beanies.
 




								 






 



 



the flat brim caps are the 
"go to trend" with many genre types and industries including schools currently 
using this style of cap.
many school headmasters are amused to find that "this is the first time students 
are proud to wear their flatbrim hats on weekends outside of school curriculum.  
we do offer a design facility to help you with your cap design.



















update 2022: design and visualise your customised caps & hats online before ordering


        getting your design just right can be tedious work. remove the guess work and communication back & forth with a design you love from the very beginning with our new online 3d design tools. our tools enable you to: 

try out endless ideas in real time
test over 25,000 colourways to experiement with
get your design just right in a matter of minutes, not days
upload images, add text etc.
get inspiration from hundreds of other customers designs
request a quote or order online

 to design your own hat, head over to our partner site to customise your caps today.

yes... i want to design my hat online now!






copyright â© design my hat - disclaimer       
site design by web marketing group 

  



						 








 

