



nashville music publishing, easy chair music, recording studios, mail order demos















 

 




 

      !!!!click on these useful links!!!!
1. recording studios nashville
2. about us
3. contact us
4. watch live video from the studio
5. video stream by camstreams.com
						 

 

 
 writers - artists - musicians links

1. cal meece
2. cal meece - myspace page
3. brent (bunky) meece
4. jim dilley
5. john heinrich

music city music video  links
1. the eagle still flies  by  cal meece
2. brent (bunky) meece (video)
3. cal & easychair gang at the palace (video)
4. dale allen (video)
click to visit our links page and
exchange links with us


vets helping vets
operation stand down






 




 






>>>> video <<<<




record your music with us and we'll include a promotional dvd of you performing your song. free!
						you also get your own
						"music city music showcase"
						web page you can use to help promote yourself. free!
provided by: "easy chair music services"
click to take a look! 
---also---
						very reasonable prices if  you have your 'own' tracks.
just call 1-615-417-3748
for more info! 




 
     


find excellent tips on how to write a song, plus interviews with hit songwriters
			and other great articles at
addicted to songwriting.

			 

			





for your convenience we have incorporated paypal services into our web site so you can feel comfortable paying online for the high quality services "easy chair music" is accustomed to providing.




 


 




 

 





easy chair music publishing nashville is a bmi affilliate
special cd package deals for churches and gospel groups


 
 




 

 
												watch easy chair music on



     pay here for products and services
												  please add 5% to your total for paypal services
            
 








 

 



 




 

call: 1-615-417-3748
									or email
cal@easychair-music.com

click for
fast reliable
									mail order demos for songwriters
please sign our guestbook

contact us for the best recording services in nashville that won't brake the bank. all types of music, including;
									--country, gospel and pop-- 





 



 

  
 








"turn your poems into songs"
there's a fine line between writing poems and being a songwriter ---



bridge the fine line

click "musical-poem.com"
									 
									
you write the words, we put them to music!
we'll turn your poems or lyrics into great sounding songs!
for just $200.00 see your words transformed into a quality,
industry standard pitching demo. only $450.00 for standard 4 instrument  with lead vocal songwriter demo.

  

"click" hole-n-wall recording studio
  
quality inexpensive mail order demo service for songwriters

all types of music including;
									--gospel, country and pop--
call for prices
call 1-615-417-3748 or out of nashville
     












 

 






a love song to america "lady of the world"
words and music by: cal meece 

she's the lady of the world, she takes pride in bein' free
and she lets me be the man/woman i choose to be
everybody loves her from sea to shining sea
she's the lady of the world, this lady means the world to me

									through the good times and the bad she's the force that drives us on
when others think we're weak,  we come on strong
together we're a team and i know we'll always  be
she's the lady of the world, this lady means the world to me
america, america,
we want the world to see
america, america,
you're still the land of the free!!!!
you're the lady of the world you take pride in bein' free
and you let me be the man/woman i choose to be
everybody loves you from sea to shining sea
you're the lady of the world, lady of liberty
you're the lady of the world and you mean the world to me!








						 

send us an email: emusic@easychair-music.com

						 











