


computer lemon law - legal help for defective computers and computer problems























 
is your computer a lemon?
a computer lemon law is in the works in pennsylvania!
are you tired of your computer problem? does your computer freeze up time and time again, with error messages disrupting your daily use? are you frustrated with being on the tech support line for hours at a time, only to be transferred from one operator to the next, with no one properly diagnosing your problem? consumers report that it's happening time and time again and that is why there is a need to create a computer lemon law, a statute similar to the automobile lemon law, which protects consumers who suffer repeatedly from the same computer problems.
the good news is that if you repeatedly have a computer problem and the computer is still under warranty, you are entitled to cost-free legal help. this site will educate you about the federal warranty rights you currently have and the goal of pennsylvania house bill 2284, which we hope will become the nation's first computer lemon law. the law, similar in nature to the automobile lemon law, has generated national attention and connecticut and illinois legislatures are also researching the possibility of a similar bill.
under the bill, a purchaser is entitled to effective repairs for any problems that occur within the first 24 months of ownership. in addition, consumers with extended manufacturers warranties will have additional coverage throughout the length of their contract, including computer support.
through this site, you can read house bill 2284, or review a summary  of the bill, and receive a free consultation from the law firm of kimmel & silverman. we hope you find our website to be helpful and educational and welcome your feedback.
ready to get rid of your lemon computer?
please note at this time, our service is only available for pennsylvania consumers.

computer lemon law articles:
red ring of death on your microsoft xbox® 360? we can help! - information about the rrod problem on microsoft's xbox® 360 and how to get free legal help!
do we need a computer lemon law? - article by info world talking about the validity of having a computer lemon law.
how would you write a computer lemon law? - article from tech dirt talking about how a computer lemon law would be worded to include software.
lemon laws that apply to bug filled software? - with the increasing trend of viruses targeting applications, should there be a lemon law for software?
statement of vivian benz peikin regarding house bill 684 - pa computer lemon law house of representatives; august 11, 2005.
craig thor kimmel's testimony at house public hearings on hb2284 5/21/04 - "hb 2284 proposes to clearly state a reasonable period of time when a computer must function and tailors standards for repairs. it mandates timely, fair and equitable repairs and if not effective, requires a refund or replacement at the option of the consumer...." 
consumers need lemon law for computers - according to the consumer survey results, as reported in consumer reports, 5% of desktop pcs sold since 1996 were "dead on arrival."
lemon aid for pcs gone sour - nationwide, statistics on the number of pc lemons are hard to come by, but 1.5 percent of the pcs our readers purchased have had three or more components replaced. we think that reasonably quantifies the pc lemon rate. that equals 238,500 of the 15.9 million desktop pcs sold to consumers.
lawyer promotes passage of computer 'lemon law' - "what we are basically trying to do is give computer manufacturers a reason to repair consumer products in the way they promised in the warranty..."
craig thor kimmel consulted on nation's first computer lemon law - "we want to make sure they honor their warranties and make sure the computers are fixed," or replaced if they can't be repaired..."
montco lawyers push computer lemon law - take a couple of fired-up consumer-protection lawyers and a  horror story about a defective computer, put them together, and what do you get?
computer lemon law proposed for pennsylvania
bill aims to protect computer buyers - new proposal would provide coverage similar to automobile lemon law

home | computer lemon law rights | house bill 2284 | bill summary 
petition support | get rid of your lemon computer | computer links & forums
is your car a lemon? | contact us| site map 



for more information, call: 1-800-lemon-law (1-800-536-6652)
copyright © 1999 - 2025 all rights reserved. kimmel & silverman
disclaimer
 


