







gopher dunes


















































        
          
            gopher dunes
          
        
      




















































              home 
            

              park info/rules
            

training


              summer camps
            

rentals


store


            cabins
          

            special events
          

            gdr team
          

            construction
          

              contact us - faq
            

            camp fire stories
          







back


            rider training
          

            workplace training
          



back


            bike rentals
          



back


            pro shop
          

            trek
          

            orion
          















































home park info/rules
training

rider training
workplace training

summer camps
rentals

bike rentals


store

pro shop
trek
orion

cabinsspecial eventsgdr teamconstructioncontact us - faqcamp fire stories





                
                  
                    gopher dunes
                  
                
              











scroll


















 






 

pre-arrival resourcesplease use these key sources of information prior to your arrival at gopher dunes

 

step 1know our rules




    click here
  



or scan below













step 2sign our waiver formsthese waiver forms only need to be signed once annually by participants prior to their first annual visit.




    adult particpant waiver
  




    minor participant waiver
  



while on our website, take a look at the faq section to look further into answers of some of the frequently asked questions that we receive



step 3follow us for updates




    gopher newsletter
  




    gopher instagram
  




    gopher facebook
  




    gopher twitter
  






  

hours and events



our tracks and trails are now closed for the season

 

riding hourswinter hoursmonday - closedtuesday - closedwednesday - closedthursday - closedfriday - closedsaturday - closedsunday -closedplease follow us on social or subscribe to our email list to get the latest updates on track or trail use during event days!



event schedule2025 schedule coming soon!



store hourswe are closed for the holidays and will reopen on january 7th!winter hoursmonday - closedtuesday - 9am to 3:30pmwednesday - 9am to 3:30pmthursday - 9am to 3:30pmfriday - 9am to 5:30pmsaturday - 9am to 5:30pmsunday- closedopen on mondays of holiday weekendsclosed on tuesdays of holiday weekendsplease follow us on social or subscribe to our email list to get the latest updates on track or trail use during event days!






 

rates and fees

 

daily riding feesbikes and atv’s - $35 per day, per riderside by sides - $45 per day, per driverpassenger - $20 per day, per personstacyc’s - $10 per day, per persongolf cart - $25 per day, per person



camping fees field campingnightly - $30 per vehicleseasonal campingovernight woods camping is for seasonal campers onlyseasonal camping pass - $560 + hstserviced camp sites (limited availability) - $2,500  + hst1 extra car per family, per campsite - $199 + hst



annual membership fees1 rider - $560 + hst2 rider family pass - $1,020 + hst3 rider family pass - $1,455 + hst4 rider family pass - $1,840 + hst5 rider family pass - $2,175+ hst6 rider family pass - $2,460 + hststacyc membership - $160 + hstgolf cart membership - $200  + hst



other fees8 x 8 storage garage rental - $1,199 + hst annually13 x 8 storage garage rental- $1,999 + hst annuallytrailer storage - $349 + hst annually winter only trailer storage - $199 + hst shop labour rate - $94.99 + hst






 











main trackthe main feature of gopher dunes is our world famous 2km sand track. the course features man-made obstacles with a 40 rider starting gate and underground irrigation system. the track is groomed 4 days per week and irrigated 3 days per week (if applicable)


















beginner trackour beginner track is designed for those who are just getting started with off-road riding. the course is 1.2 km in length and is also the same course used for our red rider training programs for those who have never rode before. check out our rider training section for more information.


















peewee trackour peewee track at gopher dunes is 1.3 kilometres in length with a hybrid underground irrigation system. this track is designed for 50cc and 65cc two-strokes along with up to 150cc 4-stroke bikes. this is a great course for kids who want to get the full track riding experience.


















gp trackour gp track is a track designed for all ages to bridge the gap between the beginner track and main track. this novice level track made of clay and top soil is perfect for people who are not ready for the deep sand of the main track.


















bicycle/stacyc track new for 2024 is a track dedicated completely to bicycles, e-bikes, balance bikes and stacycs! 


















trailsour trail system offers 3 separate one-directional trails that are close to 10km each in length for bikes, atv’s, and utv’s. the trails are well marked and groomed several times per year offering something fun to ride from beginner to pro. 


















pro shopour store offers many great lines of products and accessories and is also open year round. if you are looking for service on your powersports products, be sure to call us for a quote from our service department!


















campingour camping area is a popular place to be in the summer. for overnight camping, we offer camping in our field. for seasonal campers, we have a separate campground located at the edge of the forest which is a very central area of the property. ask to be added to our coming soon serviced campsite waitlist! 


















storage garagestorage garage rentals available on a yearly basis for all of your motocross needs. our two different sized units are perfect to store your bike, parts/accessories, gear and more. 


















other amenitiesgopher dunes offers several other amenities for gopher dunes guests and members such as a swimming area, fishing, pressure washer services, firewood and ice available, and a full gym for our members!








 















new page



pre-arrival resources



hours and events



rates and fees



main track



beginner track



peewee track



gp track



bicycle/ stacyc track



trails



pro shop



camping



storage garage



other amenities



video












gopher dunes inc
4385 hwy 59 rr1,
courtland, ontario,
canada
5196884075
info@gopherdunes.com


hours




homeparkrider trainingsummer campsrentalsstore












