









coyote lakes golf club | phoenix golf course - home












































home      tee times      mobile app



home    tee times    new mobile app!


 (623) 566-2323    

 







 



golfcourse
the golf coursevideo flyoversbook a tee timenew mobile app!golf instructionplayfor less
discounts & passesevents& dining
group outingsclub calendarcoyote cafecontactdirections
job opportunitiescontact & directionssistercourses
briarwood country clubpalmbrook golf clubsan tan highlandsstarfire golf clubunion hills golf club 















 
slide 1welcomecoyote lakes golf club is always open for public tee times and is known throughout the west valley to be fun and challenging for all!book a tee timeslide 2annual passesare you looking for the perfect reason to play more golf? coyote lakes has some sweet annual pass offers just for you.learn moreslide 4coyote cafeour restaurant is open to the public 7 days/week. dine in our beautifully remodeled cafe or on our covered outdoor patio.view menuslide 5golf outingswe host a variety of golf outings for groups upwards of 144 golfers. charity events & tournaments are always welcome.learn moreslide 6mobile appultra fast booking, exclusive offers & real time weather. our mobile app offers discounts and is the fastest way to reserve your tee time.download today 

















a fan favorite golf course in the west valley
just a stone’s throw from both peoria and sun city, coyote lakes golf club in surprise is one of the most fun courses you can play. but “fun” can also be deceiving: coyote lakes is compact, it’s scary, and if you’re not careful it may leave you struggling to break ninety while eating a sleeve or two of your best golf balls. so if you come here, be ready.
"fun" can be both deceiving and punishing: when forrest richardson and arthur snyder designed coyote lakes in 1993 they embraced the property’s natural terrain over fill dirt to flatten fairways, and chose to emphasize challenge over length. the result is a fun course filled with almost as much wildlife as the undulations that reward careful shot selection. management declines all responsibility for golf scores destroyed by a grip-it-and-rip-it style.
owned by swing first golf since 2021, in two consecutive years coyote lakes received a 4-star rating on golf digest’s best places to play list, and we welcome both locals/regulars and one-time visitors every day. before or after your round the coyote café serves both golfers and the public. all are friends. welcome to coyote lakes!
the course     play for less 














 



group outings

it's all about you and your guests. we'll deliver a professionally run golf outing played on a beautiful golf course, perfect for your corporate outing or charity event. our group outing clients expect great golf course conditions, a friendly "can do" staff attitude, and the highest level of service to ensure their event is an overwhelming success.
formats
our course can hold upwards of 144 golfers, and is very playable for golfers of all skill levels. outing formats include scrambles, tee times, and modified shotgun starts to accommodate your banquet needs. click below to book your event today.
learn more














ready to tee it up?

click here







 upcoming eventsno events

view full calendar
 in the news






golf outings

we are now taking golf outing reservations for select days this season. learn more and contact us by clicking the button below and filling out the form today. book early to make sure you get the day you want!
click here














© coyote lakes golf club • 18800 n coyote lakes pkwy • surprise, az 85378 tel: (623) 566-2323 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company


















golfcourse
the golf coursevideo flyoversbook a tee timenew mobile app!golf instructionplayfor less
discounts & passesevents& dining
group outingsclub calendarcoyote cafecontactdirections
job opportunitiescontact & directionssistercourses
briarwood country clubpalmbrook golf clubsan tan highlandsstarfire golf clubunion hills golf club


coyote lakes golf club18800 n coyote lakes pkwysurprise, az 85378



















