






hotels in san diego ca | ocean beach hotel | ocean beach, california hotel




























   








book your stay

book your stay


  (619) 223-7191 accessibility skip navigation 5080 newport avesan diego, ca 92107









toggle navigation








home

rooms & amenities

rooms
amenities
pet friendly hotel


rooms
amenities
specials
ada accessible website

reservations

online reservations
specials
group reservations
cancellations


directions
photos
web cam

san diego

activities
airport
attractions
attractions2
business
casinos
dining
downtown
events
golf
government
hospitals
shopping
sports
university
wineries


contact



















welcome to ocean beach hotel direct beach access



courtyard setting with fountain, lights, and tables



relax at sunset with a glass of wine and the sound of the crashing waves



free wifi, free parking(1 spot), guest laundry, snack & beverages, concierge, pet friendly hotel & beach, ada service animals welcome, walk to restaurants



flat screen tv's with extended channels



newly remodeled rooms with fridge, hair dryer, coffee maker and more...



wake up with stunning views from ocean view rooms.







  



skip

welcome to ocean beach hotel
covid-19 precautions - the entire staff at the ocean beach hotel has been vaccinated against covid-19.  masks are available for those who wish to wear them.  located next to the beach with direct access.we're located directly on the beach, in the heart of ob, steps from the sand, from amazing cuisine, and all of the shopping on newport avenue and abbott street. many of our guests park the car in our private hotel parking lot for free and never move the car again because everything from sunbathing and surfing to craft beer-drinking and burger-eating is within walking distance of the hotel. ocean beach is also centrally located with seaworld less than 5 minutes away and only 15 minutes from the san diego zoo, san diego airport, and downtown.ocean beach is a cozy little beach with a small town feel and a laid-back atmosphere. it's the kind of place where people greet one another as they cross paths.surfers enjoy the waves created by the jetties while swimmers and sunbathers will be pleasantly surprised by the friendly, familiar atmosphere on the beach.the water is divided into surfing and swimming/boogie board zones. family-friendly, well-patrolled by lifeguards and home to sunbathing, surfing, fishing, sailing, shopping, pier strolling and lots of fun. just across the street to the south is the ocean beach municipal pier. one-half mile long, above the crashing waves with unbelievable views of the san diego coast. ocean beach pier is one of the few places in san diego where you can fish without a valid california fishing license. half way out, there's a cafe' and a tackle shop. to the north, the beach offers a designated area, dog beach, where dog owners can let their pets romp in the surf - dog beach is 24/7 off leash. all of our ground floor patio rooms are pet-friendly without an additional fee.comfortable accommodations, an inviting courtyard, centrally located, many nearby restaurants, friendly atmosphere and the alluring blue pacific ocean along the southern california coast...the only thing missing is you. all accommodations (see our room photo gallery) have been recently renovated and are tastefully decorated. all guests of the hotel enjoy complimentary parking, free wi-fi, air-conditioning, cable tv, in-room refrigerator, iron and ironing board. additionally, all rooms are non-smoking.accessible hotel:property meets ada of 1990 (us hotels only)rooms for the physically challenged:accessible parking spaces and signage (car and van)accessible parking space that is 96-inches wide with an appropriate access aislean accessible route that allows for approaching and entering the hotelan accessible lobby entrance doorinterior routes to public spaces that do not have abrupt level changesan accessible reception desk or accessible folding shelf or reception arearoom signage: 60-inches to sign center above finished floorpublic space ada accessible featuresaccessible doors and doorways (at least 32-inches of clear width passage)accessible bathrooms and features, including shower/tubaccessible room controls (e.g. hvac and lighting)accessible clear floor spaceguest room mobility accessible features:closed-caption televisionstelephones have volume controlguest room communication assist features



hotel features

                	free wifi & parking 1 per roomdirect beach accessdecks overlooking beach with tablescourtyard with tables and fountainwalk to several restaurants and barsgift shop, concierge desk, beverages including alcoholconcierge desk for, bike rentals, attractions, restaurants, and spasflat screen tv with extended channelsmicrowave available at front desk onlyiron, ironing board & hair dryerfamily suites availablepet friendly rooms available and service animals

 

 




activities : 


 ocean beach is just south of the mission bay channel entrance. this is a wide beach approximately one mile long and water is divided into surfing and swimming/boogie board zones. a volleyball area can be found near the north end of the beach.


airport : getting to san diego international airport is easy from most major roadways. be sure to monitor traffic conditions during certain times of the day. it is essential to allow yourself enough time for airline check-in and to pass through security. arrive two (2) hours prior to domestic flight departures and three (3) hours prior to international flight departures. 
   attractions : san diego is home to many of southern california's popular tourist attractions that provide fun, exhilaration, education and excitement for adults and children of all ages. 
attractions : the ocean beach municipal pier, one of the most visited landmarks in san diego county, was officially christened and introduced to eager san diegans on july 2, 1966. over 7,000 of san diego's then 600,000 residents showed up to celebrate the opening, including local politicians mayor frank curran and california governor edmund g. "pat" brown who had the honor of cutting the ribbon. 
business : the san diego convention center corporation (sdccc) is committed to supporting and encouraging sustainable practices, including the hosting of environmentally friendly “green” meetings in our building. over the past several years, the corporation has garnered nearly a half-dozen state and city awards for our highly successful conservation and recycling efforts.  
casinos : the excitement of vegas, plus everything for an ultimate casino experience, is right here in the temecula valley. we have lots of casino action if your game is slots, blackjack, poker, craps, or roulette we have something fun for everyone! from intimate high-limit rooms to non-smoking gaming we have what you need to get the action started. you will also find fabulous food and entertainment.
dining : we have to eat & we have lots of delicious restaurants to choose from in ocean beach, so let's keep enjoying their tasty eats! 
downtown : the heart of every city lives in its downtown, and san diego is no exception. located only minutes from the airport, san diego's thriving downtown districts offer a plethora of options for accommodations, activities, dining and cultural attractions, all accessible by foot or by trolley. modern and historic buildings stand side-by-side, in the downtown historic gaslamp district, housing shops and boutiques, trendy nightclubs, rooftop bars and fine dining restaurants.  
events : ocean beach is host to many fun and festive events throughout the year. numerous surfing contests are held across the street from the ocean beach hotel and volleyball tournaments are at the north end of the beach. other sporting tournaments are held at nearby robb field. the ocean beach hotel is the perfect location for groups attending these events.

enjoy the incredible ob farmers market every wednesday where you can find fresh locally sourced produce, ready-to-eat local food, homemade arts and crafts, and live music.  
golf : golf digest named san diego "one of the top 50 golf destinations in the world". we have over 90 courses located throughout the san diego region, from seaside settings to desert mountains to inland valleys. with a wide range of courses, there is a course for every type of golfer and a range of greens fees that will fit every budget.  
government : ocean beach is a small community that celebrates individuality and creativity in its preservation as a traditional southern california beach town. sprinkled on street corners are locally owned restaurants, ice cream shops, and boutiques. the newport avenue business corridor boasts some of san diego's finest antiques and collectibles. in addition to many families and college students, the community is home to countless musicians, artists, and surfers. no visit to ocean beach would be complete without stopping at the famed ocean beach pier, a favorite spot for local fishermen and surfers. additionally, the community is deservedly proud of its dog beach, one of the best leash-free zones enjoyed by dog owners and their best friends. 
hospitals : the southern california care community, (socalcc) offers free, community based healthcare clinics throughout san diego county. run by licensed medical professionals and nursing students, we serve the uninsured residents of our community in a respectful and compassionate manner.  
shopping : whether you are window shopping, picking out a souvenir to bring back home, or buying an entire new wardrobe; you won't be disappointed with the abundance of shopping choices that san diego has to offer. with an average temperature of 72 degrees the variety of outdoor shopping malls, shopping centers, vintage/antique stores, and quaint neighborhood boutiques, san diego offers a pleasant yet energized atmosphere to partake in some san diego shopping.  
sports : the san diego padres are a major league baseball team based in san diego, california. they play in the national league western division. founded in 1969, the padres have won the national leaguepennant twice, in 1984 and 1998, losing in the world series both times.  
university : san diego state university is the oldest and largest higher education institution in the san diego region. since it was founded in 1897, the university has grown to become a nationally ranked research university. each year, sdsu provides more than 35,000 students with the opportunity to participate in an academic curriculum distinguished by direct contact with faculty and an increasing international emphasis, preparing them for a global future.  
wineries : san diego's north county is among the finest varietal grape-growing regions in the western united states. the region boasts a variety of vineyards, from larger wineries that feature guided tours and full gift shops to small family-run places, where visitors can elbow up to the oak bar to taste a fume blanc and petite sirah, and get a "tour" by simply turning around and glancing at huge tanks, vats and machinery just behind them.  


welcome to our great hotel in san diego california with affordable rates and cheap budget discount lodging. ocean beach hotel welcomes you to our budget hotel in san diego california. ocean beach hotel will provide you excellent customer service with great amenities in comparison to all hotels and motels in san diego california. please visit us on your next stay in san diego california and let us provide you with 4 star hospitality for 2 to 3 star budget rates. ocean beach hotel has been providing lodging and accommodations in san diego california for several years and looks forward to providing our valued customer and business traveler with the best service in san diego california for hotels and motels in our local area. 
ocean beach hotel san diego california ca hotels lodging accommodations budget affordable motels cheap vacation packages specials pet friendly weddings business travelers business meetings extended stay. ocean beach hotel is one of the finest hotels and motels in san diego california


 






 
book your stay







book direct and save

book direct and save


reserve

stay 3 get 4th at 50% off

stay 3 nights and get 4th night at 50% off. discount assigned to least expensive night.


reserve





web camera 
 











ocean beach hotel

(619) 223-7191
5080 newport ave
san diego, ca 92107


 web accessible site

ada website compliance 
ada website text
accessibility



 


san diego

 ocean beach san diego 
california beaches ocean beach ca 
guide to ocean beach california 
trip advisor top 10 things in ocean beach ca. 
city of san diego ca 
things to do san diego ca. 
explore san diego california 
county of san diego ca.





links

travel directory
home
rooms 
amenities 
 pet friendly hotel san diego ca
reservations online
specials 
group reservations 
cancellations 
directions ocean beach hotel san diego california
photo gallery 
contact ocean beach hotel san diego california ca 
privacy policy
ada website compliance 
ada website text 



 
designed by myeres.com and one stop pms.com






































this website does not use cookies.  google analytics & adwords may use cookies.  our booking-engine uses cookies to process your reservation.

          by continuing to use this website and our booking-engine, you consent to our 
          cookie/privacy policy and
          terms of service.
        









