






showroom lines | perennials and sutherland







showroom lines | perennials and sutherland


































































 

















perennials fabrics





sutherland furniture











                    my account
                






                    my boards
                






items in tote: 
0




 





open navigation menu.





















items in tote: 
0











                            shop perennials fabrics
                        



                            shop sutherland furniture
                            










                                    about                                



                                    leadership                                



                                    press and media                                



                                    corporate responsibility                                



                                    careers                                



                                    showrooms                                










                        about                    



                        leadership                    



                        press and media                    



                        corporate responsibility                    



                        careers                    



                        showrooms                    








                    my account
                









showroom lines 




showrooms
                     / 
                            

showroom lines


 


showroom lines






learn more about allen kirsch







                    allen kirsch                



                    available in dallas, houston, new york, and washington dc                








learn more about ancient & modern







                    ancient & modern                



                    available chicago, dallas, houston, and los angeles                












learn more about atelier purcell







                    atelier purcell                



                    available in chicago, dallas, dania, houston, la, and washington dc                








learn more about berman rosetti







                    berman rosetti                



                    available in chicago, dallas, dania, houston, and new york.                












learn more about bettinger studio







                    bettinger studio                



                    available in dallas and chicago                








learn more about blackman cruz







                    blackman cruz                



                    available in dallas, houston, and new york                












learn more about cannon / bullock







                    cannon / bullock                



                    available in dallas and houston                












learn more about castel







                    castel                



                    available in chicago, dallas, dania, houston, and seattle                








learn more about corbin bronze







                    corbin bronze                



                    available in dallas, dania, houston, los angeles, naples and new york                












learn more about diamond teak







                    diamond teak                



                    available in dallas, houston, los angeles, and new york                

                    diamond teak                








learn more about de la vega







                    de la vega                



                    available in dallas and houston                












learn more about fortuny







                    fortuny                



                    available in dallas and houston.                












learn more about galbraith & paul







                    galbraith & paul                



                    available in dallas and houston.                








learn more about hellman chang







                    hellman chang                



                    available in dallas, dania, houston, los angeles, and washington dc.                












learn more about giardini wall coverings







                    giardini wall coverings                



                    available in dallas and houston                








learn more about honning







                    honning                



                    available in chicago                












learn more about houles







                    houles                



                    available in dallas and houston.                








learn more about hutton collections







                    hutton collections                



                    available in dallas, houston, and new york.                












learn more about john himmel







                    john himmel                



                    available in dallas, chicago, houston, los angeles and new york.                








learn more about john lyle







                    john lyle                



                    available in chicago, dallas, houston and los angeles.                












learn more about john wolf art







                    john wolf art                



                    available in dania and los angeles.                












learn more about le gracieux







                    le gracieux                



                    available in dallas and houston.                












learn more about liaigre







                    liaigre                



                    available in chicago, dallas, and houston.
                








learn more about lorin marsh







                    lorin marsh                



                    available in dallas and houston.                












learn more about mattaliano







                    mattaliano                



                    available in dallas, houston, los angeles, new york and washington dc.                








learn more about michael fogg







                    michael fogg                



                    available in chicago, dallas, dania, houston, los angeles, naples, new york, san francisco and washington dc.                












learn more about mimi london







                    mimi london                



                    available in chicago, dallas, and houston.                








learn more about the newlon collection by bettinger studio







                    the newlon collection by bettinger studio                



                    available in dallas and chicago                












learn more about ochre







                    ochre                



                    available in chicago, dallas, dania, houston, los angeles, naples, and washington dc.                








learn more about orenzo usa







                    orenzo usa                



                    available in dallas, houston, laguna, and los angeles.                












learn more about pavoni







                    pavoni                



                    available in chicago, dallas, dania, houston, los angeles, new york, seattle and washington dc.                












learn more about phillip jeffries







                    phillip jeffries                



                    available in houston.                








learn more about ricci studio







                    ricci studio                



                    available in new york.                












learn more about ron dier







                    ron dier                



                    available in dallas, houston, new york, and washington dc.                








learn more about rose tarlow melrose house







                    rose tarlow melrose house                



                    available in dallas and houston.                












learn more about ryan jackson







                    ryan jackson                



                    available in dallas and houston.                








learn more about shiir







                    shiir                



                    available in dallas and houston.

                












learn more about tom faulkner







                    tom faulkner                



                    available in dallas, dania and los angeles.                












learn more about the wicker works







                    the wicker works                



                    available in  dallas, houston and los angeles.                








learn more about tuuci







                    tuuci                



                    available in all domestic david sutherland showrooms and perennials & sutherland studios                




















© 2025 perennials and sutherland l.l.c.






press and media





careers





corporate





subscribe





privacy policy


 











we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                        necessary 
                    


 necessary 


                        always enabled                    



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                        non necessary 
                    


non-necessary




any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.






save & accept





















            login to your account
        


username or email *



password *








            remember me        








 
login


lost your password?




            don't have an account?
            click here to register.
        










            search
        






                search the perennials website.
            



















            leaving perennials and sutherland        

            you are about to enter our sister store, sutherland furniture. any items in your shopping tote will still be here when you return!
        


                stay here
            

                proceed to sutherland furniture            


























chat with us, powered by livechat




