









life in a jar - the courageous story of irena sendler





























































facebook




x




rss


 












about

about the project
our dream
the irena sendler family & cast
host the ‘life in a jar’ play
speaker’s bureau
history of the lowell milken center


irena sendler project

timeline of irena sendler’s life and the life in a jar project
facts about irena
faqs
in memoriam
video
other diversity projects
recommended websites


photos
events/news

calendar of events
news & updates


contact
shop

‘life in a jar’ book
‘mommy, who was irena sendler?’
the courageous heart of irena sendler
‘life in a jar’ dvd


contribute
 





select page


  
 



 



 











the life in a jar foundation reaches out with holocaust education in the united states and around the world.















irena sendler
the great rescuer of the warsaw ghetto
 

about irena sendler









bestseller! 'life in a jar' by jack mayerthe inspirational story of irena sendler, who knocked on jewish doors in the warsaw ghetto and, in sendler’s own words, “tried to talk the mothers out of their children.” it is also the story of the students from kansas who rediscovered her, each carrying their own painful burden and each called in their own complex way to spread the history of irena sendler.
click here for ordering information.








host the 'life in a jar' play
are you interested in having the presentation come to your area? life in a jar is a dynamic program touching the holocaust, ethics, education, respect and unsung heroes. it brings a message of hope, not despair.
read on for additional information.








the courageous heart of irena sendler
the hallmark hall of fame award winning dvd featuring anna paquin as irena sendler is now available to order. the dvd is a great secondary addition to reading the “life in a jar: the irena sendler project” book by jack mayer.
click here for ordering information.








calendar of events


want to catch a ‘life in a jar’ performance or a presentation from one of our speakers?
 
 
click here for the calendar!











order the award-winning book and learn more about irena sendler and the kansas kids!


irena sendlerowa  1910-2008
for additional information, tributes & contact information, please visit our memorial page.









host life in a jar
interested in hosting the life in a jar play? click here to find out more!










meet irena


irena sendlerowa was a polish woman who, along with her underground network, rescued 2,500 jewish children in poland during world war ii. many of this number were already outside of the ghetto and in hiding.











irena's parents




irena’s father was a doctor. her father died in the typhus epidemic of 1917 when he contracted the disease while caring for poor jewish people in otwock. browse our photo gallery for a photo and information on irena’s mother and father.











performance“protestant students from rural kansas discovered a polish catholic woman who rescued jewish children from the warsaw ghetto during the holocaust. it’s a story for all people.” – usa today














the #1 irena sendler exhibit in the world!

located at the lowell milken center for unsung heroes in fort scott, ks. contact conardnorm@gmail.com to schedule a tour!
 







donate now



 











facebook




x




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 















