














manning college of information & computer sciences : umass amherst







































      skip to main content
    




umass collegiate m


the university of massachusetts amherst





open umass global links menu


visit
apply
give
search umass.edu













manning college of information & computer sciences



 








main navigation




academics


toggle submenu for academics







programs undergraduate programs master's programs doctoral program graduate certificate programs


academic support advising career development  academic policies courses scholarships and fellowships







research


toggle submenu for research







research  research areas  research centers & labs undergraduate research opportunities


faculty & researchers  faculty directory faculty achievements


engage research news distinguished lecturer series  rising stars in computer science lecture series







community


toggle submenu for community







on-campus diversity and inclusion student organizations  massenberg summer stem program awards programs senior celebration


external alumni support cics







people


toggle submenu for people







full a-z directory  faculty  staff 







about


toggle submenu for about







overview  college overview  leadership  our new building


news & events  news & stories  events calendar 


connect  visiting cics contact us employment offices & services 







info for


toggle submenu for info for







current undergraduate students current graduate students faculty and staff newly accepted undergraduate students






















brun named ieee fellowprofessor yuriy brun has been elevated to fellow of the institute of electrical and electronics engineers for his contributions to software bias mitigation and software engineering automation.
          read more 
        partnership with healey-driscoll administration to engage students in ai for social impactthe new, on-campus internship program will be guided by manning cics's center for data science and the umass amherst public interest technology initiative. 
          read more 
        senior celebration 2025we look forward to celebrating the amazing achievements of the undergraduate class of 2025 at the cics senior celebration on saturday, may 17, 2025, at 2:30 p.m. in the umass amherst recreation center.
          read more
        

more stories 






          dean & faculty searches 
        



          cics seeks an innovative, collaborative, and strategic academic leader to serve as the next donna m. and robert j. manning dean. we also invite applications for teaching and tenure-stream positions in multiple areas for the 2025-2026 academic year.
        

view open positions 









#1 
public computer science program in the northeast
u.s. news & world report 


89 
faculty working across 16 research areas
as of 2024 


800+
undergraduate and graduate degrees awarded 
in 2024





academics 
explore our programs
our flexible and rigorous academic programs focus on problem-solving and innovation, giving you the skills you need to succeed in any industry.  


undergraduate programs 
master's programs
doctoral program 
graduate certificate programs


explore all academics 





image 


image 





 



research
shaping the evolution of computing 
cics pioneers have shaped computing since its origin, building the foundations of the field. today, we continue to push boundaries. we make change with government agencies, industry partners, and faculty around the world. together, we're forging the future of computing to advance the common good.  


research areas 
research centers & labs
faculty directory
undergraduate research opportunities






 
image 


quantum information systems
building the quantum internet
researchers in the acquire lab are working on advanced topics in classical and quantum information systems and networks.





impact
news & stories



image 



 research

umass amherst hosts inaugural reinforcement learning conference 

      umass amherst, the birthplace of reinforcement learning, hosted the first conference dedicated to the field in 2024.
    
read more













    cics students build community at 2024 grace hopper and tapia conferences
  












    search advisory committee appointed for new dean of manning college of information & computer sciences
  












    noah lev bartell-mangel ‘27 recognized for contributions to the rust programming language
  












    shiven patel ’26 named fall 2024 rising researcher
  


    explore all news & stories 
  


calendar


          upcoming events 
        




holiday - presidents’ day17febacademicsfor a complete list of important academic dates, please see the umass amherst academic calendar.&nbsp;teaching seminar: james perretta (northeastern university), what should i test? how to think about and select test inputs18febresearchteaching seminar featuring james peretta of northeastern universityphd dissertation proposal defense: dhawal gupta, improving temporal credit assignment in reinforcement learning18febphd dissertation proposal defensethis dissertation addresses key aspects of tcap by proposing novel methodologies that enhance value estimation...umass cybersecurity club industry talk18febstudent organizationon tuesday, feb. 18 from 6:30 p.m. to 8:00 p.m., the umass cybersecurity club will be hosting an industry talk with two speakers from fortinet.nlp seminar: weixin liang, societal impact of large language models19febresearchthis talk examines how individuals and institutions are adapting to and engaging with this emerging technology through three research directions.undergraduate research volunteers poster session19febresearchcome view posters for the winter undergraduate research volunteers! undergraduate mentees and their phd mentors will be available to discuss their work.


view all events







video url



our vision 
computing for the common good 
we are united by a revolutionary vision for computing research, education, and outreach—computing for the common good—and committed to inspiring and educating students from all backgrounds and experiences while conducting research that improves the lives of the people of the commonwealth and the world. 
vision & mission 







image 



giving
accelerate progress
manning cics is proud to partner with the umass amherst foundation in support of umass amherst's transformational campaign—accelerate. your gift can get help to shape the future, driving the college forward at a pivotal time in our history. explore our giving opportunities to support what matters most to you.
giving opportunities 










site footer



manning college of information & computer sciences



find us on facebook




find us on youtube




find us on linkedin




find us on instagram




find us on flickr




address140 governors dr
amherst, ma 01003
united states



 visit cics  give  contact us employment events calendar  offices & services




info for 
 current undergraduate students  current graduate students  faculty & staff newly accepted undergraduate students






global footer





      ©2025 university of massachusetts amherst


site policies


privacy


non-discrimination notice


accessibility


terms of use


















