







our lady of lourdes catholic church | columbia, missouri
















































































skip to content










find a parishreport abusediocesan plansafe environment












support our parish


























































news & events parish bulletins news calendar the catholic missourian parish communication submissionour faith becoming catholic adult confirmation religious education worship and prayer today’s daily scripture readings bishop’s monthly prayer intention lent stewardship stewardship portalsacraments baptism reconciliation eucharist confirmation holy matrimony marriage preparation parish policies for wedding ceremonies annulments holy orders anointing of the sick funeral liturgy mass intentionsparish life become a member parishioner registration update your contact information get involved liturgical resources lyric sheets & service resources ministry schedule sacred music ministries youth ministry organizations parish committees pastoral parish council parish bulletins safe environmentschool students admissions school community school history employmentabout us history staff contact




 




×
news & events parish bulletins news calendar the catholic missourian parish communication submissionour faith becoming catholic adult confirmation religious education worship and prayer today’s daily scripture readings bishop’s monthly prayer intention lent stewardship stewardship portalsacraments baptism reconciliation eucharist confirmation holy matrimony marriage preparation parish policies for wedding ceremonies annulments holy orders anointing of the sick funeral liturgy mass intentionsparish life become a member parishioner registration update your contact information get involved liturgical resources lyric sheets & service resources ministry schedule sacred music ministries youth ministry organizations parish committees pastoral parish council parish bulletins safe environmentschool students admissions school community school history employmentabout us history staff contact







































support our parish




















news & events parish bulletins news calendar the catholic missourian parish communication submissionour faith becoming catholic adult confirmation religious education worship and prayer today’s daily scripture readings bishop’s monthly prayer intention lent stewardship stewardship portalsacraments baptism reconciliation eucharist confirmation holy matrimony marriage preparation parish policies for wedding ceremonies annulments holy orders anointing of the sick funeral liturgy mass intentionsparish life become a member parishioner registration update your contact information get involved liturgical resources lyric sheets & service resources ministry schedule sacred music ministries youth ministry organizations parish committees pastoral parish council parish bulletins safe environmentschool students admissions school community school history employmentabout us history staff contact









find a parishreport abusediocesan plansafe environment









support our parish








diocese










 










 
 





















our lady of lourdes catholic church
serving columbia, missouri












livestream of mass





lyric sheets for mass



























you are welcome at
our lady of lourdes catholic church



to proclaim… to be community…to serve…to celebrate.we are a parish of approximately 2,400 households, and our parishioners come from all parts of columbia, missouri, and the surrounding areas. we are one of three catholic parishes in columbia, along with the st. thomas more newman center and sacred heart parish, and are a member parish of the diocese of jefferson city. we hope this website helps introduce you to our parish or to find the information you are looking for. if you live in the area or will be moving here, we hope you will become a member. if you will be visiting the area, we hope you will join us for mass. please contact the parish office if you need further assistance.god bless you! 


















mass times



weekend masses:saturday:  5:30 p.m.sunday:  8:00 a.m., 9:45 a.m., and 11:30 a.m.daily masses:monday - friday:  6:30 a.m. and 8:00 a.m.saturday:  8:00 a.m.at this time, our daily 6:30 a.m., saturday 8:00 a.m., and sunday 8:00 a.m. masses are live-streamed on our web page. confessions:saturday: 4:00 p.m. & upon request. 












parish bulletin



see this week's bulletin with information about parish and community events, news and a word from our pastor. 



						>> get this week's bulletin					











contact us



our lady of lourdes parish office903 bernadette dr. columbia mo 65203parish office phone(573) 445-7915parish office emailoffice2@ourladyoflourdes.org 
















































latest news

























st. vincent de paul






											society of saint vincent de paul: a year of compassionate service											




    in 2024, our parish’s society of saint vincent de paul conference (svdp) continued its mission of providing crucial assistance to those facing financial hardships in...
















news






											columbia k of c council to sponsor youth free throw championship											




    update 1/10/25: due to weather, the knights of columbus council #1529, #14414, and #7231 competition for the basketball free throw...
















catholic stewardship renewal






											introducing our new stewardship system!											




    dear parishioners of our lady of lourdes, we hope this message finds you well. we're pleased to share some exciting...
















parish mission






											save the date – our lady of lourdes parish mission is coming soon!											




    our parish is excited to host a 3-night parish mission, "call to the deep: becoming who godcreated you to be,"...
















event






											oktoberfest!											




    join us on sunday, october 13th, 12 - 4 p.m. for our annual oktoberfest event hosted by our lady of...
















news






											tri parish health ministry programs											




    these programs are offered by mu extension. if you have any questions please contact susan devaney  devaney.susan@gmail.com   or 573-696-1424...
















news






											a message from fr. dan merz – women’s health clinic survey											




    dear brother priests and deacons, neighboring parish secretaries, high school leadership, women's leadership, principals, and chancery leadership, since my time...
















religious education
 / 
youth ministry






											summertime fun & tradition											




    by lisa geger, oll director of religious education & youth ministryas featured in the may issue of ollis tiger paw...
















news
 / 
ollis






											uganda kitchen transformation: latest developments											




    the parish and school community at our lady of lourdes responded in record time to raise money for the construction...
















news






											facilities updates											




    our campus is large and aging, and we wanted to give you an update about several ongoing projects. repairs in...



























parish resources






as pilgrims on a journey, we are guided by the holy spirit to know and serve the lord, by reaching out to others in love and service. our parish offers these resources to parishioners to enrich their spiritual life, enhance their knowledge and form them as missionary disciples. 













formed.org


the catholic faith. on-demand. get thousands of movies, programs, audio, and books instantly. 












word on fire


proclaiming christ in the culture. click to learn more. 












dynamic catholic


meeting people where they are . . . leading them to where god calls them to be! click to learn more.  






















click here to subscribe to flocknote













we love having you as part of our flock! let's keep in touch. stay connected with the latest information from our lady of lourdes! click the link on the left to subscribe to flocknote, or text lourdes to 84576


























connect with us
















where are we located?































vocations
all christians are called to service by virtue of their baptism. the call to priesthood and religious life is heard at various ages and circumstances of life; god’s call is often incarnated through the words, example, and support of others.
help us to awaken the call within those called to ordination or vowed religious life.
learn more





















more from the diocese of jefferson city















events








find things to do across the diocese with the diocesan events calendar
parishes and catholic organizations across the diocese can submit events to the diocesan events calendar. this calendar is full of things to do across the 38 counties our parishes reside in.






due to covid-19 events may be modified or canceled, please check the calendar for more information.







view the diocesan calendar












news













february 17, 2025


upcoming events eventos en español employment opportunities new world day for consecrated life “i am filled with gratitude for my religious vocation, and i am hopeful that, through the power…
read more












see more news from the chancery


























stewardship


as christian stewards, we receive god's gifts gratefully, cultivate them responsibly, share them lovingly in justice with others, and return them with increase to the lord. 



						learn more					




















catholic missourian


learn more about what is happening around our diocese and in our 100+ faith communities, plus see how you can get involved. 



						latest issue					

























receive diocesan news














please enter your name.



please enter a valid email address.




sign up



something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.













 



































(573) 445-7915 | 903 bernadette dr.
columbia mo 65203 | office2@ourladyoflourdes.org






 










				search			



search



 




© 2023 diocese of jefferson city
all rights reserved | privacy policy












 

scroll to top












