






 


gary carter - corpus christi real estate, fence san antonio tx, san antonio landscaping companies


































home
about us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 






ways to reduce your home carbon footprint 
 by secure_admin | sep 13, 2024 | landscaping
citizens are now encouraged to take some actions to reduce their carbon footprint because of the worsening climate change. however, this is sometimes a difficult feat, and most people fall short of making this happened. the key here is to understand the consequences of the little actions we do every day and minimize activities that contribute much to carbon emissions.  

here are the practical ways you can do to reduce carbon emissions in your daily activities in your neighborhood or communities: 
1. stop patronizing single-use plastic – plastic is everywhere. it is partly because we tolerate single-use plastic in our daily purchases — plastic bottles from drinks, plastic utensils for take-out meals, and plastic wraps for the food and materials we buy. why don’t you use a recyclable water bottle that you can use for drinking, bring your utensils that you can use and reuse for every take-out meal, and use a recyclable bag when grocery shopping or shopping at the mall? by doing these, you discouraging most establishments from using plastic and potentially reduces the use of it. 
 2. reuse that old-fashioned way of gardening – this sounds a little bit inconvenient, but other professional companies like  san antonio landscaping have the expertise even devoid of the high-tech equipment and tools. this entails hard work, but it will definitely be worth it. besides helping the environment, this is also a good physical exercise! 
if you have a small lawn, manual labor, either from raking and brooming to pruning, is more encouraged. 
3. drive less – the country has a growing population who drive to a myriad of destinations: work, school, grocery store, food chain, and more without considering the number of carbon emissions from all of these small, unneeded travels. how to drive less? there are two ways: first, buy local. buying what is available in your community will help local businesses and reduce carbon emissions and avoid long car travel. second, go out once. instead of making separate purchases that increase the number of meters for car travel and, therefore, increase burning fuel, make a list of your errands and do it in one day or one trip.  
4. create a compost – the united states is one of the top contributors to food waste. according to a recent study of epa, there could be more than 25 million tons of solid waste thrown in the disposal area — which is avoidable.  
composting removes millions of tons of waste per day, so this is highly encouraged. one reason why homeowners do not compost is because of the assumption that composing needs a more oversized yard and is high-maintenance work. the truth is the opposite. you can start composting by digging a small hole in the backyard and start composting your leaves, branches, and grass besides food waste. you can even compost by letting dead organic materials decompose in your lawn or yard.  
other ways to reduce carbon footprint: 
grow your produce 
discouraged the use of paper 
shop local 
switch to solar-powered equipment or appliances 
high professional services that are eco-friendly 


things to keep in mind as you construct your fence 
 by secure_admin | sep 11, 2024 | fence service
remember the following points as you opt for the ideal fence for your home. with the list below, you’ll be able to have a fence san antonio tx installed that suits your desires and needs and removes any regret further sooner or later. 

consider the climate 
various materials react differently based on the area’s climate. wood shrinks and swells based on the weather, metal types tend to rust a lot faster compared to others, etc. you’ll need the fence type that can endure your weather, temperature, and climate. 
do your assignment 
it’s probably true that you’ve come across this article because you’re doing your research. if that’s the case, you’ve done a great job. however, a lot of people just go for something they are uninformed about and end up regretting their decisions in the end. moreover, cities also regulate rules about fences, which you need to be familiarized with. moreover, the hoa of your place might have something to say about it. 
consider the maintenance 
as a picket fence is suitable for the american dream, wood fences are a lot more high-maintenance compared to other fence types since they can potentially rot or warp. once you’re fine with a particular fence type’s upkeep, then you must go for it. however, you should still need to be realistic about how frequently you’re willing to clean and maintain your fence before finally installing one. 
never diy fence installation 
many things are involved in fence installation than meet the eye. once a fence isn’t properly installed, you can encounter many problems in the end, which you’ll less likely encounter if you just let the fence installer experts deal with it. for that, it’s best if you let the professionals do it for you to get amazing and long-lasting results. 
determine your reasons for getting one 
it’s always a good idea to have gates and residential fences installed. however, you’ll be able to select the best fence type that will benefit you most if you exactly know the reasons why you want to install one. for instance, the fence type that will just keep the dog on your lawn is not the same compared to a soundproof fence. 
think about the cost 
other fences are a lot more affordable compared to some and once you mix various types, it could be even less costly. while getting the similar fence type throughout the back and front part of your yard looks organized and clean, it may not be very great for your wallet. 
think outside of the box 
you don’t need to just have brick, aluminum, wood, or other material. greenery like bushes and shrubs can make a good yard barrier. but this goes back to the tip of knowing your reasons why you want to get a fence. bushes will not keep the dog in. however, when all you want to have is a land barrier, then you may opt for a stunning shrub fence. 


mistakes to avoid when buying a property for the first time 
 by secure_admin | sep 9, 2024 | real estate
every day, first-time homebuyers tend to face the struggle that comes with them as they do the process. fortunately, certified real estate agents can help you purchase a property for the first time efficiently because it’s part of their job, and they do it well. for that, here are the following mistakes that the expert corpus christi real estate realtors want you to know that you should prevent at all costs: 

never wait until you find a property to talk to a banker 
it usually takes a long time to achieve the mortgage part of purchasing a property, which is particularly applicable for first-time property owners. the required heaps of paperwork by underwriters can take several weeks to process and assemble. particularly when you have several credit blemishes or multiple bank accounts.  
it’s always highly recommended by expert realtors to begin with a lender before you start searching for a property. once you can obtain an on-hand pre-approval letter, then it would be better. financing is one of the major reasons why real estate deals fall short. a house seller will be more likely to get your offer once they are informed that you got backing from a bank.  
come up with a list of what you must have and what you want 
you will learn quite fast that everything in real estate is negotiable except the view. that also means that you need to compromise sometimes. there’s a difference between what you must have and what you want in a home. the “want” portions of a property are where you commonly need to compromise. those property buyers who do not know what they want in a property wind up spending several wasted time and money as they look for a home.  
remember that there’s no perfect house, even new construction. because of that, it’s important to make a list to help you and the realtors establish your priorities and make them your guides. for instance, it might be important to have school districts if you have school-age kids. that way, you can narrow down your location options.  
never allow your emotions to affect you 
emotions serve a major role in purchasing a house all the time. you might be shocked at the lows and highs that are linked with the experience of buying a home. feelings are sneaky and you never know what they will be showing up.  
for instance, the seller believes that their property is worth more than what you are offering to pay. as a result, their feelings will get hurt once you make an offer. because of that, they will reject your offer. and you are left upset and disappointed since you like the house, yet you believe that the price is too much for the property.  
remember that our company is here to guide and assist you. hence, make sure to prevent doing all the mistakes listed above, especially if you are a first-time homebuyer. instead, consult with the experts today. 




 



search for:





recent posts


ways to reduce your home carbon footprint 


things to keep in mind as you construct your fence 


mistakes to avoid when buying a property for the first time 


recent commentsarchives

september 2024

categories

fence service

landscaping

real estate


 







 











