


gage academy of art | seattle, wa






















































search







            programs
         



                       ateliers
                     


                       atelier extensions
                     


                       adult classes
                     


                       youth classes
                     


                       summer camps
                     


                       open studios
                     


                       teen art studios
                     


                       financial aid
                     












            events
        



            support
         



                       support gage
                     


                       donate now
                     


                       membership
                     


                       volunteer
                     


                       sponsorship
                     


                       legacy giving
                     










            about
         



                       about gage
                     


                       getting to gage
                     


                       board of trustees
                     


                       staff
                     


                       instructors
                     


                       opportunities
                     










            donate
        





























artists are made, not born.










        schedule a tour
    


happening now













make your gift today


we need your support to ensure that gage is a place for all artists to thrive.















spring quarter is open


all spring classes are open for registration















gage in south lake union


plan your visit to 2107 westlake











atelier style + level of classical art instruction - i love this place. it's old school, no more like olde school.
mahalie stackpole





art classes for everyone


7
internationallyrecognizedateliers



35
years of art education excellence



3k
students enroll every year






        adult
    




        ateliers
    




        youth
    




        open studios
    


mark your calendar













may 3, 2025



 
                        collectors' gala & auction
                    










16
saturday,october





when

6:00 pm–9:00 pm 




tickets

buy tickets







beginning portrait painting


                            throughout this course, you'll delve into the rich tradition of portrait painting, honing your skills in color mixing, brushwork, and composition. under the guidance of the instructor, you'll acquire strategies for organizing visual information and study historic precedents. with the dynamic presence of a live model, you'll explore the interplay of light and shadow, bringing depth and vitality to your portraits. this class provides a supportive environment to develop your artistic voice and master the timeless art of portraiture. 
                        

                            throughout this course, you'll delve into the rich tradition of portrait painting, honing your skills in color mixing, brushwork, and composition. under the guidance of the instructor, you'll acquire strategies for organizing visual information and study historic precedents. with the dynamic presence of a live model, you'll explore the interplay of light and shadow, bringing depth and vitality to your portraits. this class provides a supportive environment to develop your artistic voice and master the timeless art of portraiture. 
                        













i took three watercolor classes at gage (with linda james, stephen reddy, and tom hoffmann) and all have been fantastic.
antonella pavese







stay connected

































gage south lake union2107 westlake ave, seattle wa 98121
gage georgetownat equinox studios6520 5th ave s, seattle wa 98108studios a, b, & c

206.323.4243
info@gageacademy.orggage academy of art is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization, federal tax id# 91-1992593. your donation to gage is tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the law.







programs
adult programs youth programs ateliers open studios 




about
about gage getting to gage board of trustees our staff instructors opportunities financial terms 



stay connected
















                    © 2025 gage academy of art all rights reserved
                

artdynamix® by dream warrior group







×


❮
❯


×


❮
❯



×











we use cookies to enhance your experience. by continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies. learn more


got it!

















 






















