



painting in partnership, chicago's premier house painting contractors | (847)934-8885















































		throughout the process i felt that achieving the 'right look' for a high-end architectural products showroom was just as important to you as it was to me. - richard s. cohen, feather river wood, wilmette





phone: (847)934-8885  |  email: info@paintpartner.com

 
 
 


 













home
painting services

interior painting
exterior painting
color design consulting
wood staining, stain matching and wood toning
deck finishing
concrete finishing
garage door refinishing
front door refinishing
window restoration


painting & decorating

decorative painting and faux finish
murals and mural painting
gilding and metal effect
cabinet refinishing
wallpaper and wall covering
faux bois and wood graining


historic home restoration
"green" painting
about pip

custodial view
craftsmanship
industry leadership and national awards
standardized painting procedures
selecting a contractor
news and articles
paint memorabilia corner
career opportunities
warranty
privacy policy
our affiliations
trusted partners
"the craftsman way" archives
employee portal


blog
video showcase

testimonials
















our promise to you!

peace of mind
pride in the finished work
uncompromised satisfaction

...every time, every craftsman.
at painting in partnership, we paint in partnership with you.
as a team, through the use of color, we create living environments that affirm, nurture and inspire clients and employees alike. in the process, we intend to take the craftsmanship of painting to a new level in the eyes of consumers and painters alike.
that outlook for painting in partnership and our industry inspires everything we do as a team. our aim is to create an outstanding, stress-free painting experience for you, every time.




trust...


maintained a complaint-free status and a1 rating  at bbb for over 20 years
first nationally accredited painting contractor in the u.s.
chosen as 2007 top honoree for residential  painting in "national who's who in the painting industry"



craftsmanship...


recipient of nine interior and exterior national painting awards
pip employee receives national 2009 craftsman-of-the-year award
we follow standardized procedures for our painting operations, modeled after pdca's craftsmanship operating procedures



professionalism...

twenty-year member of the painting and decorating contractors of america (pdca)
we perform background checks and drug testing for new employees
our training program, safety program and management systems ensure dependable quality and outstanding service



















home




painting in partnership creates value for you!









our services and specialties
our services cover a wide range of painting and decorative finishing services, from concept, to repair, restoration, painting and the most elaborate of decorative finishing, inside and outside. 

interior paintingfor a painting experience that will keep you stress-free from start to finish.
learn more 

exterior paintingfor a paint job that will be the envy of the neighborhood and give you the longevity you are looking for.
learn more 

color design consultingfor a color scheme, concepts and ideas to help make your house a home.
learn more 

wood staining and stain matchingfor a perfect blending of colors between new and existing stained wood finishes.
learn more 

deck finishing  for the color of wet wood, all year, while your investment is protected from the elements.
learn more 

concrete finishingfor an opportunity to have your concrete surfaces welcome you home, while being easy to keep clean.
learn more 

decorative painting and faux finishfor added sophistication, design flair and  a “wow” dimension to your decor.
learn more 

murals and mural painting for an opportunity to keep a memory alive, surround yourself with what nurtures you or bring a fantasy to life.
learn more 

gilding and metal effect for the sparkle of the “real thing” or its painted alternatives.
learn more 

wallpaper and wall covering for a perfect installation, when wallpaper is the prescription.
learn more 

cabinet refinishing for a fresh new look and style, at a fraction of the cost of replacement.
learn more 

faux bois and wood graining  for the illusion that your painted trim is rich stained wood.
learn more 

historic home restorationfor being the custodians of the past to the current generation.
learn more 

“green” painting for living up to our responsibility as custodians of the future.
learn more 



 follow 
 











how can we serve you? 
“the craftsman way” 
 subscribe to our newsletter




get painting tips and decorating inspiration, plus special offers from pip, delivered directly to your inbox.
your email

















contact us 
painting in partnership, inc.
518 n. brockway
palatine, il 60067

tel: 847-934-8885
fax: 847-934-8157

email: info@paintpartner.com






our service areas painting in partnership is proud to serve chicago, the north shore and northwest suburbs, including these communities:


arlington heights
glencoe
lake barrington
oak park


barrington hills 
glenview 
lake bluff
oakbrook


barrington shores
hawthorne woods
lake forest
palatine 


barrington
highland park
lake zurich
park ridge 


burr ridge
highwood 
lincolnshire 
riverwoods 


crystal lake
hinsdale
lincolnwood
south barrington 


deer park
inverness
long grove 
tower lakes 


deerfield
kenilworth
north barrington
wilmette 


evanston
kildeer
northbrook 
winnetka 


wheaton
naperville
downers grove
river forest


northfield
wayne
elgin
libertyville


























painting in partnership
		copyright © 2025 all rights reserved	

wordpress site development by web strategy lab 




















