



computer keyboard and computer mouse products to make your life less complicated










phone:
e-mail:
928-639-0161
info request 
 

 




 




quality products and solutions at competitive prices
fentek industries is your single source for computer keyboard and computer mice.don't use those generic peripherals any longer,buy the correct tools to make your life less complicated today!


"we specialize in ergonomic, wireless, and assistive computer input solutions"










custom products-built to suit: 


ergonomic products: 



customized keyboard keys
						custom colored, molded, & custom printed 

ergonomic keyboards 



keytop and keyfront labels 

ergonomic computer mice 



custom built to order keyboards 

adjustable footrest and arm support



custom keyboard templates 

adjustable keyboard trays and drawers 




specialty keyboards:
 


large print/assistive products:
 



wireless keyboards & mice  

large print keytop labels & keyboards 



programmable products
						keyboards, keypads, footswitch, mice 
 
big key keyboard 



language keyboards and
						keytop labels 

hands free mousing 



ipad keyboards andiphone keyboard devices
						 

foot pedals 



dvorak keyboards and
						keytop labels 

keyboard keyguard
						for users with limited motor skills 



mini sized keyboards 


keyboarding enhancement products:
 



trackball / touchpad keyboards 

word processing & ms office
						keyboard templates 



bluetooth keyboards

membrane shield keyboard protectors 



left handed modular keyboards 

other keyboard enhancement products
						key locks, replacement keys, labels, etc. 



point of sale 
						keyboards, keys, templates, and overlays 

dual keyboard and mouse adapters 



illuminated / backlit keyboards 

digimemo digital writing pad 



blank key keyboard & labels
						(for typing training) 

panic buttons and novelty keys 



mac keyboards and mouse products


keypads



water resistant industrial & medical keyboards


 site map









page turning foot pedal - this is a great tool for those who need to remain hands free while reading sheet music, or your favorite ebook.

half qwerty keyboard - for one handed or two handed typing.

wireless mouse products - we carry a great selection of wireless mouse products. cut the cord, go wireless!

assistive keyboard and mouse products - a variety of keyboard and mouse products that provide visual and physical support for ease of computer usage. ideal for the visually impaired or those with limited motor skills.
flexible foldable spillproof computer keyboards in mini size or full
size - water resistant, flexible, dust and contaminant proof. this keyboard can be used in industrial environments, hospitals, libraries, marine and boating applications, or anywhere where dust and liquids are present. the mini size is perfect for school and travel, fitting easily in a briefcase, backpack, or notebook carrying case.
full-featured wireless keyboards - a variety of wireless keyboards that let you access your computer from a distance of up to 100  feet.  radio frequency models can be used from any directional angle. 
no need to point at the computer. 
illuminated keyboards - illuminated keys on a super slim mini or full size keyboard allow you to use your keyboard in the dark. 
digimemo digital writing pad- digitally capture and store everything you write on ordinary paper.






specials-up to 50% off list pricing--order now and save! (while quantities last)
kinesis ergonomic keyboards - minimize the chance of carpel tunnel syndrome or the pain and strain of repetitive stress injuries with the keyboard prescribed by physicians and therapists worldwide. sale pricing! free u.s. shipping!
 3m rennaissance vertical ergonomic mouse - winner of pc magazines' technical innovations award.  proven to alleviate mouse induced repetitive stress injury.  special- $35.95 off list!
international language keyboards - up to $30 off list    all available at special discounts. 

no hands mouse - the nohands mouse is the most effective foot-controlled mouse ever developed. this mouse eliminates mouse induced stress on the delicate hand-wrist area by moving mouse control to the
feet. 
programmable keyboard - we are pleased to offer a selection of the most popular programmable keyboards at special savings. for persons who want to simplify and save time, or for point of sale applications, programmable keys allow you to launch your favorite programs with one key press.
mini keyboard - conforming to the trend of miniaturization, these full function keyboards have full size keys, but models are available that are as small as 11.6 inches by 4.3
inches in size for significant desktop space savings and briefcase portability.
keyboard trays and drawers - adjustable ergonomic keyboard trays by 3m not only save desk space but provide optimum wrist positioning to reduce the chance of carpal tunnel injury. up to 50% off list plus free shipping!



for further information or to place an order please call us at 928-639-0161, or complete the order form or information request form by clicking below.






   







fentek industries inc. is a ccr-registered gsa supplierduns: 884479452cage: 060y9











follow fentek industries













1042 n. main street, cottonwood, arizona, 86326 usalocated in historical old town cottonwood
		          showroom open by appointment only, monday thru thursday 9 - 4



© 2023 fentek industries, inc.quality computer input solutions!






