     cleveland group dealer in brecksville oh | akron aurora westlake group dealership ohio                                       















ken ganley automotive group























8748 brecksville road suite 210
brecksville, oh 44141
                            







locations







community news





















ken ganley automotive group











 
locations





ken ganley alfa romeo of akron







ken ganley alfa romeo of bedford







ken ganley bmw of middleburg heights







ken ganley bmw of westlake














ken ganley cdjr of aurora














ken ganley cdjr of bedford














ken ganley cdjr norwalk














ken ganley cdjr mentor







ken ganley central cadillac







ken ganley chevrolet of aurora







ken ganley chevrolet of brook park







serpentini chevrolet of medina







serpentini chevrolet of strongsville







serpentini chevrolet of westlake







serpentini chevrolet of willoughby hills







ken ganley fiat bedford







ken ganley ford norton







ken ganley ford west







ken ganley genesis of parma












ganley buick gmc












ken ganley buick gmc







ken ganley honda north olmsted







ken ganley hyundai norwalk







ken ganley hyundai of parma







ken ganley westside hyundai







ken ganley bedford imports







ken ganley westside imports







ken ganley kia medina







ken ganley kia mentor







ken ganley kia clarksburg







ken ganley kia alliance







ken ganley kia boardman







ken ganley kia new port richey







ken ganley lincoln of middleburg heights







maserati of akron







maserati of cleveland







ken ganley mercedes-benz of akron







ken ganley mayfield nissan







ken ganley nissan medina







ken ganley performance nissan of pompano







ken ganley subaru wickliffe







ken ganley subaru of bedford







ken ganley subaru north olmsted







ken ganley toyota pittsburgh







ken ganley toyota akron







ken ganley toyota of kent







ken ganley vw of bedford







ken ganley vw north olmsted







cleveland motorsports







rolls-royce cleveland







aston martin cleveland







bentley cleveland







ken ganley auto outlet







ken ganley auto sales








                  new   search inventory   shop new vehicles by body style   shop new vehicles by manufacturer   shop new trucks   shop new suvs   shop new evs   shop new high line   vanquish pre-order     pre-owned   pre-owned   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   shop pre-owned trucks   shop pre-owned suvs   shop pre-owned evs   shop pre-owned high line   vehicles under 15k     research   2025 buick encore gx    2025 cadillac xt5    2025 chevrolet silverado 1500    2025 ford explorer    2025 genesis gv70    2025 gmc sierra 1500    2025 kia sorento    2025 toyota camry      sell/trade   ken ganley buying center   get your trade value now     commercial   shop new commercial vehicles   shop pre-owned commercial vehicles     ev   shop new electric vehicles   shop pre-owned electric vehicles     finance   finance locations   protection plans     service & parts   service locations   world oem parts     collision   collision centers     about   our locations   careers   why work with us?    about ken ganley   what's new at ken ganley?   our blog   community partners                      home   new   search inventory   shop new vehicles by body style   shop new vehicles by manufacturer   shop new trucks   shop new suvs   shop new evs   shop new high line   vanquish pre-order     pre-owned   pre-owned   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   shop pre-owned trucks   shop pre-owned suvs   shop pre-owned evs   shop pre-owned high line   vehicles under 15k     research   2025 buick encore gx    2025 cadillac xt5    2025 chevrolet silverado 1500    2025 ford explorer    2025 genesis gv70    2025 gmc sierra 1500    2025 kia sorento    2025 toyota camry      sell/trade   ken ganley buying center   get your trade value now     commercial   shop new commercial vehicles   shop pre-owned commercial vehicles     ev   shop new electric vehicles   shop pre-owned electric vehicles     finance   finance locations   protection plans     service & parts   service locations   world oem parts     collision   collision centers     about   our locations   careers   why work with us?    about ken ganley   what's new at ken ganley?   our blog   community partners            












    12579 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any price search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new used      search       













9642
new vehicles


9642
new vehicles




1065
certified pre-owned


1065
certified pre-owned




2937
pre-owned vehicles


2937
pre-owned vehicles




54 
stores


54 
stores






      search new inventory     search used inventory        

shop ken ganley by brand












































































































































































shop all makes
     
                 



select a body style




sedan





coupe





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan





     
ken ganley community









what's new











our partners











involvement





      

ken ganley buying center
we want to buy your vehicle even if you don't buy from us! if you are looking to sell your car, truck or suv, the ken ganley buying center has the most competitive offers for your vehicle!

how it works


       












high mileage vehicle service plan











term care select plan











care free paint protection











extended service contracts











prepaid maintenance











tire & wheel protection bundles










appearance protection plans










wear protection service







     


join our team







about ken ganley auto group
at the ken ganley auto group, we believe that our people are our most important assets, along with our culture of leadership, integrity, customer focus, and teamwork. 
learn more







why work with us
we are proud to offer best-in-class pay plans, benefits packages, advancement opportunities, and professional training and development.
learn more







positions
with ongoing training, our variable team, which includes guest services, business development, sales etc. shares a commitment to customer satisfaction.
learn more




     

welcome to

the ken ganley automotive group is the fastest-growing dealership group in northeast ohio and beyond! we currently rank #1 in ohio and #14 in the country. our group is a collection of best-in-class dealerships that offers over 12,600 new, certified, and pre-owned vehicles. with 25 makes to choose from, so you will always find the vehicle you have been searching for. 
at the ken ganley auto group, we believe that our people are our most important assets, along with our culture of leadership, integrity, customer focus, and teamwork. our people are the foundation of our brand, and our success is dependent on preserving our reputation of respect and quality. we are a company that believes in our core values and upholds them through great people, high standards, and best practices. the core values of our organization are what shape every action we take and every decision that is made.

ken ganley auto group team members are empowered and trained to be leaders within our organization. leadership means we treat everyone we interact with respectfully and work with one customer at a time – knowing their time and opinions are valuable and worth our undivided attention. we strive to always move forward and continue to be leaders in the markets we represent.
additionally, we are defined by our integrity. we believe in doing what is right for our fellow team members, our customers, and our corporate partners. we are responsible and professional, and handle every experience honestly and with class. together, we have created an image that has resulted in a positive public perception. the image of a leader. the perception of integrity.
our customers are our #1 priority. we treat them like family, working hard to exceed their expectations. we are committed to continuing our tradition of success, performance, and quality customer service. our team members are entrusted to make sure each and every customer feels valued and listened to. when a customer enters our dealerships, they know they will have a dependable, quality experience every time.
teamwork is an essential component of the ken ganley auto group. together, everyone achieves more. we work as a team, best utilizing our individual talents and skills to reach a common goal. we pride ourselves on holding each other accountable to high standards of excellence. we work together to ensure customer needs are met and expectations are exceeded.
the automotive industry is rapidly progressing, and ken ganley auto group prides itself on its grass-roots foundation and core values. every day, we take the initiative to find ways to achieve success through simpler, better, and leaner processes. we work daily to invest in the improvement of our team members and develop resources to offer opportunities for personal and professional growth and development. we strive for excellence in all that we do.

read more


     









follow us on social media


                            




    




our inventory

new vehicles
used vehicles
certified
pre-owned
priced under 15k



service & parts

service locations
world oem parts
collision center
 



financing

finance locations
protection plans
ken ganley buying center
get your trade value



about us

our locations
about us
community news
careers




            copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | ken ganley automotive group | 8748 brecksville road suite 210, brecksville, oh 44141             



















       