









tims ford lake real estate | sam hatfield tims ford lake realty | tims ford lake homes













































skip to content



welcome to sam hatfield realty your source for tims ford lake real estate services for 24 years!
providing services for | tims ford lake homes for sale | tims ford lake lots for sale | and all your tims ford lake real estate needs








home
listings


lake homes
lake view homes
lake front lots
lake view lots
twin creeks
reserve at holiday landing
residential
land-lots-farms
commercial
mls search


services


property management
sams storage


about us


meet our staff
dakota’s corner


testimonials
local info


community links
local partners


mailing list







 
how can we help you today?












tims ford lake listings
tims ford lake real estate listings

							view tims ford lake real estate listings
					



property management
let us manage your tims ford lake property and you can spend your time enjoying the lake!  we provide many services including property checks, home cleaning, trash removal, food stocking and boat services.

							learn more
					



sam’s storage
do you need a place to store your boat or rv in the off season?  sams storage provides your choice of enclosed, covered, or open storage options.

							learn more
					



 why choose sam hatfield realty as your tims ford lake specialist?
celebrating 24 years serving tims ford lake!
providing knowledgeable and professional service!
our history
sam hatfield has been working with tims ford lake enthusiasts since 1996 when he began selling boats at then tri-lakes marine.  in 2001, sam began his real estate career with a small office tucked inside tri-lakes marine, later to become tracker boating center.  by 2005, the real estate business had grown and made necessary a move to our current location on mansford road.  strategically, our office is located in the midst of tims ford lake life – near tims ford state park, bear trace golf course, and near tims ford marina.
so, why choose sam and the staff of sam hatfield realty?

 sam has a vast knowledge of the lake – its demographics and property values
sam has a vast network of potential customers – 24 years in real estate

sam focuses only on tims ford lake real estate

sam has a referral network of independent contractors for home maintenance, lawn care, and personal watercraft maintenance
as a result of the above, sam (individually) was the leading producer of real estate sales in franklin county .  sam hatfield realty continues to be the leading company in real estate sales production for franklin county.
sam hatfield – realty property management is available to manage your lake property
sam hatfield – tims ford vacation rentals offers vacation lodging (many become property owners)
sam hatfield – storage – offers storage for your personal watercraft, campers, rvs
sam hatfield realty has chosen to remain a small, independently owned company – therefore, allowing us to offer personal and professional service.

sam is “all over it” – tims ford lake
sams storage is located less than one mile from our office.  sam’s storage provides storage location provides storage for boats, trailers, campers, and recreational vehicles (rv).  our real estate office is strategically located within 200 yards of tims ford marina and within 100 yards of tims ford state park.  our physical location and our vast network of lake property owners and visitors, validates the claim of sam being a true tims ford lake specialist.
branded as a premier tims ford lake real estate company, sam hatfield realty continues to grow our customer base with new and repeat customers.  referrals are our “lifeline” and we strive to treat our customers as good or better after the sale!  our lakefront vacation rental business enjoys repeat visitors to the lake – and some vacationers become lake property owners.   our many repeat real estate and vacation rental customers are a true testament to the professional and courteous service that our clients have come to know. sam hatfield realty has become known as your one-stop shopping experience for tims ford lake enjoyment!!
strategically, we have remained a small, independently owned firm – one that can withstand the fluctuations of the economy and one that can offer the personal, knowledgeable, and friendly service that has built our “rock solid’ foundation. sam hatfield and staff strive to make your experience with sam hatfield realty – one of complete satisfaction and stress-free.   we hope to see you on the lake – where every day is a holiday!!!
 our mission:  to provide a friendly service of utmost professional quality.







our motto:
“your needs are our business”  whether you are a first time buyer or an experienced investor, you will find useful information for making an informed real estate decision in today’s market. if you currently own property and are thinking of placing it on the market, this site contains information about preparing your home for sale, selecting the right agent, pricing your home appropriately, marketing it effectively, going through the inspection processes, and receiving a timely market analysis.
thank you for visiting our webpage.  we trust our company can be of assistance to you – whether your desires are to buy or sell real estate, enjoy a vacation on the lake, or allow us to manage your property.   please contact us – we will take it from there!!!  
 

							contact us
					









follow us


contact usemailhatfield@realtracs.comphone(931) 968-0500address4470 mansford rd.
winchester , tn 37398









	copyright © 2022 tims ford lake real estate | sam hatfield tims ford lake realty license# 258535 | tims ford lake homes | powered by web assist solutions











