






mike's gym - the home for health & fitness














































skip to content 





 





 
menu 
home
blog
buying guides
 









mike’s gym
helping you be the best you can be by gym & fitness

welcome to mike’s gym!
we pride ourselves on a place where people can better their health and fitness through many different avenues.
we have experience in many different fields of fitness including olympic weightlifting, crossfit, power lifting, traditional lifting, bodybuilding & many other areas of fitness.
you can find everything at mike’s gym.
this includes things like weightlifting programming, mikes fitness equipment review, mike burgener gym, help with technique and many other types of gems.
we look forward to helping you meet your goals and giving you all of our best tips when it comes to the fitness game.


read the blog



you’ll keep working harder. we’ll keep bring you the best fitness tips & trustworthy reviews.

elliptical 
fitness tracker
vibration
squat rack
weight bench
foam roller
glute machine
row machine



 
 

top 10 best compact home gyms for 2022 
 
 

top 11 cheap adjustable dumbbells to buy in 2022 
 
 

top 12 best exercise bike to lose weight for 2022 
 
 

how to get a smaller rib cage? 5 exercises & best tips 
 
 

how to get rid of hip dips in a week? 18 best exercises 
 
 

how to lose crotch fat at home? top 8 exercises 
 
 

best crossfit grips to buy in 2021 (newest) 
 
 

olympic weightlifting program basics 
 
 

what is the burgener warm up? (ultimate guide) 
 
 

can i do cardio with elliptical while pregnant? safety tips included 
 
 

cross trainer workouts: free plan & 10 ways to boost your results 
 
 

elliptical muscles worked. tips for getting the most out of your elliptical workouts 


read more

 











helporder status
delivery
returns
contact us
 contact us: mike@mikesgym.org

 

aboutcareers
investors
 

follow 






privacy policy
terms of use
 

					2024 © by mike's gym				





















