



jeremy's the sims pages








 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




 
 
 


jeremy's the sims stuff 
well, it appears
        maxis might eventually be releasing edith (basically the
        editor for the sims, more or less), so my boycott is off.
        i doubt it was effective in maxis's decision, but....

ack! i'm an idiot! after about a years absence i had
        starting making paintings again. at first i couldn't
        remember exactly how, so i figured it out from scratch.
        then i looked at my tutorial. for some really stupid
        reason, i had done things incorrectly in my tutorial
        (could have had something to do with the fact i was
        bedridden with pneumonia when i made it, and just a
        little delirious). rather than skewing, then resizing,
        and seeing if it fits, simply resize first, then skew.
        easier because you know the skew angle. 

[ new
        ] [ help
        ] [ links
        ] [ painting
        tutorial ] [ customizing sims clothes
        ] 
updated
        january 8th, 2002 (sim skin workshop program updated)




 
mostly being a page to house the
        paintings i've made using the transmogrifier, as well as
        some other stuff. 


 

nicholas poussin gallery
- paintings by the great 17th century artist.



 

da vinci
        gallery - paintings by leonardo da vinci



landscape
        gallery - various landscapes by various
        artists


 

portrait/people
        gallery - various portraits (or at least,
        pictures whose primary subject is people or angels or
        mythological critters) by various artists


 

misc
        painting gallery - pictures that defy
        categorization. 
        features dogs playing poker and hieronymous bosch


 

ancients
        gallery - ancient art


 

female
        skins and heads - nothing terribly good.
        mostly just cut and paste and recoloring jobs done on the
        skins/heads that came with the game.



 

male skins and heads
        - ditto. only this case even less exciting for the most
        part, as i mostly made various incarnations of me.


 

more female skins
        (slightly better) - mostly ones i had submitted to the
        sims resource under a pseudonym


 

celebrity skins
        - not all that many, just 3. christina applegate, jayne
        heitmeyer, and jessica alba.


 

other
        objects i've made. mostly lights and light
        related. (that's a wall light, not a frisbee or ufo. 



sim skin
        workshop - sort of an ambitious title, but
        basically it's a windoze program that alters skins
        quickly and easily. basically it copys and pastes regions
        from one skin to another, and has a few accessories like
        shoes built in that it will add to a skin. (needs the vb
        6.0 runtime files, which you will have if you have the
        sims edit...)


 


important!
don't use gozilla (or possibly any other download manager) to
download from the 50 megs site. 
it doesn't always handle
downloads from this site correctly, and will result in corrupt
zips (it adds some bytes to the begining)
if you can't (or don't want to) disable it,
try
my mirror at http://jersthesims.terrashare.com/
note - the painting
tutorial may take a while to load if you have a dial-up modem 

[ new
] [ help
] [ links
] [ painting tutorial
] [ skew guide
] [ customizing sims
clothes ] 

copyright notice: as far as i know, all
the paintings and artwork i've used on this page were made by
long dead artists, and thus in the public domain. other images
are based on material from the sims from maxis/electronic arts. -
jeremy
thanks: don hopkins for creating the
transmogrifier, which made all this possible. brenda, for
creating a lovely web site when she really didn't have the time,
and everyone in the sims newsgroups (well, almost everyone. like
everywhere else, there are a couple jerks). not to mention will
wright and maxis for creating the sims in the first place. they
might be a bit weaselly in releasing sim tools and technical
infomation and playing favoritism games, but they put a lot of
effort into making the game and making it customizable. 








