ï»¿

sweetzfree no calorie sweetener









no calories!
      no carbs!
      no maltodextrin 
 

 






























the  
		very best in sweet flavoring 

			
			
      	
      	 is:
		100% no calories, no carbs, no maltodextrin fillers


      	 * the only sucralose based sweetening syrup available, with absolutely 
		no extra ingredients, no preservatives, no sodium benzoate,
		 no fillers or additives of any kind!*
      	we are pure and unadulterated!
 

			attention canadian customers
			 


			please read our shipping notice on order page for additional information
			 






	*visit and sign our guestbook*

		see our wonderful testimonials from happy customers





check out our recipe page

		*new amazing recipe* november 23, 2017

		for some news on new recipes and your chance to share!





have you ever wanted 
        to create sweet treats that don't add extra calorie rich sugar to your 
        diets? 

 are you on a weight 
        loss program, where you want to limit your sugar intake?  


have you ever tried to 
        sweeten a beverage like ice tea with packet sweeteners, that seem to 
        never dissolve? 

do you avoid the 
        current store bought granular sweeteners because they are filled with 
        maltodextrin, which has calories, and metabolizes as sugar?


do you count carbs  
        and/or pay attention to the glycemic index of foods to live a carb smart 
        lifestyle ? 

are you diabetic and 
        need to control your sugar intake? 


have you had weight 
		loss surgery, and need to curtail all sugar intake?

can you answer yes to 
        any of these questions, yet hate to give up that delightful sweet tooth 
        that keeps you happy and not deprived? 



      well if so, then you are in luck! we have created a truly unique and 
      remarkably, yet simple product that will solve all of the above. 
sweetzfree
is a clear liquid syrup base, highly 
      concentrated, and made solely from 100% pure sucralose in a purified water 
      concentrate. it dissolves fully and instantly in any food or beverage. it 
      is so highly concentrated, that you use very little. sweetzfree can be 
      used in cooking, baking, desserts, beverages, or anywhere else you use 
      sugar or other sweet flavoring substances. sweetzfree, no matter how much 
      you use, or how sweet you make things, adds absolutely no calories, no 
      carbs, and no maltodextrin fillers, or anything else to your sweet 
      creations other than a totally naturally sweet taste!

sweetzfree 
is available in 4 convenient , concentrated sizes. 
		2dram 2 pack with travel pouches, 1 
      ounce, the equivalent of 24 cups of sugar, 2 ounces, the equivalent of 48 
      cups of sugar, or 4 ounces, the equivalent of 96 cups of sugar. the 1 and 
      2 ounce bottles are in a new, convenient dropper squeeze bottle, that can 
      go anywhere with you. the 4 ounce size is sent in a twist top dispenser 
      bottle. . 

sweetzfree 
      is so concentrated, you only need 1 drop to equal the sweetness of 
      approximately 1.5 teaspoons of sugar. or, 1/4 teaspoon to equal the 
      sweetness of 1 cup of sugar. 
visit 
      our
      order page, 
      for prices and available sizes today!
for 
      any other information, or alternative shipping and ordering options, 
      please email me at:

sales@sweetzfree.com






