




api integration platform | software ag



















































the streamsets and webmethods platforms have now been acquired by ibm 




learn more







































					
					products
						








back

					






		what do you want to do today?
	











enterprise applications


use adabas & natural to build and deploy high-performance applications on ibm z®, linux or cloud while connecting seamlessly to the latest innovations.
















business process management & process mining



use aris to streamline your processes, gain complete control over your business ops—and become a champion of efficiency.





















data virtualization & movement



use connx to easily access, virtualize and move your data—wherever it is, however it’s structured—to power new apps, analytics, ai and hybrid cloud.
















looking for something else?


we will work with you to help you solve your next digital transformation challenge. let’s talk!

















			what makes us different
		















one partner, unlimited potential 


in this multi-cloud, ecosystem-driven world, you can't afford to work with one-hit wonders. see where we rank across categories in gartner magic quadrant reports.













					
					resources
						








back

					







        explore










blog



what's new and noteworthy in digital transformation










developer center




a one-stop-shop for developer resources










communities




connect and collaborate with your peers










upcoming webinars & events




expert guidance on tech trends and tactics










education & training




learn and get certified on our products










news center




the latest news and media resources








        learn







resource library








customer stories








on-demand webinars









free trials









articles









demos









datasheets









videos









white papers












		hot off the press
	









aris is a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for process mining platforms



read the report











compare vendors in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for industrial iot platforms



read the report












					
					customers
						








back

					















customer stories











services











support











education & training











trust portal
















community











support portal











global ambassador program











		featured
	















read real stories of digital transformation from real customers.


read all customer stories

















get the most from your product through an intensive engagement with our team of services experts.



see our fast track services












					
					partners
						








back

					







        for partners










become a partner










sign into partner hub









        looking for a partner?










partner program overview










find a partner











		featured
	

















our partners are your partners


tap the software ag partner ecosytem to bring your next big idea to life.













					
					developers
						








back

					















developer center










tech community











user groups










documentation & learning











free trials











		featured
	















collaborate (and connect!) with your peers. ask and answer questions in our tech community.


visit tech community

















get everything you need to get the most out of your products, all in one place.


access the developer center













region changer







































selecting a region changes the language and/or content of this page.










                            international
                            (english)




                            brasil | 
portuguese




                            france | 
french




                            deutschland | 
german




                            日本語 | 
japanese




                            대한민국 | 
korean




                            españa | 
spanish











schedule a demo






contact us








































                            app & data integration
                        








capabilities








                                            application integration
                                        

                                            data integration
                                        

                                            api management
                                        

                                            b2b integration
                                        

                                            event integration
                                        








solutions








                                            banking
                                        

                                            manufacturing
                                        

                                            logistics
                                        

                                            retail
                                        

                                            insurance
                                        

                                            utilities
                                        

                                            communications
                                        

                                            marketing
                                        

                                            sales
                                        

                                            finance
                                        








streamsets resources








                                            blog
                                        

                                            community
                                        

                                            documentation
                                        

                                            education
                                        

                                            streamsets 30 day free trial
                                        



























 webmethods + streamsets

meet the last integration platform you'll ever need



get the unified ipaas that allows you to integrate anything, anywhere, any way you want.











schedule a demo




what's a super ipaas?




























         make sense of the integration chaos
      

         the world needs more connection, not more chaos. connect everything across your enterprise using a unified platform to deliver experiences your customers, partners and employees will love. integrate effortlessly in a hybrid multicloud world, across geographies and teams. period.












































application integration



connect your applications—in the cloud, on prem, and everywhere in between.  





learn more
 


































data integration



                build data pipelines that are repeatable and automatically adapt to change.




learn more
 


































api management



                manage and optimize apis throughout the whole api lifecycle—clear, simple and secure.




learn more
 


































b2b integration



                work hand-in-hand with any partner, supplier, or customer without worrying whether your systems and processes are compatible.




learn more
 


































event integration



                make the real-time connections you need to operate in an event-driven architecture.




learn more
 



























         what do you want to integrate today?
      
















































































         what makes us different 
      
































                    develop once, deploy anywhere
                


            use your preferred tooling to design, develop, and deploy integrations anywhere, without having to build the same thing twice.






















                    single pane of glass
                


            a single view to monitor, manage and operate integrations, apis, or data pipelines.



see it in action





















                    data integration + application integration
                


            access any data source—business apps, databases, mainframes, events, apis, big data—to drive analytics that can turn data into decisions.



see it in action





















                    unified integration platform
                


            with webmethods, you get a unified ipaas experience across application, api, and b2b integration so users only have to learn to use a single platform.






















                    composable architecture
                


            quickly assemble api and event-enabled building blocks so you can say “yes” to real-time business demands and better experiences for customers, employees and partners.






















                    generative ai integration builder
                


            allow anyone in your org to create integrations simply by asking through a simple natural language interface. 



meet webmethods ai





see it in action











































                see it for yourself!
            

                schedule a personalized demo of webmethods + streamsets to see how you can start integrating anything, anywhere, any way you want.










schedule a demo










































"with a powerful and open hybrid integration platform we’re about to go from integrating everything to being able to offer our customers anything."



– kevin li, integration solution architect, komatsu australia










read the story



























“webmethods allowed us to unveil new digital products and services that are faster, more secure and enable a vastly improved digital shopping experience.”



– dries vanmarcke, technical integration architect, colruyt group











read the story



























“streamsets allows me to provide stable, sustainable data operations on top of both a self-service and professional platform and to operate this at scale.”



– dan jeavons, general manager of data science, shell











read the story
























see all customer stories











read customer reviews





















         we're here to help!
      

         it’s not just a platform. it’s an entire ecosystem of support, resources and people who care.
      











































developer center



                everything you need to understand our platform. product details, documentation, an enthusiastic user community, and links to free trial.




learn more
 


































partners



                get results faster by working with one of our 400+ business and technology partners.




learn more
 


































certification



                a free learning portal and digital badging for all of our customers.




learn more
 


































professional services



                you’re not alone. meet our 1,500+ professional services experts who are 100% committed to your success.




learn more
 



























         you may also like:
      
















































guide


the super ipaas: a revolution in ai-enabled, enterprise integration



                genai may be a dream come true for many knowledge workers, but for it it is becoming a nightmare. safeguard against the chaos by integrating everything (apps, data and apis) with a new category of platform - called a super ipaas. 




read guide
 

































analyst report


the forrester wave: integration platforms as a service, q3 2023



                find an ipaas solution that is right for your integration needs. dive in to see why software ag’s webmethods is a leader with the highest score in both the “current offering” and “strategy” categories.




read the infographic
 

































white paper


the five roadblocks to integration productivity in a hybrid cloud world



                the cloud is full of promise, but also full of complexity for the modern enterprise. running smoothly in a hybrid multi-cloud world requires a smart approach to integration – but the integration platforms of today may not be able to get the job done. 




read white paper
 







































white paper


overcoming the chaos of connectivity: 2024 reality check insights



                explore the 2024 reality check on managing the chaos of connectivity in businesses - and how a strategic approach to integration is the answer.




read white paper
 







































                integrate anything. anywhere. any way you want.


                easily integrate your applications, data, b2b, events and apis across your entire organization.










schedule a demo




try for free

























wait, what's a super ipaas?


see our vision










yesterday’s integration solutions aren’t ready to solve tomorrow’s problems. we are building a new category of integration solutions that integrates anything, anywhere, any way you want.









































welcome









                analysts
            



                developers
            



                investors
            



                partners
            



                press
            



                government
            



                job seekers
            






discover









                about software ag
            



                services
            



                training
            



                resource library
            



                blog
            



                trust portal
            



                research
            



                sustainability/esg
            



                industry awards
            






connect









                contact us
            



                get support
            



                find a partner
            



                join a community
            



                attend an event
            



                subscribe to updates
            



                find us
            



                connect with user groups
            



                reporting system
            











                    reality check 2024: a new wave of technology chaos
                

                    a chaos of connectivity is putting businesses at risk
                














the name software ag and all software ag product names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of software ag and/or its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates and/or their licensors. other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.













© 2020-2025 software gmbh

social responsibility


terms of use


imprint


privacy


responsible disclosure policy



cookie preferences 

















































































































































ics


jpg


pdf


wrd


xls







