


the 13th juror


















 http://www.one.org






	the 13th juror
	



monday, april 04, 2016



	 
	 denying housing over criminal record may be discrimination, feds say
	 
    
it may be getting easier for people with criminal records to find housing.

in new guidance, the department of housing and urban development tells landlords that turning down tenants or buyers based on their criminal records may violate the fair housing act.

people with criminal records aren't a protected class under the fair housing act, and the guidance from hud's general counsel says that in some cases, turning down an individual tenant because of his or her record can be legally justified.

but blanket policies of refusing to rent to anybody with a criminal record are de facto discrimination, the department says — because of the systemic disparities of the american criminal justice system.

read the npr report here.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 5:29 pm
6 comments






friday, december 26, 2014



	 
	 omg! homeless people are sleepingand bathing at the orlando airport
	 
    
some orlando airport employees have contacted the media to report that homeless people are using the airport's first level to sleep and even bathe in the public bathrooms -- and that's upsetting travelers.

"it is an issue," said norma mccann, who's on vacation from west virginia. "they're going to starting picking up people's things that walk away for a second. it's just extra people being in a place they don't belong."

airport officials said that although people coming in and sleeping in the airport is not a growing problem, they did see an "increase in instances."

in the past week, four people were asked to leave the airport and given a bus pass to do so.

read the news13 report here.

actually, it's been known among homeless folks for a long time that the airport is a pretty good place to clean up and to get some rest, so long as you are reasonably presentable and can pass for a tourist. 

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 9:34 pm
3 comments






friday, december 05, 2014



	 
	 outrage forces marseille to scrap yellow triangle ids
	 
    
authorities in marseille were blasted for its plan to issue its homeless with id cards featuring yellow triangles that detail their health issues. 

although the initiative was aimed at making it easier for health workers to know what they were dealing with in emergency situations, human rights groups and government ministers were equally outraged, comparing the cards to the nazi-era yellow star of david that was sewn onto jewish people’s clothes during the holocaust.

and the uproar put an end to the scheme on friday when authorities in marseille confirmed that they were scrapping the plan.

read the report in the local here. and see previous post here.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 9:57 pm
4 comments






thursday, december 04, 2014



	 
	 french homeless forced to wear 'yellow triangles'
	 
    
arnaud, a homeless man, wears the controversial yellow triangle. photo: afp/anne-christine poujoul.

authorities in france’s second-largest city have come under fire for issuing its homeless with id cards that detail their health issues. 

human rights groups and government ministers have slammed the “yellow triangle cards”, comparing them to the nazi-era star of david that was sewn onto jewish people’s clothes during the holocaust.

“this is scandalous, it’s stigmatizing,” said christophe louis, president of the homeless charity collectif morts de la rue. “being identified by either a star or a triangle is horrific.”

french human rights group la ligue des droits de l’homme said it was troubled by the resemblance “of this card and the yellow star that the jews had to wear during world war ii.” president françois hollande’s government in paris has also reacted sharply to the initiative.

read the report in the local here.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 9:49 pm
3 comments






friday, november 14, 2014



	 
	 you can't get food in florida but you can shower in the vatican
	 
    
the vatican has announced that pope francis plans to build showers for the homeless in st. peter's square.

the endeavor is a joint project being undertaken by francis and archbishop konrad krajewski, the papal almoner who, according to religion news service, is responsible for overseeing charitable acts on behalf of the pope.

the vatican's deputy spokesman, the rev. ciro benedettini, said that construction on showers is scheduled to begin next week. the showers would be added to renovated public restrooms located near the marble columns that led into the basilica, which dated back to 1626.

from talking points memo.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 12:53 am
2 comments






monday, november 10, 2014



	 
	 california city bans homeless from sleeping outside: if they leave, ‘then that’s their choice’
	 
    
two ordinances aimed at clearing out the homeless population have been passed unanimously by the city council of manteca, california.

one will ban people from sleeping or setting up encampments on any public or private property as of december 4, although the homeless won’t be jailed or fined. it will, however, allow the police to tear down any homeless sleeping areas as soon as they appear without having to be invited by the property owner, as was the case previously.

explaining why the ordinance is necessary, police chief nick obligacion said, “the goal is actually to correct the wrong. so, if the correction is them leaving manteca, then that’s their choice.” he also opposes any sort of shelter for the homeless.

the other ordinance bans public urination and defecation, but also comes after the city temporarily closed public restrooms in a park, a location often used by the homeless to relieve themselves in private.

read more at think progress.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 1:14 am
1 comments






tuesday, september 30, 2014



	 
	 “why do they waste their money on junk food?” if you've ever said that, you need to read this
	 
    
as a nation, we’re slowly realizing that whole, fresh foods are good for you and that cooking at home can save you money and provide you with better nutrition.

overall, this is a great trend. it’s becoming easier and more common to get fresh food, whole foods, local foods, and organic foods.

unfortunately, though, this shift in culture has also begun to produce a toxic byproduct: better-than-thou attitudes and judgments about low-income people’s decisions about food.

“why do they waste their money on junk food?” “why doesn’t she cook for her children?” “ugh, look, he’s buying his toddler a happy meal.”

many of us have thought things like this or heard other people say things like this. we are very concerned with how poor people (or people we assume are poor) spend money on food.

the truth is, though, we rarely have all the facts when we judge these people. let’s change that. read more at everyday feminism.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 8:41 pm
4 comments






friday, june 20, 2014



	 
	 la's homeless allowed to live in cars, appeals court rules
	 
    
a federal appeals court has struck down los angeles’ ban on homeless people living in vehicles, declaring that the law “opens the door to discriminatory enforcement” against the poor.

a three-judge panel of the 9th circuit court of appeals unanimously ruled that the city’s ordinance, which bans people from living in cars or recreational vehicles on city streets or in parking lots, is unconstitutionally vague.

“this broad and cryptic statute criminalizes innocent behavior, making it impossible for citizens to know how to keep their conduct within the pale,” judge harry pregerson wrote for the court.

the ban “is broad enough to cover any driver in los angeles who eats food or transports personal belongings in his or her vehicle,” the court said. “it appears to be applied only to the homeless.”

the ordinance can be violated even if somebody is not found sleeping in a vehicle and even if the car is not filled with loads of personal belongings, the court said. “there is no way to know what is required” to violate it, pregerson wrote.

despite attempts by the homeless to comply with the law, “there appears to be nothing they can do to avoid violating the statute short of discarding all of their possessions or their vehicles, or leaving los angeles,” the ruling said.

read the los angeles times report here. read the court's decision here.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 9:03 pm
1 comments






saturday, june 07, 2014



	 
	 if homeless people had a safe place to live, taxpayers could save millions
	 
    
in a world where money talks, evidence that putting a roof over someone's head is a boon to city budgets could be the incentive cities need to build housing for the homeless.

researchers at the university of north carolina–charlotte's department of social work have found that housing constructed specifically for homeless people saved the city millions.

providing housing at an 85-unit facility called moore place resulted in 447 fewer visits to emergency rooms and 372 fewer days spent in hospitals. that alone saved the city $1.8 million -- which makes plenty of sense. when people aren't exposed to danger from criminals or animals, and they don't get sick from sleeping in a doorway on a cold night, they're bound to be healthier.

law enforcement costs were also reduced. providing housing to moore place residents resulted in an incredible "78 percent drop in arrests and 84 percent fewer days spent in jail."

although other housing facilities often require tenants to be sober before moving in, moore place is grounded in the "housing first" concept. the idea is that individuals with mental health or addiction issues are more likely to be able to deal with those issues if they have a stable home base.

read the christian science monitor report here.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 10:10 pm
0 comments






thursday, june 05, 2014



	 
	 almost half of homeless men had a previous brain injury
	 
    
a new study of homeless men found that 45% of the subjects surveyed had experienced traumatic brain injuries in the past.

“you could see how it would happen,” says jane topolovec-vranic, a researcher in trauma and neurosurgery at st. michael’s hospital in toronto. “you have a concussion, and you can’t concentrate or focus. their thinking abilities and personalities change. they can’t manage at work, and they may lose their job, and eventually lose their families. and then it’s a negative spiral” — a spiral that, for the men in the study, ends up in a homeless shelter.

there’s no clear data on how prevalent tbi is in the general population, which makes it difficult to say for sure whether the homeless men in the study were injured at an unusually high rate.

read the time article here.

posted by jacqueline dowd @ 9:51 pm
2 comments










a poverty lawyer (and, by the way, law professor)  comments on social justice issues, news and court decisions ... with a few other random thoughts thrown in here and there

about me

name:  jacqueline dowd 
location:  orlando, florida, united states 
view my complete profile








help support idignity! people without photo id have difficulty accessing the critical services and benefits that help move people off the streets and out of poverty. help us eliminate the barriers that are forcing people to live on the streets. make a donation that will help one person – or 10 – get the photo id that will enable them to access critical, life-sustaining services.

legal advocacy at work is a registered florida non-profit corporation that provides legal services to homeless people.

       







fun links

 giveaway of the day
homelessness: it's no game (but this is a game!)
i'm quoted in reader's digest!
the florida memory project: historic photos, florida folk music and more
namevoyager (how popular is your name? how popular was it when you were born?)

looking for help? try these links

are you eligible for food stamps?
apply online for food stamps, temporary cash assistance or medicaid
54 ways you can help the homeless
get a free copy of your credit report (it's a federal law)
how to apply for suncap (and other program information)
need help paying your phone bill?
renters' rights on-line handbook
foreclosure survival guide
how to expunge or seal criminal history
find your elected officials
bugmenot.com
google search cheat sheet
zamzar (free online file conversion)
the st. petersburg times (hooray for free archives!)

previous posts

denying housing over criminal record may be discri...
omg! homeless people are sleepingand bathing at th...
outrage forces marseille to scrap yellow triangle ids
french homeless forced to wear 'yellow triangles'
you can't get food in florida but you can shower i...
california city bans homeless from sleeping outsid...
“why do they waste their money on junk food?” if y...
la's homeless allowed to live in cars, appeals cou...
if homeless people had a safe place to live, taxpa...
almost half of homeless men had a previous brain i...

archives


- archives -
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
january 2012
november 2012
january 2013
may 2013
june 2013
july 2013
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
november 2013
december 2013
january 2014
may 2014
june 2014
september 2014
november 2014
december 2014
april 2016
current posts


homeless blogs

homelessness law blog
homelessrob has a plan
the homeless uk blogger
news from the streets
homeless in boston
aibaihe's blog
give us your poor blog
la's homeless blog
this homeless life
at my friend's place
homeword bound
pdx urban outdoorsman
mosaic street
joe anybody homeless blog
car camper
view from the sidewalk
wandering scribe
on the nickel
turning it over
homeless man speaks
homeless family's blog
the homeless guy
chosen fast
the giving tree
cleveland homeless
larry james' urban daily
squatter city
basic orlando
take back the land
today at the mission
michaelann land
anonymous 1%
stone soup station
slo homeless
12th and republic
homeless not nameless
hope for the homeless
mobile loaves & fishes
from homeless to homeowner
seminole action coalition serving our needy
national alliance to end homelessness
rock for hunger


check news & blog posts about homelessness

foreclosure blogs

matt weidner blog
chink in the armor
foreclosure buzz
florida foreclosure lawyer
florida foreclosure fraud weblog
florida progressive coalition


spacecoastweb
aikane leo
bark bark woof woof
conceptual guerilla
florida politics
florida public policy
independent report
litbrit
make me a commentator
pensacola beach blog
pushing rope
roblimo.com
smashed frog
space coast rising
the spencerian

more florida blogs

spacecoastweb's florida blog directory
   abstract appeal
will report for food
nancy imperiale blog
orange juice collective
florida politics
paxety pages
interstate4jamming2
flablog
sticks of fire
south of the suwanee
truman's conscience
over the cliff, onto the rocks
incertus
the florida masochist
infomaniac
florida cracker
saint petersblog
tampa bay democrat
hyku
the daily pulp
change in tallahassee
can't keep quiet
central florida political pulse (from the orlando sentinel)
what's wrong with orlando politics
how shall we grow? (about central florida)
ybor city stogie
rattler nation
florida kossacks
orlando copwatch blog
stop (stop the ordinance partnership) blog
blawgs

western justice
abstract appeal
courtwatch
florida civil legal update
equal justice works
poverty law
indefensible
a georgia lawyer
arbitrary and capricious
do not pass geaux
gideon's guardians
defending those people
a public defender's journal
injustice anywhere ...
public defender stuff
crimlaw
oswald defense lawyer
liberty & power
flex your rights
inter alia
concurring opinions
judging crimes
objective justice
acs blog (american constitution society)
my hq blawgs
florida divorce law blog
south florida lawyers
florida lawyers blog watch
the truth about false confessions
barbara bernier's blog
sex crimes
religion clause
more blogs

photography is not a crime
rachel's tavern
barbara ehrenreich's blog
the apb (anti-poverty blog)
poverty and policy
wampum
chicken bones journal
the mindful mission
blackprof.com
lucky white girl
blac(k)ademic
why am i not surprised?
gun toting liberal
cappuccino soul



















i'm a lawyer, so there has to be a disclaimer

this blawg is a exercise in journalism, not legal advice. it should not be relied upon as a substitute for the advice of a qualified attorney, obtained in an attorney-client relationship, with respect to any actual legal issue or dispute. 

nothing on this web site should be construed as legal advice or perceived as creating an attorney-client relationship.

 my blog is worth $20,887.98.how much is your blog worth?





 



















