








saga














 
 
















view the saga brochure (pdf).
print the saga brochure (pdf). 
(the brochure is designed to printed front and back on 8-1/2 x 14-inch paper, with three folds to make eight panels.)
saga
b16 mvr hall
ithaca, ny 14853
(607) 255-8931
fax (607) 255-0178
saga@cornell.edu






saga
saga brought together key
personnel having extensive experience in
africa as researchers, teachers, policymakers,
and consultants, to offer a different perspective on growth and poverty reduction.

we focused on the capabilities of individuals,
households, and communities—their productivities,
their vulnerabilities, their institutions, and their
environment.

david sahn, director of saga, (second from right)  and leopold sarr, graduate student at cornell (right), working on field test of education and health survey in senegal.

our aim was to understand further the economic, social, institutional, and natural constraints that keep africa’s poor from prospering in the context of growth-oriented reforms.you can learn more about our research program, read our publications, and find out about our technical assistance program, our conferences, and competitive grants program at this site. 





from james currey, publishers

see table of contents



conversations on poverty aims to share key findings from the saga project. the following audio files are available on the passn’s (poverty analysis and social safety nets) povertyfrontiers website:
saga overview — dr. ravi kanbur
growth, inequality and poverty — dr. ravi kanbur
poverty and growth comparisons in south africa and ghana — dr. ravi kanbur
maternal morbidity and mortality — dr. david sahn
examining healthcare services and poverty in africa — dr. peter glick
the complex link between hiv/aids and poverty — dr. peter glick
poverty dynamics in northern uganda — dr. stephen younger
multidimensional poverty research — dr. stephen younger
pastoralists in africa — dr. christopher barrett
fractal poverty traps: madagascar — dr. christopher barrett
fractal poverty traps — dr. christopher barrett










we continue to add information to this site, linking to relevant ongoing research.
please bookmark this site.




  


home | research | 
publications | 
technical assistance | 
conferences | 
grants | 
partners | 
project personnel | 
progress reports |
links |
contact us | search

© 2017, 2016–2001 saga
last updated on 2 january 2015

site maintained by patti mason.










