



cheap hosting with free ssl | host your website for $2.75 | 2mhost.com














host websites since 2001










                                    web hosting
                                

                                    performance hosting
                                

                                    website builder
                                


free and addons








free online website builder


free private whois


free domain transfer


free ssl certificates


free imunify360 security suite


spamexperts spam filter







login










close menu








shared hosting
performance hosting
website builder





login











cheap hosting packages 
                inclusive for domain registration, 
                website hosting 
                and e-mail, all secured with free ssl.
            


get started now
from  $2.75 /month

web hosting plans





no fine prints, no sudden price increase, always renew at the same price.
        





web hosting plans

                pricing lock & 30 days no-questions-asked money back guarantees.
            




pay every 3 months
                

pay every 6 months
                

pay every year
                

pay every 2 years
                






personal +

$2.75
                        
usd per month

save $24
of the monthly rate.



10 gbdisk space (ssd)
1 hosted website
$15/year domain registration
unlimitede-mail boxes

order now
30 days no-questions-asked money back







best value
personal x2

$4.15

usd per month

save $62
of the monthly rate.



25 gbdisk space (ssd)
3 hosted websites
free 1 domain registration
unlimitede-mail boxes

order now
30 days no-questions-asked money back







business

$7.5

usd per month

save $42
of the monthly rate.



50 gbdisk space (ssd)
5 hosted websites
free 1 domain registration
unlimitede-mail boxes

order now
30 days no-questions-asked money back







business x2

$15

usd per month

save $60
of the monthly rate.



75 gbdisk space (ssd)
10 hosted websites
free 1 domain registration
unlimitede-mail boxes

order now
30 days no-questions-asked money back







 full hosting details
            

 hosting highlights
            





web hosting plans highlights

            included for free in all plans.
        




ssl certificates

in july 2018, google chrome, the most used browser worldwide, marked any 
                website without an ssl certificate installed as "not secure" and so, 
                ssl certificates 
                are mandatory on any website.
            
2mhost will automatically install ssl certificates in all hosted websites 
                for free, and keep renewing them, no hidden fees or fine prints.


                    → more about free ssl web hosting
                




online website builder

go online in just a few minutes with the easiest website builder tool ever, 
                just pick a website template from over 190 professionally designed websites 
                and modify it to match your needs, no coding, configuration or 
                technical knowledge required.


                    → try it now, no registration required
                




1-click web app installer


                choose from more than 100 applications and install with only one click, 
                applications including
                wordpress, drupal, prestashop, abantecart and more.
            
the web hosting app installer will automatically update your installed software, 
            and will let you create a staging copy to test your updates before pushing them to a live website.



remote, automated backup

we will automatically back up your website twice a week — files, e-mails, databases, 
                everything — regardless of how big
                your website is, at no cost. then we move the backups to an external server in remote data center for extra security.
you will be able to access the backups from your cpanel to restore full or only parts of your website at any time.







customers reviews








“i'm happy with your hosting, always works fine.”
jon russell, castro valley, us

                                    www.silverlandscape.com
                                    on jun 18, 2010
                                




“best customer service and after sales support!”
regina castillo, san juan, ph

                                    www.teacherjeannieandcompany.com
                                    on feb 16, 2020
                                




“i am using this service as a continuing service of the website.
thank you for the notification for renewal.”
cora lee khambatta, arlington, us

                                    www.musicwithcoralee.com
                                    on jul 22, 2024
                                




“i''ve never had a problem with 2mhost and have no complaints.  they are very reliable, helpful, and pleasant if you ever need to speak with them.  ”
jeri roitman, redding, us

                                    www.auntjerischocolates.com
                                    on jan 17, 2018
                                








all 2mhost reviews






web hosting: faq




does cheap web hosting mean poor hosting?

absolutely not! just because the price is cheap doesn’t mean the service is poor. 
                    our cheap hosting packages have the same performance and uptime as other expensive hosts packages. 
                    2mhost uses top-of-the-line hardware to power our cheap web hosting to make sure that your website is up and running when you need it.
                

will this hosting plan work for my business website?

in most cases, yes. if you have a small to medium website, you shouldn’t have problems hosting your business site on our shared web hosting packages. 
                                however, there are some cases where shared hosting may not be right for you.
if your website needs a larger amount of resources than most, 
                                you may be better hosted on virtual private server or even a dedicated server. 
                                but for the vast majority of businesses, 2mhost shared web hosting and performance hosting will be more than enough for your website.

can i buy a cheaper plan now, and upgrade later?


                    yes, you can upgrade instantly at any time 
                    and you simply pay the difference between the two plans.
                    you can always downgrade the package just before it's renewal date.
                

prices initially look cheap, but what are the renewal rates?


                    most web hosts use a low introductory price to attract customers and dramatically 
                    increase the price for those who renew their service.
                    at 2mhost, we appreciate your continued business with us, 
                    we offer a lifetime price lock guarantee. 
                    you get unlimited renewals at the price you sign up for today - guaranteed.
                



how easy is it to setup an online shopping cart on my hosted website?


                    using 2mhost plans makes it easier than ever to setup an online shopping cart. 
                    after a few clicks to get your website ready, 
                    you can perform 1-click installation of any popular open source 
                    shopping cart such as: opencart, prestashop, abantecart, magento, 
                    loaded 7 commerce, zen cart, tomatocart, and more.
                

why doesn't 2mhost offer unlimited websites on one single hosting account?


                    the additional websites share the storage space, resources, 
                    and the username with the primary hosted website. 
                    this means the allowed resources for each website will be reduced
                    and it won't take long before your websites falls 
                    outside of the normal usage range.
                    at that point you will be forced to buy more expensive hosting solutions.

                    in addition, you can't choose different data centers for each website 
                    for seo purposes or get cpanel access for each hosted website. 
                    it becomes a mess if you decide to swap main and additional domains for any reason.

                    instead of offering an unlimited domains feature, 
                    we strive to keep our services as flexible as possible. 
                    this allows each hosted website enough resources to grow. 
                    2mhost offers a reasonable number of add-on domains if you want to host 
                    your own websites and offers discount web hosting plans if you want to host your clients.
                




 still have a question?





hosting


compare hosting plans


litespeed hosting


cpanel/whm reseller hosting


help


knowledge base


clients area


help desk


contact us




free & addons


free website builder


free ssl web hosting


free private whois


free domain transfer


spamexperts filter


free imunify360




company


about 2mhost


 discount points / level


privacy policy


terms of service


reviews


                                963 2mhost reviews














latest in web hosting kb


do i need to use wordfence on my wordpress website?


how to clear chrome browsing cache?


change wordpress url using wordpress manager


discontinue economy packages


we accept










                      © 2001 - 2025 2mhost.com -  cheap and premium web hosting provider.

                    











this website is using cookies, 2mhost privacy policy











