



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the native-american category of our website. there are 8 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
next →






click any image to zoom























original maliseet indian snow shoes

item# 11676    $750

original pair of maliseet tribal snow shoes. the maliseet people were also called the malisit and malecite. they are/were native north americans living in new brunswick and maine. the embellishments on the outer wooden frame are tufts of red-dyed moose hair. these 19th century snowshoes are in pristine condition. to learn more and see a similar pair, please visit: the penn museum journal volume 2 no. 4 (orig. publ. 1911), fig. 67, heye collection image number 14357.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom





















navaho sterling and turquoise bracelet

item# 11426    $375

navaho sterling and turquoise cuff bracelet, mid 20th century. stamped with a small teepee on the inside. measures 1.75 inches wide at center; inner circumference is 5.75 inches. for a petite wrist.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom
















vintage coiled grass basket

item# 11301    $185

early 20th century coiled grass basket in excellent condition. wonderful swirl design with diagonally exposed brush ends. measures 5.5" high x 7" wide.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom



















roderick tenorio sterling silver pueblo bracelet

item# 11286    $395

vintage roderick tenorio sterling silver pueblo cuff bracelet. marked jmt sterling. striking asymmetric design. roderick tenorio is a kewa (santo domingo pueblo) artisan who shares the hallmark with his wife marilyn.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom












19thc inuit snow knife

item# 11258    $395

19th century inuit snow knife. small chip near the end of the blade. otherwise fine condition. measures 15.5" long.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
2
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







