






activities & attractions association of hawaiihomepage | activities & attractions association of hawaii




































































toggle navigation




toll free phone: (800) 398-9698







 home
 become a member
 lobbying
 collective marketing
 ponorez
 contact us
 member login
 sitemap









homepage
our marketing
our lobbying
join the community







activities & attractions association of hawaii, inc.
united to ensure that hawaii’s fun things to do are sustainable for business, our community and hawaii’s environment.

learn more





ponorez.com
hawaii's first web based co-op reservation system
ponorez is not just a different reservation system ~ it is a system making a difference.














why become a member
communication: a3h hosts a private member-secured portal for members to discuss industry challenges and provides solutions where possible. for example, with the current covid-19 shutdown, we created guidelines for businesses when hawaii is ready to open:  a3h’s guidance for reopening hawaii’s activities & attractions.   we also have coordinated collective legal action against activity desk not paying for past activity. in the forums, information between members is shared and together we rise to a higher level of operation.

protection: a3h lobbies for consumer protection as it relates to the sale of activities & attractions while also representing the views and interests of activities & attractions to county, state, and federal government entities. members can access industry standard contracts, waivers, best practices, and more.
promoting: via an extensive array of collective member websites, products, and services. our goal is to increase your pre-arrival direct bookings.
profitability: negotiate or establish reduced costs through scales of economy, e.g., answering services, credit card processing, printing, and the web-based reservation system ponorez (made for suppliers by suppliers)
to learn more about the beginnings of a3h, read this quick, entertaining story boondoggle.
the activities & attractions association of hawaii, inc. is a not-for-profit trade association established in 1990, (history/overview) the association is member-owned. regular membership is open to all hawaii attractions and businesses which provide air, land, or sea activities or tours.
proud members:
             



testimonies

pono rez has been an unbelievable life saver for our growing company allowing us to not only manage our extensive inventory for our growing internet sales channels but it has allowed us to provide professional support to our growing list of global smaller agents that want and need a professional online booking engine that supports fast and efficient sales for their customers. the a3h team has and is providing real value to the members above and beyond anyone’s expectations.
¬ lee j. collins sr.   vice president sales & marketing  gray line hawaii – polynesian adventure tours. - member since 2001


the best decision we have make in our 16 years of operation has been to utilize a3h’s pono rez system.
not only is it “real time”; but, most importantly,  the ease of use is fantastic and quickly learned by all of our personnel—office staff, reservationists, dock girls and our answering service.  tech support is unbelievable too. the speed of input is great, and our call-in customers and activity company representatives do not even realize that all the info and reservation has been simultaneously entered into the computerized pono rez system while we are taking their quick telephone call.  an additional benefit is the elimination of time-consuming manual record keeping and the availability of excellent management reports from the pono rez system.
¬ don kidder, president  maui adventure cruises - member since 1999


pono rez revolutionized our business 10 years ago.  at the time, we took reservations manually and used pono rez solely for our online reservations.  we had to put aside seats for our web bookings so we didn’t “oversell”.  once we “went all the way” with pono rez, all our inventory was all in one place and it’s all in “real time” so we never have to worry about overselling.  we also use “pay now” for all directs, which instantly created a smoother and faster check-in process.  there’s no more credit card system problems at check-in to worry about, no declined credit cards to worry about, etc.  we also use the system for all our reporting – which is very easy to use and interpret.  another huge advantage is that it is internet based, so as an owner, i can be traveling anywhere in the country (or world) and can always check in and see what’s going on, add or delete inventory, run sales reports, etc.  it’s a beautiful thing!
¬ lisa gibson/president  warren & annabelle’s magic show - member since 2001

» view all testimonies



our network of websites
united to ensure that "hawaii’s fun things to do" are sustainable for business, our community and hawaii’s environment.



































copyright © 2025 activities & attractions association of hawaii. all rights reserved.
mailing address: po box 598, makawao, hawaii 96768
phone : (808) 871-7947 - fax: (808) 877-3104 - email: info@a3h.org

our websites




membership

member login
become a member
membership application
consumer complaint form
bod nomination form
mediaassets








