





	red guava login




























log in to red guava




username



                                 
                            



password



                                 
                            





















help
terms and conditions
cookie policy







redguava 2003 - 2025 



         ﻿



help

×



having problems logging in?


                    the login details  are specific to your organisation. please contact us at helpdesk@redguava.co.uk 
                    and remember to provide details of the organisation you work for.
                


close



﻿



×
terms & conditions - red guava benefits


terms & conditions for users of the red guava benefits web site 


                    these terms and conditions (the "terms and conditions")  are the terms and conditions upon which elgar associates limited trading as red guava benefits (“we / us”) make the red guava benefits web site (the “site”) available to you. we offer you the site on the terms and conditions set out below. we assume that by your continuing to use the site you agree to be bound by them. if you do not agree to the terms and conditions you should exit the site immediately.                
please note that once you click on any of the  links from our website you will be directed to the individual suppliers website  and each of these will have their own cookie policy.
technical and website usage data
we collect ip address information to enable us to know how members are using the website.


restricted use


                                only employees of elgar associates limited, accredited members and members of related schemes
                                using authorised passwords and allocated usernames will
                                have access to and use of this site. the use of your
                                password is restricted to your own use only. you agree
                                to keep such password and allocated user names secret
                                and not to disclose them either purposefully or negligently
                                to any other individual or corporate body without our
                                written permission;
                            

                                the use of all discount codes and unique url links
                                are restricted to authorised members and these must
                                not be disclosed either purposefully or negligently
                                to any other individual or corporate body without our
                                written permission;
                            
information regarding membership will be  made available simply by e-mailing marketing@redguava.co.uk

                                you are only permitted to use the site for
                                personal use.





buying goods and services


                                the intention of this site is that you have
                                the advantage of securing preferential terms of purchase
                                from a third party;


                                any contract entered into in buying such
                                goods and services will be strictly between you and
                                the third party supplier and we do not endorse and/
                                or accept any liability howsoever arising from such
                                third party agreements;


                                any purchase will be made solely on the
                                terms and conditions agreed between you and the third
                                party and any disagreement or complaint in respect of
                                problems relating to any purchase should be directed
                                by you to the supplier;


                                we will, or course, try to ensure that there
                                will be no such problems but must emphasise that we
                                cannot guarantee complete accuracy or suitability or
                                completeness of any statement made or implied on the
                                web site either by us or by the suppliers of the goods
                                and services;


                                we reserve the absolute right to amend prices
                                and/ or specifications shown on the site;


                                we can arrange access to discounts only
                                on selected items or services and we cannot guarantee
                                that you cannot buy any items shown on the site cheaper
                                elsewhere;


                                we regard ourselves as impartial providers
                                of discounted goods, and this implies no direct or indirect
                                advice or recommendation by us.





intellectual property
                        the intellectual property rights (including but not
                        limited to copyright, design rights, trademarks and
                        patents) in the content posted on the site remain our
                        property or the property of the rightful content owner
                        as the case may be. all such rights are reserved. you
                        may not publish, copy re-transmit, re-distribute, adapt
                        or otherwise reproduce any part of the site without
                        our prior written permission except solely for your
                        own personal and non-commercial use.



convenience links
                        links are provided within the site to other web sites
                        which are not within our control. it should be emphasised
                        that we do not endorse and/ or have any control of or
                        accept any responsibility for the contents of, such
                        web sites and the links are provided for the sole purpose
                        of convenience for members.



disclaimer and indemnity
                        although we will attempt to be completely open and accurate
                        in the details of information provided it is possible
                        that, on occasion, mistakes may be made. if such mistakes
                        are made, we will endeavour to correct them.


                                the site and its contents are provided without
                                any representation, term, condition or warranty of any
                                kind, either expressed or implied (and whether implied
                                by law, custom or otherwise) in respect of the site
                                and/ or its content to the extent permitted by law.
                                we shall not be liable to any person or entity for any
                                loss or damage, including without limitation damage
                                to hardware or software resulting from computer virus
                                problems, or otherwise, which may arise from the use
                                of any content on the site;


                                we will make every effort to ensure that
                                the content of the site is accurate, complete and current,
                                that we do not guarantee or represent that the content
                                available will always be accurate, complete or current
                                or that access to the site will be uninterrupted;


                                we exclude to the fullest extent possible
                                under english law, and save in respect of death or personal
                                injury arising from our negligence, all liability of
                                any claims, losses, demands and damages arising directly
                                or indirectly out of or in any way
                                connected with your use or inability to access the site;
                                


                                it is a requirement that any use of this site will be
                                lawful and in accordance with the terms and conditions
                                and you will indemnify us against such claims or costs
                                in respect of any justifiable claims or reasonable costs
                                resulting from the illegal use of the site.




general


                                we reserve the right to supplement, amend
                                and vary the terms and conditions on which you are permitted
                                to access the site from time to time. any changes will
                                be posted on the site and its is your responsibility
                                as a user to review any changes on accessing the site.
                                changes will be effective six (6) hours after the posting
                                of any such change;


                                we reserve the right at any time to suspend,
                                restrict or terminate access in whole or in part to
                                the site for any reason and at any time and we shall
                                be released from any obligations under these terms and
                                conditions in the event of any causes beyond our responsibility
                                or control, which renders the provision of the site
                                impossible or impractical;


                                the terms and conditions shall be deemed
                                to include all other notices/ policies/ disclaimers
                                and other terms contained in the site, provided that
                                in the event of a conflict between any such other notices/
                                policies/ disclaimers and other terms, these terms and
                                conditions shall prevail. if any of the terms and conditions
                                are held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
                                provisions shall remain enforce and effect;


                                the terms and conditions shall be governed
                                and construed in accordance with english law and the
                                parties agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the english
                                courts.







close



﻿




×
cookie policy - red guava benefits



 cookies are small text files placed on your computer and are commonly used  on the internet. there are various types of cookies which perform different  functions, such as remembering which items you have placed in your shopping  basket or analysing your browsing behaviour to enable advertisers to present  you with adverts more relevant to you and your interests. for more information visit ico.org.uk
accepting or  rejecting cookies
most web browsers will accept cookies, but if you prefer you can disable  this function within your browser settings. if you want to delete any cookies  that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your  file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. 
                we use cookies to:
                
collect information that will help us to distinguish       visitors, to understand visitors’ browsing habits on our website and to       improve their experience. 
compile statistical reports on website activity e.g.       numbers of visitors and the pages they visit 

the following types of cookies may be used during your visit to our website: 
strictly necessary  cookies
these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the  website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.  these cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for  marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.

performance cookies
these cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for  instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages  from web pages. they also allow us to record and count the number of visitors  to the website, all of which enables us to see how visitors use the website in  order to improve the way that our website works. these cookies do not collect  information that identifies a visitor, as all information these cookies collect  is anonymous and is only used to improve how our website works. 
this is a list of the main cookies set by the red guava benefits website, and what each is used for:



cookie   name
cookie   expires
definition



redguava
at the end of the browser session
the cookie only records details of the organisation specific to the login and password used to enter the site. this cookie then allows the correct content (offers / benefits) according to the specific organisation. the cookies used on this site do not record any personal information.




close










