









cedar bayou marina - lake texoma, gordonville, tx
























































































home
boat slips
cabins
rv park
property info

activities
gallery
wildlife
news
events
attractions


weather
contact












 











cedar bayou marina & resort
lake texoma, gordonville, texas











welcome to cedar bayou marina

cedar bayou marina rests on the sprawling beauty of lake texoma as a must-visit destination, whether you’re a seasoned boater in search of a reservation or an outdoors enthusiast looking for a beautiful place to relax and enjoy nature. we are a family-owned and operated marina, open year-round, with gated security where your boat is looked after as if it were our own.
atmospheric views and peaceful surroundings offer activities that include fishing, camping, boating, and trailhead access to hiking and biking the 15-mile cross timbers trail system. just a short drive from dallas/fort worth and oklahoma city, lake texoma’s cedar bayou marina and resort is the perfect place to savor a resonant beauty where you can rest and restore.

learn more







lake texoma boat slips at cedar bayou

cedar bayou marina offers lake texoma boaters a variety of slip options designed to help our texas/oklahoma boating community have a secure, reliable place to call their shoreline home.
we can’t build the sunset but we can give you front-row seats for it.

learn more







lake texoma lodging at cedar bayou

cedar bayou is home to the most comprehensive selection of lodging options on lake texoma and ready to host your next waterfront campfire. overnight campers and long-term tenants can find a soft place to lay their heads in our modernized cabins, rv cabins, rv park, motel rooms, or our luxurious eight-bedroom texoma lakehouse with a private pool and boat slip.








cabins
eight cabins for your perfect vacation or weekend getaway – all year round, with central heat and air conditioning.



learn more






rv park & rental
rv cabin rental and rv parking sites with water and electric along with septic and pump-out services.



learn more








welcome to the cedar bayou cabins and rv park on lake texoma

book now










mountain biking








hiking








texas fishing








oklahoma fishing










towboat us
membership link










resident center



pay your bill



 










cedar bayou marina

call / text
903-523-4248

email
*protected email*

address
513 cedar bayou blvdgordonville, texas76245

get directions



map





office hours







sunday
 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm 





monday
 closed 





tuesday
 closed 





wednesday
 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 





thursday
 10:00 am - 4:00 pm 





friday
 10:00 am - 5:00 pm 





saturday
 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 









links

home

boat slips

cabins

rv park

property info

weather

resident login

contact

follow







copyright © 2024 cedar bayou marina. all rights reserved.



 
















