





  
















healthcare facilities management experts | gosselin martin associates


































































skip to main content






 

menu
skip to content
home
about

our team
our clients
core values
testimonials


recruiting services

jobs
partnered search


healthcare facilities network

high reliability podcast
experts in hospital engineering
experts in healthcare facilities management
blog


contact
  




 
 









home
about

our team
our clients
core values
testimonials


recruiting services

jobs
partnered search


healthcare facilities network

high reliability podcast
experts in hospital engineering
experts in healthcare facilities management
blog


contact
 







gosselin/martin associates provides search consulting, succession planning, and career development services to hospitals, systems, and individuals, in healthcare facilities management. 
we also developed the healthcare facilities network, the youtube channel that focuses exclusively on healthcare facilities management. the mission of the network is simple: promote the unique discipline of healthcare facilities management to educate and attract professionals to this unique discipline.

for hospitals/systems
healthcare facilities network







what we do
search consulting, succession planning, and career development professionals providing collaborative facility management solutions.
 nationally recognized and respected by clients for our experience and knowledge of healthcare facilities management, we connect with a vast network of passive and active facility professionals. we are known for our unique ability to find, evaluate, place, and develop high-caliber professionals in healthcare facilities management.
about us





for hospitals & systems
recruiting services
finding, creating, and retaining good leadership is the cornerstone of securing your department’s future growth.
as a nationwide professional facilities management agency, we service areas such as, but not limited to:

california (ca)
illinois (il)
maryland (md)
massachusetts (ma)
missouri (mo)
minnesota (mi)
new york (ny)
ohio (oh)
pennsylvania (pa)
texas (tx)








recruitment and retention strategies in healthcare
the need for proper soft skills training is on the rise in the healthcare management sector. recruitment and retention strategies in healthcare are built around not only looking for competency but emotional maturity. we help teams grow and grow well.

management leadership
program development
establishing relationships
healthcare recruitment



healthcare succession planning
with such a high turnover in healthcare management positions, it’s important to have a plan going forward. healthcare succession planning is incredibly helpful in this instance. this is where healthcare professionals plan for who will replace certain positions if and when the current holder leaves. some of the responsibilities include:

identifying which positions will most benefit from a succession program.
train potential candidates to take over the role.
keep in contact with everyone in the program to make sure the process goes smoothly.





partnered job search
finding and hiring leadership talent is increasingly difficult. save time and money while avoiding costly employment gaps. we provide the best solutions that match your needs!
make an appointment






customize
your unique department needs


develop
existing leadership


adapt
your succession planning


mentor
we are always available






promoting the discipline

healthcare facilities network
the youtube channel that focuses exclusively on healthcare facilities management.
the healthcare facilities network (hfn) is a grassroots, collaborative effort initiated by gosselin/martin associates to help promote the unique discipline of healthcare facilities management.







increase the visibility of the facilities management role
the healthcare facilities network is programmed with all in mind: those working in healthcare facilities, outside the field, or considering a career in healthcare facilities.
watch healthcare facilities network








connectivity & access


experience


industry knowledge


thought leadership





healthcare facilities management career opportunities


are you an employer looking to promote an open position?
we will make sure that your new employee isn’t only fit for the job, but also wants to be there.
post a position



are you looking for a management position?
jobs that we find placement for are competitive, immersive, and above all, enriching. we don’t only have a job for you, we have a career.
review our current open positions







bimal patelregional vp of operations, hartford healthcare, hartford, ct
“we were seeking a high level executive leader who could develop strategies for our newly configured regional hospital system. lots of change and plenty of challenges beyond the traditional engineering operations position. gosselin/martin associates was diligent in their search for an individual who not only provided this vision, but aligned well with our established culture and corporate philosophy.”
louann scheelhaasehr business partner from the carle foundation hospital in urbana, il
“in an effort to upgrade this critical role during our leadership transition, gosselin brought a deep understanding of the attributes needed to be successful in this job in today’s healthcare environment. this knowledge was particularly helpful in developing the profile for the new facilities director.”
david duncansystem vice president of facilities & support service, care new england
gosselin/martin associates is the only national search firm with a distinct and specific focus on healthcare facilities management roles. they bring an understanding of the profession that can bring strong value to all of us. expediting this search and selection is a priority and getting the right person in the role is extremely important. gosselin/martin associates already knows the candidate network in place, which will assist in moving the process along quickly and with a targeted focus.
clay ciolekmanager-engineering systems, multicare health system, tacoma, wa
“it is no accident that beyond competency has been borne out of the observable experiences of gosselin/martin associates bringing working relationships together. bring a mirror and be prepared to take a good look at yourself, these classes will help you develop your healthcare leadership abilities.”
kevin maurerhead, facility department, naval health clinic, hawaii
"thank you for the beyond competency class. i have gained take-aways and will be sure to pass the information provided to members of our staff. you make a great team with personnel insight, positive approach, and a willingness to share and listen."
karen dethloffvp, facilities management, metrohealth system, cleveland, oh
"the departmental assessment provided a comprehensive roadmap for the organization to consider as our system grows. peter and jack were able to provide recommendations that are credible, derived from extensive interviews with stakeholders, and an in-depth review of operational needs."




more reviews from our partners and clients



18+
years of finding the right match and avoiding a bad hire.


200+
hospitals we have connections with nationwide.


425+
healthcare placements


8000+
happy clients







high reliability, the healthcare facilities management podcast
high reliability, the healthcare fm podcast is brought to you by gosselin/martin associates. our show discusses the issues, challenges, and opportunities within the facilities management (fm) function.
view more episodes




the latest from our blog





hospital benchmarking: a unique approach, ep 2
april 22, 2024








facility assessment maintenance factors and accounting for roof square footage
april 19, 2024








facility management leadership journey
april 12, 2024








hospital benchmarking: a unique approach, ep 1
april 11, 2024





more from our blog

 







we deliver the expertise, the network, and the difference to find the right match and avoid a costly bad hire.
 
 



contact us

944 b main street suite 5walpole, ma, 02081

508-660-1800

email us
 
 



about us

our teamour clients

recruiting services

partnered searchjobshigh-reliability education
 
 



healthcare facilities network

healthcare facilities networkhigh reliability podcastblog

contact us
 
 
 

© 2025 gosselin / martin associates | privacy policy | web design by edge one media

 
 






























