












home























home


monday


tuesday


wednesday


thursday


friday


about









































please make a tax deductible donation today!
your support makes meatfyi possible!  







agricultural stories for 2/14/25










companies
 
us consumer prices post largest increase in nearly one and a half years in january
 
pilgrim's recaps 2024 in us, europe, mexico businesses
 
tyson foods plant in emporia is set to close friday
 
walmart to lay off or relocate 827 workers
 
cargill weakens amazon no-deforestation vow, raising concerns about wider backslide
 
deere shares fall on farm slump as tariffs threaten demand
 
french ingredients supplier solina expands further into us with seasoning acquisitions
 
stryve foods announces distribution wins with kroger, key foods, and other leading retailers
 
boar's head holds 'food safety promise day'
 
osi group makes latest acquisition
 
wendy's sees first-quarter trough in consumer spending






watchlist
 
brooke rollins wins strong bipartisan vote to become agriculture secretary
 
hot consumer price index, producer price index data stoke 1970s style inflation fears
 
reactions roll in for rfk jr.'s confirmation as health secretary, ag industry largely silent
 
year-round e15 legislation reintroduced in congress
 
us export sales for grains, beef, and pork
 
us corn exports are on the upswing
 
brazil backs off brics currency, focuses on cutting dollar dependence
 
trump moves to impose reciprocal tariffs, and it could reshape us trade policy
 
nutrition funding on the chopping block
 
hsus changes names to humane world for animals
 
soy innovation lab closure has impacts for missouri










beef
 
animal health officials work together to prevent new world screwworm spread
 
usca expresses support for american beef labeling act
 
cattle futures higher heading into friday
 
cattle market reversal could spark volatile weeks ahead
 
us beef trimmings market strength is pulling other cuts 'into the grind'
 
new genomic sequencing tool targets cattle reproductive failure
 
newly funded canadian beef research aims for sector improvements
 
rising beef prices and demand fuel big change for the dairy industry
 
morris: the new proposed montana cattle checkoff 
 
zoetis expands cattle anti-infective product line
 
managing cattle and crew well are at the heart of this cowboy






pork
 
pork producers eager to work with usda secretary rollins on prop 12, farm bill
 
global pork profitability expected to stabilize in 2025
 
new fao guidelines seek to improve african swine fever management using gis
 
protecting america's pork industry
 
balancing act: the trade-offs of zinc supplementation in swine diets
 
pork promotions and opportunities: what's making headlines?
 
jump in with both feet: q & a with ohio pork council's president
 
exports continue to boost us pork demand
 
nebraska pork producers association names new executive director
 
phil and karen borgic family named ippa family of the year
 
don't miss the missouri pork expo













many of these documents are available at meatfyi.com a service of the institute for rural america . in accordance with title 17 u.s.c. section 107 "fair use", this material is distributed and displayed without profit to those who have an interest in receiving this information for research and educational purposes. no warranty is made or implied regarding the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of anything displayed here. for verification and authentication of any data, refer to the origin of the material within the material itself.
 
donations to the institute for rural america are tax deductible. donors to the institute may receive this enewsletter at no cost simply by requesting it. our websites are available to the general public. to help keep our information and educational websites and newsletter available please provide your financial support .













institute for rural americap.o. box 566.ames, iowa 50010www.instituteruralamerica.org
 
erica@barnwoodmedia.com
























