


shorty jack russell puppies for sale
































jack russell terrier puppies for sale. quality going far beyond your everyday shorty jack russell. health and temperament guarantee..colorado licensed breeder.

	






































colorado shorty jacks










home



the females




the males




planned litters




available puppies




contact form









































puppy love!











my great granddaughter.. camrynn and a litte jack puppy..










































puppy sold!thank you alex!


































































colorado shorty jacks llc.20464 hwy 92delta, colorado 81416970-640-8798




































































colorado shorty jacks llc.










vicki watts20464 hwy 92delta, colorado 814161.970.640.8798



info@jackrussell-terrier.com












































welcome to colorado jack russell terriers... home of the shorties.this website was updated on september 21st, 2024please note:  we also breed and raise the french bulldogs!here is our site if you are interested in a frenchie   www.coloradofrenchbulldogs.com












offering smooth, broken and roughcoats, with amazing personalities! hello, my name is vicki watts and i have been breeding and raising shorty jacks for 20 plus years in beautiful western colorado. bringing love and happiness to many wonderful families. we are state licensed and inspected by the state of colorado.









































me and some of my jacks...
















































a very happy little girl!
















































home pick up is very encouraged! i would love to meet you in person if at all possible!
















































if you like hair - you will love my little roughcoats!
















































this family has been here twice to pick up their puppy.. they now have a smoothcoat and a roughcoat.
















































some of my smoothcoat babies.... all have been sold.
















































many families often come back to get their 2nd shorty from me.  several families have more then 2.
















































many people fly into the montrose airport to pick up their baby.
















































these 2 colorado shorties goes everywhere with mom and dad... including 14,000' mountains!
















































its never too early to socialize the puppies with my cats!!!  i have 4 cats to date and they do a remarkable job of socializing the puppies!
















































this sweet family has 3 of my jacks and now 2 human babies!
















































don't know what i would do without my lil' jacks!!
















































their daddy works for ups!
















































colorado country!  where my jacks are raised!!
















































mr. cool dude!
















































this lil' guy is traveling cessna style back to wyoming!!
















































my great grandson, blaidon ..mimicking the puppy! how cute!
















































jacks and cats can get along if introduced at the appropriate age.
















































a great birthday present!





































































































drop us a line




feel free to contact us with questions or comments!
































send >
















































































































