














community council websites | community  council websites - low cost, accessible, easy to use and standards compliant.






































skip to main content





community council websites






home


technology




meetings calendar


policies


news


council members


prices


migration


administration


contact us









community council websites on community-council.org.uk

if you're looking for an easy-to-manage, mobile-friendly, standards compliant website for your community council we can help. for a very low cost we provide websites with all the functionality you'll need. you'll have a calendar of meetings and events, the ability to upload documents like minutes and policies, lists of your council members with contact forms for each, maps of your community, a news page and faq page etc.
there are lots of community council website providers - we provide over 200 throughout scotland and wales. this website is an example built on the same system - browse the pages to see the functionality you could benefit from.





will my website comply with accessibility standards?
the underlying system, spanglefish 3 complies with wcag 2.1 level aa.
as with any content management system, if you do things like use colours without enough contrast, don't add alt text to images or upload documents which aren't themselves accessible then your website won't meet the standard. but we're on hand to help you in making sure you keep your site accessible.

how much will the website cost?
a website on spanglefish 3 costs £78 per year including an ssl certificate. this price is inclusive of vat.
you might want to pay for some addons, like plausible statistics or the dedicated meetings calendar, but most councils are perfectly happy with what they get for the base price. for more information view our pricing page.







 
examples







midlothian federation of community councils



sleat community council













upcoming events




 
8
apr
25

community council meeting


 
10
jun
25

community council meeting







latest news






30
nov
23

			lorem ipsum




11
sep
23

			semper vitae leo quis






to view examples of parish and community councils built on this system click here.









council clerk13 high stbrigadooniv79 4xt
+44 (0) 1555555555





@brigadooncc
facebook




privacy policy
cookie policy
accessibility statement
credits
sitemap
copyright © 2005-2025 community-council.org.uk



^


