







2025 ccsa charter schools conference in sacramento, ca


















 















            menu
        




attend
exhibit
awards and competitions
hotel & travel
log in






about
schedule
about ccsa
policies
media


attend
register
hotels and travel
what is included?
faqs for attendees


program
program search
general sessions
program session types
breakout session strands and topics
important deadlines for presenters
faqs for presenters




about
exhibit
sponsor
advertise


resources
floorplan and exhibitor search
exhibit hall schedule
rules and regulations
demographics
frequently asked questions
vendor membership benefits


portal
login




awards
teacher of the year
volunteer of the year


competitions
student pitch competition


scholarship
susan steelman bragato scholarship















march 10-13, 2025
safe credit union convention center, sacramento, ca



















announcing general session keynotes and panels!




tuesday keynote
championing inclusion and accessibility for all students


haben girma

learn more here: deafblind lawyer, dancer & surfer haben girma named a hero by bbc



wednesday panel
hidden in plain sight: serving students experiencing homelessness, foster youth, and lgbtq+ youth with excellence




dr. tiffany mitchell





shelby feliciano-sabala





gregory allan datu cendana





alicia jones






thursday keynote
harvesting dreams: resilience and opportunity, my journey as a charter school alumna


erica alfaro

learn more here: introducing erica alfaro



thursday panel
legacy of leadership: the trailblazing founders of california charter schools




dr. yvonne chan





dr. paul keefer





alton b. nelson, jr.






thank you to our 2025 conference sponsors!
principal sponsor

scam warning
selling attendee data: we have been notified that organizations have been misrepresenting themselves as having affiliation with ccsa sending spam emails for the ccsa conference in an attempt to sell attendee emails and phone numbers. please be aware that these organizations are not sanctioned by ccsa. ccsa does not sell attendee email addresses or phone numbers.
hotels: we have been notified that organizations misrepresenting themselves as housing vendors for the ccsa conference have been contacting attendees and exhibitors in an attempt to solicit business. please be aware that these organizations are not sanctioned by ccsa. neither ccsa, host hotels, nor any official housing representative will make solicitations to attendees or exhibitors about housing. to ensure the validity of your reservations, please book your rooms directly by using the hotel links on the ccsa conference website.















ccsa privacy policy, terms of use, and conference code of conduct


registration orgeneral questions
email 
            phone (800) 280-6218


exhibitor and sponsorlogistics
email 
            phone (800) 280-6218
            fax (541) 346-3509


programming orbreakout questions
email 
            phone (800) 280-6218


hotel and travelquestions
email 

 

hosted by the california charter schools association.






