
 

jack mount's home place:  home page for jack d. mount





jack mount's home place
....  


 welcome to my home place.  i am a retired paleontologist/geologist, museum curator, college instructor, and geosciences librarian.  

this webpage is a gateway to the websites i have created for my many interests.

i have also provided lists of links to websites dealing with arizona and tucson; some general reference pages which i have found useful in finding interesting information; and a list of web search engines and subject catalogs for locating additional web pages.

the images at the tops or bottoms of the pages are of vintage postcards from my
personal collection.  i have prepared descriptions of the
postcards.

         


      


tucson weather
 


contents
 arizona and tucson resources
  beer resources
 birds in my yard
 birds resources
 books resources & newbooks lists
 highways and roads resources
 historic u.  s. highway "route" 66 resources
 my ancestral family lines & genealogy resources
 my ebay auctions
 my elongated pennies collection
 my hopalong collection
 my letterboxing activities
 my national parks passport cancellation stamps
 my paleontological articles & papers
 my postal history exhibits
 my postcard exhibits
 my web campaigns, club memberships, "web awards", etc.
 national parks and monuments resources
 paleontology and fossils resources
 postcards resources & exhibits
 some useful reference &
informative pages (links):  postal services; weather; flags of the u. s. & the states;
government; yellow pages;  and dictionaries & encyclopedias
 topsites that i manage
 walking and hiking resources
 web search engines, subject catalogs, people finders, etc.
 webrings i am ringmaster for




my email address
jdmount@cox.net



doing what feels good, what's convenient, what's easy, that's how little kids think.  unfortunately a lot of so-called grownups, including some with fancy titles, important jobs, still think that way, which is why things are so screwed up.
- former president barack obama, may 16, 2020





  

new books currently available:

american cars

arizona

beer

birds and bird watching

brachiopods

buried & sunken treasure and lost mines

butterflies and moths

caves and caving

cheese

chocolate

coffee

dogs

gems and minerals
 
genealogy and family history
 
geocaching and letterboxing
 
geology
 
gps
 
highways and roads
 
hiking and walking
 
historic route 66
 
hopalong cassidy
 
license plates

maps, cartography, and gis
 
mining
 
mollusks - seashells
 
nevada
 
new jersey
 
paleontology and fossils

postcards & postcard collecting

rubber stamps & rubber stamping

scrapbooking & scrapbooks

star trek

star wars
 
the american revolution
 
the gulf, iraq and afghanistan wars

the x-files
 
trilobites
 
world war ii

for children and k-12




 "do not take
life too seriously.  you will never get out of it alive anyhow!" 
the pages at this place were last updated:  

november 19, 2024

copyright © 1995-2024




powered by webringo : visit ring page



 next >> << previous random site list all sites join the ringpowered by ringsurfhomepages netring


next >><< previousrandom site list all sitesjoin the ringpowered by ringsurfring fan netring


 next >> << previous random site list all sites join the ringpowered by ringsurfworld wide web netring


<< previous | next >> random site list all sitesjoin the ringpowered by ringsurfcircle of links netring


homepages galore ringpowered by ringsurf



pro-choicepower by ringsurf

 
 return to top of page - url:  http://nostalgia.esmartkid.com/index.html 
you are visitor number

by copsplus.com


since september 30, 2011
  





