


walking in the light





















    
	walking in the light
	
  



affordable christian website design: www.webdesign4him.com



lookup a word or passage in the bible














search for your favorite blog or add yours to the directory by clicking on my blog directory below.
my blog directory





monday, march 23, 2020



	 
	 now more than ever
	 
    


during this time of crisis as pandemic, virus, epidemic, quarantine, isolation, social distancing have become common words that we hear everyday, it is more important now more than ever that we become prayer warriors!

people ask what can we do to fight this covid-19 pandemic?

the answer is prayer. even churches are closed because of this social distancing. however, this doesn't mean services have stopped. many churches are offering online services.

god is listening...continue to pray daily. the power of prayer is an awesome thing!

this also brings to light an important point. the building where you go to worship is not the church. the people are the church!

keep the faith...this too shall pass.labels: covid-19, epidemic, isolation, pandemic, quarantine, social distancing, virus



posted by cmmdtp @ 11:17 am
0 comments






tuesday, march 03, 2009



	 
	 invisible christians
	 
    


are you an invisible christian? just because you go to church on sunday doesn't make you a good christian. there are many people that are in church every sunday without fail, but once they leave they feel they have fullfilled their obligation. that's not how it's supposed to work!being a christian is a full time job. we are supposed to be ambassadors for christ and as we go about our daily routine we should be proud to show that we are  christians.we often greet people by saying. "hi, how are you doing?" but do we really want to know how they are doing? do we want to hear about all their problems? the next time someone actually tells you how they are doing  be kind and listen to them when they start telling you all their troubles.  offer words of encouragement when they are down; pray with them and share god's word. let them know that you love them and god does too. you might even invite them to come to church with you next sunday.don't be an invisible christian; this is your chance to show your faith and share it with someone who is in need. don't worry about rather or not the person you are talking to is a christian, it doesn't matter, just show them some unconditional love. after all, that's what jesus did.please feel free to comment on this post.



posted by cmmdtp @ 8:29 am
1 comments






thursday, february 19, 2009



	 
	 ask, seek, knock
	 
    


"ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. for everyone who asks receives; he who seeks finds; and to him who knocks, the door will be opened."matthew 7:7-8 new international versionthis is an awesome bible verse and one of my favorites. it is said by most commentaries that this passage refers to prayer. ask implies a simple petitionseek indicates an earnast searchknock shows perseverance in spite of hindrances the three represent earnest prayer.jesus is talking about prayer and telling us that we can comepletly trust in god to listen to our prayers. this is good to know...god does hear our prayer! now don't expect an immediate response to your prayers, god will answer you in his own time. it may be right away, but more often then not, it may take months or even years before your prayers are answered.some people think that this verse is saying that we have a blank check from god and we can get whatever we want just by asking for it. this is far from true! we must go to god in prayer as a humble and submissive servant and ask for things that would be pleasing to him. we must set aside our own will and accept god's will! your comments are welcome.



posted by cmmdtp @ 7:26 am
0 comments






wednesday, february 18, 2009



	 
	 things to do during lenten season
	 
    


when i was a kid we were taught that we had to give up something every year for lent. of course it had to be something that you really liked; we were not allowed to give up homework or cleaning our room. more often than not i would give up chocolate, which always worked out well because at the end of lent comes easter and the easter bunny with loads of chocolate!lent is the time when jesus went into the wilderness for 40 days to fast, reflect and meditate. since i am diabetic, i can not fast; however, i am certainly able to reflect and meditate. over the years i have discovered that giving up something for lent wasn’t really satisfying to me so i decided to take on something new instead. here are some examples of how you can take on something new during this lenten season. it’s a good way to renew your soul, your body and your life; give it a try!the theme here is quiet, peaceful time for meditating and renewing yourself.* try turning off your television, radio, cell phone, computer, etc. spend some quiet time with yourself and just relax a little bit each day.* go for a walk or a bike ride.* take a nice long, hot bubble bath.* let go of old grudges and resentment. forgive and forget.* be nice to people, smile more and be kind to everyone you meet.* take time to read the bible every day and spend time praying.* if you really want to give something up, give up fast food; your body will love you for it.do these things for 40 days and when easter rolls around you will feel refreshed and better about yourself.your comments are welcome.



posted by cmmdtp @ 9:06 am
0 comments






monday, february 16, 2009




	 looking for friends and students of joan marinaro
	 



 my sister joan ellen marinaro passed away in 2003. i am working on writing a book about her which will include her poetry and some stories from friends, fellow teachers and students.when you think of joan, you should remember bright colors, especially purple; jewelry everywhere, fun outfits, her laughter, her love for the children she taught, gardening, her unconditional love for animals and especially her beautiful smile. if my sister touched your life, please email me at mmarinaro@nc.rr.com and share your memories.joan was a teacher in connecticut, texas, oregon, and arizona. she also spent several years on a navajo reservation in arizona teaching. if you remember joan, please contact me.you can read a little more about joan ellen marinaro by clicking here.



posted by cmmdtp @ 8:14 am
0 comments






wednesday, november 19, 2008



	 
	 update to one door closes and another opens
	 
    


here is an update to my last post. i have been out of work since being laid off on august 31st. i have had more time to concentrate on my web design business, www.webdesign4him.com and have picked up several new clients. i am not making enough money from that to pay the bills but every little bit helps and i am working hard trying to expand that business.one of our church members approached me upon hearing of my situation and offered me a telemarketing position with his company. this is great because i can do it from my home. i am not selling anything over the phone, all i have to do is setup appointments.my daily routine now goes something like this. i get up around 5:30 am and start my day with prayer. then i work on my website updates till around 7:00 am. i will eat breakfast and take a shower and then depending on my mood will either get dressed or stay in my pajamas. (interesting point here is that when i do get dressed it seems that i accomplish much more during the day.)i will continue working on websites till 9:30 am, then i begin making my telemarketing calls until 11:30 am. no sense calling people during lunch, so i take a break from 11:30 am till 1:00 pm. i will eat lunch and take a little walk if i feel up to it.i dive back into telemarketing from 1:00 pm till 3:00 pm and then i end my official work day. the rest of my afternoon is spent doing "honey do" stuff around the house. i vacuum, do the dishes, take out trash, fold clothes etc. sometimes (if the mood strikes me) i will cook dinner so it is ready when my wife arrives home from work around 6:30 pm.the evenings are spent with my wife and i usually end up going to bed around 11:00 pm. i end my day with prayer and drift off to sleep knowing that i have done my best today and tomorrow will be the first day of the rest of my life.you may ask, "why the strict time schedule if you really don't have a job to go to?" my answer is simply that i have found i accomplish much more if i have a plan and stick to it. i try to stay disciplined and motivated. of course there are some days where i just stay in my pajamas all day long and watch tv or mope around the house...after all i am only human!please leave your comments.



posted by cmmdtp @ 5:16 am
0 comments






wednesday, september 10, 2008



	 
	 one door closes and another opens
	 
    


wow, it's hard to believe i haven't posted here for almost 2 years! sometimes life just gets in the way! we spend so much time working and trying to earn a living that we don't take time to enjoy life!it looks like i will have more time now to keep up with my blogs since i have recently found myself without a job to go to anymore. the company i worked for the last 8 years had a nationwide layoff and i have been out of work since august 31st!i've often heard it said that when one door closes another will be opened for you, well i really hope that's true because not only do i not have a paycheck anymore, but i also am without health insurance and life insurance. not a good place to be for a 58-year-old diabetic!the same day i found about my layoff i also got the news from the nc department of motor vehicles that they were revoking my driving privaliges due to my vision problems.i am trying to remain strong and positive, but it's been pretty tough lately. i am glad that i have my faith to fall back on. i am reminded of that great poem, "footprints", which tells the story of being carried by jesus when times get really rough!my plan is to find a way to work from home so i don't have to worry about not being able to drive. so if any of you have a legitimate work from home program that you are aware of, please let me know about it.please leave your comments.



posted by cmmdtp @ 10:25 pm
0 comments













 blog written by mike marinaro view my profile









 




join our mailing list




» join now  it's free




 

























links

bed & breakfast experiences
web design 4 him
ramblings and rhetoric
marinaro family website
mike's world


you need javascript enabled to view these blessings. bible study aids

read some good news for a change:

good news blog

previous posts

now more than ever
invisible christians
ask, seek, knock
things to do during lenten season
looking for friends and students of joan marinaro
update to one door closes and another opens
one door closes and another opens
pickin' for the lord
feeding on god's word
how often do you attend church?

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2008
november 2008
february 2009
march 2009
march 2020









blog contents copyright © 2005 mike marinaro 





 



