


















atlanta, ga cpa / john masters cpa



























			e:  jmasters@jmasters.com  / t: (404)240-0048
			 
client portal login   
		subscribe

 




















john masters cpa p.c.






about john masters




sept/oct 2012 current accounts article




spotlight on the ga society of cpa's



 

services menu




tax services...




tax return preparation




tax planning




tax problems




irs audit representation




non-filed tax returns




back taxes owed




payroll tax problems




irs liens




irs levies




irs wage garnishment




irs seizures




offer in compromise




irs payment plan




bankruptcy




innocent spouse relief




get your irs file



 
 

business services...




small business accounting




new business formation



 

personal services...




financial planning




investment management




estate planning




elder care




will & trust preparation



 

accounting for candidates




telephone consult service




our privacy policy...



 

tax center




track your refund




tax due dates




tax rates




irs tax forms and publications




state tax forms




record retention guide




interactive tax organizer




2015 tax organizer




1040 tax calculator




marginal and effective tax rates calculator



 

newsletter




subscribe to our newletter




this months newsletter




previous newsletters



 

calculators




resources




client log-in




financial calculators




financial guides




link exchange



 

contact us







 john masters cpa p.c. 



call us: (404)240-0048







 peace of mind is knowing that your finances are looked after by experienced professionals who care about you. read more 







we offer a broad range of services to help you secure a sound financial future. read more 





 
providing the support you deserve. 






as a valued client, you get a secure, password-protected portal. read more  



 






where's my refund?
when will you receive your refund? the answer depends on how you filed your return. the irs should issue your refund check within six to eight weeks of filing a paper return.   







our newsletter
miss last month's newsletter? no problem. we keep the last 6 months of newsletters here for you to read.







state tax forms
quickly print the tax forms you need from any state in the country. 







our services
we are a full-service accounting firm licensed in ga. we offer a broad range of services for business owners, executives, and independent professionals.












featured articles















   our goal is to understand and satisfy your accounting and financial needs.    john masters is more than a cpa. he is also an attorney and a registered investment adviser. in addition to personal and corporate tax return preparation, our firm can offer assistance with elder care, new business formation, will and trust preparation, irs audit representation, estate planning, investment management, financial planning and much more.     our objective with johnmasterscpa.com is to provide you, our client, with quick and easy access to important financial information and to make doing business with us easier through online offerings such as a monthly newsletter, a secure client file exchange portal, an interactive tax organizer, a variety of financial calculators, federal and state tax forms.      we look forward to a long relationship with you,  john masters and staff      thank you for visiting john masters cpa, and please feel free to contact us with questions, comments or to make an appointment.   



   2250 north druid hills rd. suite 125 atlanta, ga 30329  (404) 240-0048 jmasters@jmasters.com 
















           
                  john masters cpa p.c. 
                2250 north druid hills rd.
                atlanta,, ga  30329
                phone: (404)240-0048 |
                fax: (404)393-8565
jmasters@jmasters.com


login   search   site map   privacy policy   disclaimer   
                






































