 




camp mariastella






























skip to content  


 


  camp mariastella


 






girls camp
retreat center
how you can help
leadership/mentoring programs
camp blog
contact us
 

  







camp mariastella summer 2024!
*registration still open!  see you soon! 
register here.


a note from the directors,
we are excited to welcome you back to camp mariastella!  as always, we will take care to keep each camper healthy and safe during their stay with us. we are excited to be at camp rancho ybarra this summer in tujunga canyon!
camp rancho ybarra is in a lovely setting in the angeles national forest with a beautiful pool, a stream running through it, and a great dining room and recreation room! 
we will have small numbers of campers for each session – no more than 55 campers – with a camper-to-staff ratio of 2 counselors to 6 campers.
staff are well trained in all aspects of camp including:


first aid


camp crafts 


lifeguard 


drama


dance


imagination and dreaming activities 


goal setting for older girls


camp singing


star gazing 


 we can’t wait to see your child at camp this year!
please contact us if you have any questions or concerns,
best,
sister jennifer
sister patricia
please email campmariastella@aol.com or call (818) 285-1555 for more information. 







history  – camp mariastella, inc. is a not-for-profit that is chartered by the sisters of social service. the sisters, who had been involved in youth camping since the 1930’s, founded mariastella in 1941. their values are consciously reflected in the spirit and program of camp.   it has always been the sisters’ philosophy that mariastella should serve children and young adults from all walks of life. mariastella is a place to come together, recognize commonalities, and learn from each other through living together in a cooperative environment. youth groups from all over southern california have an opportunity to “be still and pause a while” in a scenic, safe environment, where listening, sharing, praying and growing happen naturally. at mariastella, the children are presented with opportunities for fun, friendship, and a chance to explore their own values as well as their dreams. mariastella is a place to be and make a friend.




each trail that winds among the pines will always be in our memory. when evening campfires cease burning bright, when each last ember fades from sight, we go to rest and know that god is watching mariastella tonight.
camp song







leave a reply cancel replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment * name * 
email * 
website 
 save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment.
 

 









copyright © all rights reserved. theme wisdom academy by creativ themes

 








 
