 





steven l. sears – screenwriter/author/producer/actor






















 










steven l. sears






































































































what do the a-team and xena warrior princess have in common? 





writer/producer/author





steven l. sears














steven l. sears has worked as a writer, story editor,
producer and creator in television, film, digital media and animation. his
lengthy career has encompassed over fifteen separate television series, and
development deals with many major studios in the industry, including columbia
studios, sony/tristar television, rhysher entertainment, artists inc., cookie
jar entertainment, digital pictures and many others.  














steven’s initial foray into professional television writing
came with his hiring as a staff writer on the stephen j. cannell productions
hit tv series riptide, for the nbc television network. he followed that up by
adding his talents to the writing staff of one of the more popular genre series
of its time, the a-team, also for nbc. from there, he continued his career by writing and working
on such popular series as hardcastle & mccormick, jj starbuck, stingray,
walker-texas ranger, highwayman, robin’s hoods, hollywood detective, father
dowling mysteries, hardball, grand slam, jesse hawkes, superboy, s.h.e. spies
and many other television favorites. his animation experience includes itsy
bitsy spider, transformers: rescue bots and working with the legendary
animation director don bluth as writer on the short feature the gift of the
hoopoe. more than just a writer, steven also moved up through
production as a story editor and producer to creator of television series.
after producing swamp thing for usa network and raven for cbs, he soon moved to
a series that has made its mark in television and pop culture history, as
co-executive producer of the wildly popular series xena – warrior princess. he
followed that up by co-creating the latest incarnation of the legendary comic
book heroine sheena for sony/tristar television, which ran for two
seasons. still involved in television and film development, he
recently branched out into the literary world. he is a contributor to the last
cities of earth anthology, based on the artwork of jeff sturgeon, and his
partnership with popular sci-fi author kevin j. anderson (dune: house atreides;
clockwork angels; dan shamble, zombie p.i.) has resulted in the gritty
futuristic sci-fi graphic novel stalag-x. 
published by vault comics, stalag-x already has an option deal in
place.




a popular figure at genre sci-fi/pop culture conventions, steven has an eclectic fan base as a result of his many series and accomplishments and is a frequent guest speaker at colleges and universities.



























a first-person guide to working in the television industry as a writer







a thrilling sci-fi graphic novel co-created with award winning sci-fi author kevin j. anderson





















office@pondalee.com






















