


titanic facts | history of the titanic

















titanic facts








» titanic facts
» history of the titanic
» the titanic ship
» the sinking of the titanic
» passengers on the titanic
» titanic pictures
» the titanic movie
» infographic










some titanic facts 


the rms titanic in full glory
 
  	 the world's interest in the fascinating history of titanic has endured for almost 100 years. april 15, 2005 will mark the 93rd anniversary of the sinking of the titanic ship and although it has been nearly a century since the infamous luxury liner sank in the atlantic ocean, there continues to be a thirst for information regarding titanic facts, myths and legends.


no other ship in the history of ocean travel has demanded as much interest as the titanic.
 volumes of books and reels of film have been produced regarding the most infamous shipwreck in history. we have attempted to provide here a brief introduction to some of the more fascinating facts, legends and myths regarding the sinking of the ship that was labeled 'unsinkable' before her disastrous maiden voyage in april of 1912. 






history of the titanic - the history of titanic has endured for nearly a century. find out more about the most fascinating ship and shipwreck in the world and how the tragedy of the ship continues to affect us today. 






 april 15, 1912, the sinking of the titanic - when the titanic embarked on her maiden voyage the world was filled with hope and awe. in just a few short days those emotions turned to horror and grief. find out what really happened that day in 1912: the sinking of the titanic. 





passengers on the titanic- one of the most fascinating aspects about the tragic history of the titanic, is the eclectic mix of passengers onboard the ill fated luxury liner. when the ship sank, the lives of both the famous and the unknown were lost as well. spend a few moments learning about the famous and not so famous passengers on the titanic. look here for a titanic passenger list with the names of first, second and third 
    class passengers and survivors. 





titanic ship - while the titanic ship initially earned fame as the largest luxury liner on the open seas, she would obtain enduring distinction for the tragedy that took the ship to her watery grave. return to the titanic and discover the surprising facts that led to the ship's destruction from the moment she set sail.





titanic facts - it has been almost 100 years since the titanic sank. during that time a number of myths and legends have grown up around the sinking of the now infamous ship. take a few moments to read about some of the more interesting and true titanic facts.





titanic movie -the 1997 release of 'titanic' renewed the world's interest in a bygone era and the fate of the titanic's maiden voyage. find out more about the titanic movie that captured the world's interest and won a ton of academy awards.









titanic pictures - for years the world pondered what the 'ship of dreams' might have really looked like and wondered if any part of the ship still remained to be seen somewhere below the icy depths of the atlantic ocean. in 1985 the first pictures of the wreck were taken. immerse yourself in pictures of the titanic's grave and find out what role those pictures have made in discovering the truth about the ship's tragic end.





titanic construction - the white star line billed the titanic as 'unsinkable' months before the ship ever embarked on her maiden voyage. her construction was reputed to have been the best of the best. so, why did she sink and did the ship's construction have anything to do with the tragedy?





titanic manifest - the manifest of the maiden, and only, voyage of the titanic provides a fascinating look into life aboard the famous luxury liner during her brief few days at sea. find out why the titanic was called 'the ship of dreams'.






titanic wreck - following the sinking of the titanic in 1912, various groups and individuals searched for the titanic wreck for decades. many had started to believe the ship's grave would never be found. become immersed in the search for the titanic wreck.







titanic artifacts - the artifacts recovered from the titanic wreck are a sad reminder of what happened that april morning of 1912. 
    menus, clothes, jewelry, bottles of wine, letters from passengers on the titanic, etc. were salvaged from the depths of the ocean and put on display in museums and exhibits or auctioned.


 


questions and answers about the titanic - questions and answers regarding the ship that was labeled 'unsinkable.'
 
 
- site map -          all text and images copyright © 2012 titanic-facts.com








