home | farmers and merchants saving bank 
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.  close alert  fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentfarmers and merchants saving bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


e-banking services

personal checking

savings / money market

mobile banking

health savings accounts

cds / iras

loans

credit cards

trust services



business


treasury management

business deposits

commercial lending

ag lending



about


celebrating a century

history

contact us

locations & hours

financial condition

newsletters

in the community



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.<a href="https://fmsbmia.banking.apiture.com/start/fmsbmia" target="_top" rel="noopener"><strong>click here to log into online banking.</strong></a>reset passwordenroll in online bankingenroll in business online banking  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchfarmers and merchants saving bank   celebrating a century
f&m bank is celebrating 100 years of service in 2025!
 

 
celebrate with us    in the community
see our impact    committed to success
our team is ready to serve your business.

see what we offer play main slider/pause main slider welcome to f&m bank!  we are proud to serve our communities through building relationships and going above and beyond in every aspect of what we do.   
e-banking

manage all of your accounts from one place, from any place.

discover e-banking
  
lost or stolen card

need a replacement card? reporting a lost or stolen card is easy.

request a new card  
locations

search for a branch or atm locations nearest you.

find a location  
contact us

have a question? we would like to hear from you.

send a message
  

calculators

access our financial tools to help you calculate savings and more.

view our calculators
       mobile banking
do your banking on the go. your trusted bank is now in your pocket.
 

bank from anywhere
manage all of your accounts
it’s safe, easy and secure 

download our app     subscribe to our newsletter!
stay up to date on f&m bank news & upcoming events. sign up close newsletter signup subscribe.

    exceeding expectations

f&m bank's financial experts have the knowledge and products tailored perfectly to your business.   business e-banking services  we offer a variety of innovative, convenient services for your business.

businesses e-banking  commercial lending  our team of lending experts prides itself on our responsiveness to the needs of our clients.

commercial lending  ag lending  we are proud to assist farming operations to expand and grow their business through generations.

ag lending     stay connected.

find us on facebook and linkedin for news, updates, and community events!

find us on facebook!    health savings accounts
with an hsa you get protection against high or unexpected medical bills, the flexibility to be able to save for current or future medical needs and complete control over the account.

view health savings    clickswitch

switching your accounts to f&m bank doesn't have to be a hassle. we make it simple!

start the switch play secondary area slider/pause secondary area sliderback to the topfarmers and merchants saving bank 

community


in the community

sleep in heavenly peace

leaders who lunch



bank


regency club events

history

contact us

locations & hours

financial condition



support


report lost / stolen card

reorder checks

id theftsmart

clickswitch



legal


privacy policy





youtube

facebook

linkedin

©  farmers and merchants saving bankmember fdicequal housing lender 




