












































    
    havre de grace chamber of commerce | harford county
  
  
















               


   




       home



  about us



  calendar



  directory



  membership


   join the chamber



  membership application





  contact



  login



  downtown makeover information














    
 





      


    




welcome to the
 havre de grace

 chamber of commerce

        








member directory﻿

     





calendar of events

    



membership

    



chamber news






   
 support our platinum sponsors
 



     

the vandiver inn


   

evonik


   

joretro


   

water street seafood




       
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button



 
  slide title
write your caption here

  

button







  key activity highlights
 
the hdg chamber presented the susquehanna workforce network on workforce development.  read a full description of their presentation in the blog below.the hdg chamber partnered with the harford county chamber of commerce and the hdg department of economic development and tourism to celebrate the expansion of emerald technology systems and defense interns on market street.  we welcome emerald for their commitment to their industry, to the defense community and the city.   

view more upcoming events




       upcoming events
 
  



  tell us what you need
 products? services? other?we have members that can fulfill your needs. submit a request for information.

  

submit a request

  

join our mailing list


  new members
 
  








    latest news & updates

     

    susquehanna workforce network presentation


 by julie ruhnke
•
5 february 2025

swn described the state of career education

 




   

    the chamber institutes muddy boots campaign


 by julie ruhnke
•
26 november 2024

muddy boots will help downtown district during makeover

 




   

    ryan furniture says goodbye


 by julie ruhnke
•
26 november 2024

happy retirement to one of our longest members

 





 show more






    about the chamber

the havre de grace chamber of commerce is the oldest chamber in harford county. it was formed in 1928 under the sponsorship of the kiwanis club. the chamber was later incorporated and has now been in continuous existence since for over 92 years.​today it is an active organization with over 150 members. the chamber works closely with the city administration, main street organization and the arts and entertainment community. we maintain an office at 224 n washington st.  the chamber welcomes your comments regarding any part of our operations.
 city of

havre de grace

    explore

havre de grace
tourism

  

explore explore hdg


  


 city of 

havre de grace

  

explore city of hdg


  havre de grace 

main street

  

explore hdg main street







   







          about the chamber

the havre de grace chamber of commerce is the oldest chamber in harford county. it was formed in 1928 under the sponsorship of the kiwanis club. the chamber was later incorporated and has now been in continuous existence since that date.​today it is an active organization with over 140 members. the chamber works closely with the city administration, main street office and the office of tourism. we maintain an office at 224 n. washington street. the chamber welcomes your comments regarding any part of the chamber operations.

 get in touch:
  

email us

coordinator@hdgchamber.com﻿224 n washington sthavre de grace md 21078
you can also find us here:
    

 

 

 








    


   all rights reserved havre de grace chamber of commerce
 © 2025



              powered by : 
chamber nation
               member services by 
pippily.ai






   






















































































































  
  share by:











