






seward alaska fishing charters | lodge | saltwater safari company














saltwater safari company

seward, ak


(907) 224-5232
saltwatersafarico@gmail.com
menu

facebook
instagram
google




lodging

crow's nest
safari lodge
3 bedroom home


location

seward


charters

halibut full day offshore
salmon fishing
rockfish fishing
overnight fishing charters
what to bring


vessels & crew
tours
rates
gallery
blog
swag
reservations
contact













































seward alaska fishing charters
seward fishing lodge and charters

for many of us, alaska fishing trips are a
            tremendous commitment in time and money. the crew at saltwater safari company is very aware of this
            and understands how important your long-planned alaska fishing charter adventure can be in seward,
            alaska.
our employees, like our clients, are serious anglers and hunters that travel the furthest reaches of
            the world in search of outdoor adventure. we know what we expect in an alaska fishing charter,
            alaska fishing lodge and excellent service...therefore, we constantly strive to exceed in all
            aspects of our operation.
our safari fishing lodge is the premier seward
            alaska fishing lodge and is located right on the boardwalk in the seward boat harbor. we are the
            premier seward fishing lodge and are centrally located in the heart of all the action and an easy
            walk to many restaurants, pubs & shops in seward, alaska. 
the ultimate deep-sea alaska fishing charter adventure awaits you when you fish with saltwater safari
            company in seward, alaska. not only will you be fishing alaska's most productive long-range fishing
            grounds, you will be doing it with the company that pioneered the entire region. saltwater safari
            company maintains its reputation as the seward charter service that targets big halibut, lingcod, rockfish and salmon
            shark. we also offer seward fishing charters that will take you silver salmon fishing & king salmon fishing. our
            alaska fishing charter service proudly enjoys consistent record catches.
saltwater safaris offers the most action-packed seward sportfishing. we offer a variety of different
            seward fishing charters:

full day seward halibut fishing
full day seward salmon fishing
full day seward rockfish fishing
full day seward long range fishing




go fishing with saltwater safari




book your lodging

 book your fishing 
make your reservation
1210 4th avenue
            seward, ak 99664 
            1-(907)-224-5232 
contact us »






platinum
alaska 08
alaska 09
combat
alaska's largest, privately sponsored military appreciation fishing tournament. honoring america's brave service members who have served our nation with honor and courage in the iraq and afghanistan theatres of war. for more information visit www.combatfishing.org



saltwater safari seward alaska fishing company
saltwater safari seward alaska fishing company offers the perfect getaway on the shores of seward,
        alaska.
        copyright © 2024. all rights reserved. links - sitemap















