


















home - st. lawrence-lewis boces

























































 

















calendaremploymentdirectorystaff emailstaff resourcestech tips

search












homeabout usadult education & workforce developmentcareer & technical educationdistrict support servicesspecial education











 
agricultural studies academyagricultural studies academythis program gives students many work-based learning opportunities across st. lawrence county.
special educationempowering every learnercustomized support and educational opportunities for every ability.
northwest tech centernorthwest tech centernorthwest tech center offers a variety of programs designed to prepare students for different career paths. 
seaway tech centerseaway tech centermany students who complete a program at seaway tech earn industry-recognized certification.
southwest tech centersouthwest tech centerstudents take classes that prepare them for college or to advance in the career or trade of their choice.
 





news & announcements





boces grant supports students in need
a total of $1.1 million was awarded to st. lawrence-lewis boces three years ago to distribute food, clothing, and supplies… 







senior audrieanna sherman receives vocational excellence award
seaway career & technical education center is pleased to announce that audrieanna sherman is the december recipient of the rev.… 







heuvelton student designs flyer for suny potsdam basketball event
james klussmann, a senior at heuvelton csd enrolled in the digital media design program at northwest career & technical education… 







canton central school district superintendent search
the board of education of the canton central school district is currently seeking an exceptional educational leader to serve as… 






view all news




featured video



















40 west main street • canton, ny 13617
phone: (315) 386-4504 • fax: (315) 386-3395
facebookparentsquareyoutube







learn more about sll boces:
the board of cooperative educational services of st. lawrence-lewis counties serves 18 school districts in st. lawrence and lewis counties by providing cost-effective shared services to expand educational opportunity.

about us










this website is maintained by st. lawrence-lewis counties boces. it is the goal of sll boces that this website is accessible to all users. view our accessibility statement. sll boces is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site. some links and features on this site require the adobe acrobat reader to view. visit the adobe website to download the free acrobat reader. this website was produced by the capital region boces engagement & development services, albany, ny.

copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.
















