


the edwards aquifer website
















































index to all pages:

--
alternatives to the edwards aquifer
aquifer storage and recovery
barton springs
bibliography
brackenridge park
brush management
canyon lake
carrizo aquifer
charts and graphs
cloudseeding
colorado river
comal springs and landa park
conservation
data
desalination
drought restrictions
edwards aquifer notecards
endangered species act
endangered species of the edwards
faults and caves
frequently asked questions
glossary of water resource terms
goodenough spring
gregg eckhardt
guadalupe river
home
hot wells hotel
hydrogeology of the edwards
introduction to the edwards
issues surrounding the edwards
j-17 index well
landa park
las moras springs
laws and regulations
leona springs
library of images and essays
links to other sites
medina lake and canal system
modeling the edwards aquifer
news for current and previous years
other edwards aquifer resources
pop quiz!
rainwater harvesting
recharge dams
regional climate
robber baron cave
ron pucek's catfish farm
salado creek and the farmer's well
san antonio river
san antonio springs
san felipe springs
san marcos springs
san pedro springs
simsboro aquifer
texas house bill 3189
texas senate bill 1477
todd votteler archives
trinity aquifer
water recycling and reuse










the edwards aquifer is a unique groundwater  system and one of the most prolific artesian aquifers in the world.  it is one of the greatest natural resources on earth, serving the diverse agricultural, industrial, recreational, and domestic needs of more than two million users in south central texas.
within this region and poised on the edge of the vast chihuahuan desert lies san antonio, america's 7th largest city.  the city has a semi-arid climate, and water from the edwards is the reason that 18th century spanish missionaries were able to establish footholds like the alamo here on the new world frontier.  for over two centuries, san antonio and many other cities in the surrounding region were able to grow and prosper without developing surface water or other water resources because of the edwards aquifer.
in recent decades, 

      demand  for water in the region has increased well beyond the aquifer's capacity to provide for a growing population. increasing concerns about the welfare of  endangered species and regional economies that depend on springflows from the aquifer have become defining issues for central texas.  for these reasons, waters users of the region have faced tough and controversial decisions about who owns, controls, and uses aquifer water.
to develop a rational and sustainable management   of this natural resource, it is useful to have is a good understanding of the edwards and its  limitations.  these pages are presented by gregg eckhardt as an information resource for the general public, so people may become better informed about the edwards aquifer and issues surrounding it. 
 
  
  




features

news
10.25.24
 edwards springs included in new book on notable springs of the u.s.
10.10.24
 preliminary hearing set for guajalote ranch wastewater discharge case.
09.23.24
 sa zoo may be fined for overpumping.
08.14.24
 fight continues over guajalote ranch wastewater discharge permit.
07.31.24
 feds delay decision on listing blind catfish as endangered.
07.10.24
 comal county quarry advances with approval of water quality plan.
06.25.24
 san antonio enters stage 3 drought rules.
videos






please send suggestions and comments to: gregg@edwardsaquifer.net

© copyright (1995-2025) by gregg eckhardt
    
    these pages were created and are maintained by gregg eckhardt.  you are free to copy and redistribute unmodified copies for non-commercial purposes without restriction.  

privacy policy:  no cookies, no ads, no spyware, no nothing.  once in a while i look at my hit counts.  otherwise, i do not collect or use any information about your surfing habits on any of these pages.
 


















