








home | college of liberal arts and sciences







































































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                college of liberal arts and sciences                            
college of liberal arts and sciences





search university of connecticut

search uconn








search university communications

search uconn







search uconn





a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z













click to open menu


















homeabout

about the college college administration strategic plan 2020-2025 news events calendar diversity, equity, and inclusion

academics

majors and programs departments and units advising and resources

researchstudents

undergraduate students graduate students scholarships and fellowships leadership and mentorship programs

clas student leadership board clas mentorship programs

 commencement

faculty & staff

resources guidelines and procedures endowed chairs college awards faculty success funding opportunities

alumni

for alumni alumni awards give to clas

contact


search this sitesearch in https://clas.uconn.edu/>search 





















empowered students. engaged faculty. diversity of thought. one community.



college of liberal arts and sciences
we are a diverse, innovative community where students learn to succeed, scholars create impactful knowledge, and we all work toward meaningful change in connecticut and around the world. 
discover the power of a modern liberal arts education 
clas by the numbers
55
undergraduate majors
15:1
student to faculty ratio
92%
first-year retention rate
$67m
annual research expenditures
download the 2025 uconn clas fact sheet
explore clas
departments and unitsexplore the core academic communities housed within our college.
 
clas departments
majors and programsour academic programs span the sciences and the humanities.
 
areas of study
research prioritiesclas researchers create new knowledge that impacts connecticut and the world.
 
explore research
featured headlines









students gain fieldwork experience studying geohazards in taiwan


uconn students explored the country’s rich geological landscape and worked alongside students from national taiwan university











‘for you’: what to know about news on tiktok









in memoriam: ross d. mackinnon, former dean of the college of liberal arts and sciences









humanities fellow studying literature from black power era and its reception in france


 


 








facebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutubegive to clas
students
majors and programs
resources for current students
clas academic services center
scholarships and fellowships
center for career readiness and life skills

 
faculty and staff
dean's office staff
resources and offices
guidelines and procedures
clas shared services center

alumni and friends
get involved
uconn magazine
alumni events
uconn foundation

 
contact usphone: (860) 486-2713e-mail: clas@uconn.eduaddress: 215 glenbrook road, unit 4098
storrs, connecticut 06269-4098

philip e. austin building, suite 401  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

a-z index





































