






home - confederate postal history




































home
contact


















								about							



								services							



								i buy csa							



								retail							



								csa fakes							



								articles							



								exhibits							



								primer							



								resources							












home
contact




menu





									about								



									services								



									i buy csa								



									retail								



									csa fakes								



									articles								



									exhibits								



									primer								



									resources								
























					trish kaufmann

				


welcome to trishkaufmann.com. i am a professional philatelist and have been working in the philatelic community for more than fifty years. i work with stamp collectors, postal history researchers, and philatelic exhibitors all over the world.
i enjoy research and i write for a wide variety of journals and magazines. i have served on several boards, and held office in numerous philatelic associations and societies. many of the hundreds of articles i’ve written are available here on the website. i hope you’ll enjoy browsing through my writing.
my work and website concentrate primarily on confederate postal history, american civil war- era stamps, and stampless covers. you will find not only articles, a csa stamp primer, and researcher resources, but also my complete inventory of stamps, postal history, and literature. the inventory is fully searchable and contains detailed descriptions of the philatelic materials in the retail catalog. the site is heavily linked, so additional information is always at your fingertips.
welcome to trishkaufmann.com! as you explore, if you have specific questions or are looking for a confederate philatelic item not shown, please feel free to contact me. thanks for visiting!


about trish


contact me












featured listings






										csa 8, 2¢ brown red									

										item# 14835									






										u.s. 3¢ dull red #26									

										item# 13888									






										charleston s.c. #16x1									

										item# 15743									






										nashville, tenn. #61x5									

										item# 18708									






										csa 1 intemperance cover									

										item# 18926									






										“our flag” patriotic sticker, largest known multiple									

										item# 19741									






										john bell 1860 us campaign cover used in csa									

										item# 14795									






										navasota texas pin-perf 									

										item# 21830									






										csa 5a, 10¢ carmine 									

										item# 21825									














"you are the best confederate dealer out there today."
- ks


"it's so nice dealing with a true professional."
- mv


"i owe my love of confederates almost solely to you, and your correspondence and help."
- dsm


"this is definitely the best, most informative philatelic email newsletter that i receive! thanks for all that you do for the hobby."
- sk


"i am a first-time buyer (with you); just happy to get (a stamp) of this quality and appreciate the superb customer service you have given to me. no wonder you're so highly regarded in the industry."
- mg


"thank you for your extraordinary effort. good dealers help good collectors build good collections."
- ph


"your honesty, kindness, willingness to mentor, and the quality of your material make you number one in my book."
- ml


"your wonderful articles over the years have definitely helped me learn about confederates and enjoy collecting them all that much more."
- sm


"i wish there were stamp dealers this side of the pond  as good as you."
- bs


"csa philately wouldn’t be what it is today without you. keep up the great work."
- pcp


"i was amazed at the depth and breadth of the selections you have listed, and the wealth of knowledge you have shared there."
- dw


"just how many trish kaufmanns are there?  judging from your work, there must be at least 3 of you running around."
- jc


"be proud of your 50 years of service. you epitomize an ambassador of philately."
- ji


"trish kaufmann is without question the most knowledgeable expert on civil war postal history and the most prolific contributor to scholarship about this area of collecting."
- jm


"you always have a great selection of historical covers/letters."
- ml


"i always get more than i expect when dealing with you."
- wj


"you have become a legend in your field.  i hope you continue to have great success."
- cr


"this is the best book i've ever read on csa stamps (csa catalog)."
- go


"thank you so much for such great and fast service (as usual)."
- dk


"a most profound and wonderful pleasure to know you and share similar interests. thank you so much."
- ab








buy

 
buy now




sell

 
sell now




learn


  
learn more









life memberships



                american association of philatelic exhibitors            



                american philatelic research library            



                american philatelic society            



                civil war philatelic society            



                u.s. philatelic classics society            




memberships



                american stamp dealers association            



                collectors club of new york            



                national stamp dealers association            



                royal philatelic society london            



                united states stamp society            















				© 2025 trish kaufmann. all rights reserved.
			






















