












welcome to the watership inn – your home in the heart of provincetown



































































































facebooktwitterwelcome
rooms
rates & policies
provincetown

transportation
attractions & events


contact us





menu



 








previousnext1234

welcome to the watership inncomfort and relaxation in provincetown, massachusetts

your home in the heart of provincetown
when it was originally built in the seafaring days of the 1820’s, the watership inn was a home from the sea to provincetown’s ship captains. now let it be your home during your visit to provincetown. jim, dave, mikey and rick are here to welcome you aboard.
located right in the heart of town, yet situated on a quiet side street, the watership inn is just a moment away from the bustle of commercial street’s fine restaurants, theater, shops, nightclubs, bars and world famous teadance. provincetown harbor is just a half block away from our front door.
share on facebookshare on twittershare on google+share on pinterestshare by mail



news & specials


welcome 2024!
we at watership inn are looking forward to welcoming friends, old and new, to come experience the magic of provincetown.
whether you need a weekend getaway or an extended stay, our deckhands are here to help you plan it.
please call us at 800-330-9413 or 508-487-0094 for updated information on rates, availability and events.
help wanted:  deckhands
watership inn is looking for full-time deckhands this summer.  duties include housekeeping, front desk and light maintenance.  wages, tips, housing and laundry access included.  call rick or dave at 508-487-0094 to apply.

specials and events
check out the “specials” and “events” pages for possible last-minute deals and sponsored activities.

seasonal specials » provincetown events calendar »

accommodations
the watership inn features fifteen uniquely appointed rooms with private baths. we also offer two apartments/suites with fully equipped kitchen, living room and dining area.


private bathincluded with all rooms.

air conditioningmost rooms have air conditioning, all are fan-cooled.

wi-fi & cableincluded with all rooms.
amenities
included with your stay:


breakfastcontinental breakfast included, as well as ice and mixers (in-season).

parkingone parking space per unit.

yard, grill & moreguests are welcome to use the yard, bbq grill, bike racks and lobby.

browse rooms »


photo tourwelcome to the watership inn
porch
lobby
lobby
lobby
lobby
lobby
breakfast room
garden
garden
garden
back yard
back yard
back yard
previousnext1234567891011121314

what guests are saying


over the years, we have collected many happy memories while staying at the watership inn.
bill and josesan francisco
really friendly place, great staff, great rooms, great location, really nice guests, and nice breakfast room for meeting folk.
louisnew york city
the room was great, the bed comfortable and it is conveniently located and quiet.
robfort lauderdale
we won a two night stay at the inn at a fund raiser years ago and have been coming back every year since. it has been a great find for us.
john and terryphiladelphia
very friendly place, good breakfast, love the set-up of the room, very homey feeling.
jean-claudemontreal
this is my first time to ptown and i want to say thanks for making it so memorable and enjoyable. everything about our visit and our stay here was totally enjoyable—we would definitely come back.
joey and robboston
previousnext
   

 
watership inn your home in the heart of provincetown. 
www.watershipinn.com
 info@watershipinn.com 
7 winthrop street
provincetown, ma 02657
(800) 330-9413
(508) 487-0094
check in: 2:00 pm
check out: 11:30 am








copyright 2023, watership inn, all rights reserved. site by appleseed solutions. 






scroll to top










































