


















home page - ctrides


































































































 




skip to content








 english


 afrikaans albanian amharic arabic armenian azerbaijani basque belarusian bengali bosnian bulgarian catalan cebuano chichewa chinese (simplified) chinese (traditional) corsican croatian czech danish dutch english esperanto estonian filipino finnish french frisian galician georgian german greek gujarati haitian creole hausa hawaiian hebrew hindi hmong hungarian icelandic igbo indonesian irish italian japanese javanese kannada kazakh khmer korean kurdish (kurmanji) kyrgyz lao latin latvian lithuanian luxembourgish macedonian malagasy malay malayalam maltese maori marathi mongolian myanmar (burmese) nepali norwegian pashto persian polish portuguese punjabi romanian russian samoan scottish gaelic serbian sesotho shona sindhi sinhala slovak slovenian somali spanish sudanese swahili swedish tajik tamil telugu thai turkish ukrainian urdu uzbek vietnamese welsh xhosa yiddish yoruba zulu























live
support












residents & visitors
employers
drive less ct
about
ctrides app
contact

search for:




 













 










fewer cars.
better air.
healthier lives.

sustainable and active transportation in connecticut starts with ctrides.









try a greener way to get around

connecticut’s robust public transportation system seamlessly complements a statewide carpooling and vanpooling program, offering residents convenient and environmentally conscious travel solutions. the state also offers a vast network of biking and walking trails, for alternative transportation options and promoting active lifestyles.






explore your options
















try transit!

whether commuting to work or exploring your favorite restaurants, entertainment venues, new york attractions, and more, connecticut’s buses and trains have you covered.






public transit in your area


















 



find a carpool and see your environmental impact

the ctrides app, available to both residents and visitors in connecticut, offers an all-in-one solution for finding carpools, tracking your environmental impact, and earning rewards. this free app makes it easy to connect with other commuters and reduce your carbon footprint.




find your carpool match with the ctrides app









find your carpool match with the ctrides app













transportation solutions for your organization


when you work with ctrides, you will benefit from our expertise in establishing or enhancing an existing sustainable transportation program. we leverage data-driven strategies to create sustainable solutions tailored to your organization’s unique needs.






what your peers
are saying








 we are excited to have ctrides embedded into our culture as our company continues to grow. this great initiative ensures everyone has a way to get to work and without having to worry about transportation. kudos ctrides!!! 






jessely pineda
i2systems, hr and talent development








 prior to our partnership with ctrides, our absenteeism rates were as high as 6.5%. after the ctrides campaigns, our absenteeism rate was 3.7%. my executive team is very excited about the erh program, we look forward to working with you again! 






victoria erickson
hr manager, global steering systems








 working with ctrides has consistently been a fun and rewarding experience.
with a dedicated staff and plenty of resources, ctrides makes it easy to encourage employees at the hartford to change up their commute. 






alexandra zepp
asst. risk manager, the hartford






learn more





consider this











sign up. get news. be informed.

sign up below to get the latest transportation news and information, including our monthly newsletter.












email(required)



subscribe to mailchimp

  














ctrides will not release or sell any of your information to any company, organization, or agency for any purpose












residents & visitors
transit finder
emergency ride home
u-pass ct
rail station parking
custom commute plans
 

employers
emergency ride home
tax savings
 

 

about
news
materials
media release form














email(required)sign up for transportation news and information.



subscribe to mailchimp

  












 

contact
 






ctrides is a program of the
connecticut department of transportation.
© 2025 ctrides. all rights reserved. 


 

title vi policy
privacy policy
state of connecticut disclaimer 




info@ctrides.com
1-877-ctrides (1-877-287-4337) 











sending your message. please wait...




 


residents & visitorsemployersdrive less ctaboutcontact 
search

 














skip to content



open toolbar

 




accessibility tools



increase text 



decrease text 



grayscale 



high contrast 



negative contrast 



light background 



links underline 



readable font 




reset













