




pink chocolate cosplay





































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































pinkchoccosplay
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














pinkchoccosplay







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







pink chocolate cosplay 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
pinkchoccosplay's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

monday, february 12th, 20072:49 pm
apologies to livejournal friends... this journal has been neglected for the past few months for assorted reasons. there have been some rumors floating around that i would like to clear up.first of all, sadly pink chocolate cosplay is no more. our friendship was ended when rachael was caught in a web of lies that i held her accountable for -- the truth is she much prefers "friends" who believe anything she tells them, fact or fiction.the truth is, yes, she did cheat on her boyfriend at several anime conventions. no, they were not broken up or separated, which is the rumor that has been going around. they were still together when she did things with other guys while sharing a hotel room with not only myself but a few of our other friends.in addition, i also held her accountable for lying about emails written to me that were clearly not written by her. thankfully she was truthful to at least a few others about this [who subsequently came to me with it], but to me however stood by the story that the emails were written by her.believe what you will as far as the smaller things go, but i do ask that before believing any of it [notable from the mouth of a person who has a record for dishonesty] that you get both sides of the story. it's very saddening for any sort of relationship to end because of lies and deceit, but unfortunately it is a sad reality. please, all of you -- be honest with your friends. don't talk about them behind their back. don't be dishonest. and above all, don't try to turn cosplayers against each other. if there's one thing that this hobby has been lacking in, it's close ties of friendship. situations such as this are destructive to our community, and i ask that everyone be mindful of rumors and gossip. it doesn't do anyone a bit of good and only reinforces the negative stereotypes that a lot of outsiders have of cosplay.anyone still interested can catch me in the anime real world that will be shown at many texas (and hopefully other) conventions in 2007 and 2008 as asuka langley soryu from neon genesis evangelion. please feel free to check out our myspace page!best regards,anne wednesday, june 21st, 20065:44 pm
 liek woah....we haven't updated in a while, have we? o.oanyway, we're getting ready for anime expo (zomg liek less than two weeks), and it's crazy! but we'll be there and are looking forward to meeting crap-tons of people.and we'll finally have our soul calibur 3 setsuka and amy sorel costumes finished. we're so excited because they're the ones we've been wanting to do practically all year. so yeah. anyway. *blush*we also plan on wearing our pretty cure max heart costumes...and probably hakufu and sundres asuka for when we don't feel like cosplaying in rather uncomfortable costumes...but still want to be in costume. so ya.in case we forget to post closer to the time of ax, safe travel to all of you going! ♥ 
(5 comments |comment on this)monday, may 1st, 20069:15 pm
spotlight cosplayer liek woah! congratulations to alexandrakeel of pink chocolate cosplay -- www.cosplaylab.com's spotlight cosplayer for may 2006!!!! 
(4 comments |comment on this)thursday, february 23rd, 20068:06 pm
california here we come! rache and i are making plans to attend anime expo this summer! we're so excited!!!!! 
(1 comment |comment on this)thursday, february 9th, 20065:47 pm
 rache and i will be selling our wares at a table in the artists' alley for shiokazecon. i'm working on a lot of pleated skirts and legwarmers to sell at our table, but if you have a suggestion as far as other things you'd like to see for sale, please post your suggestions, they'd be much-appreciated. ♥ (even if you aren't going to shiokazecon, please feel free to post suggestions anyway.) 
(comment on this)monday, february 6th, 20065:11 pm
shiokazecon ahoy and ushicon remembered. in loving memoryushiconb. 2001; d. 2006sad to say, it seems that this year was the last ushicon. ;_; weep~ we will miss you, ushiko.on the horizon for us in april is shiokazecon in my hometown of houston, texas. fabulous. planned costumes: what? pssh. none. as of now. undecided is probably a better term. ♥we are talking about, and it is highly likely, that rache and i will be obtaining a table in the artists' ally selling our wares (egl hats and things of that nature) so yeah. now you know. you can come and chat with us or something. ^_^ 
(comment on this)thursday, january 26th, 20061:39 pm
off to ushicon go! tis thursday afternoon, the day before we leave for ushicon! ^_^friday evening we'll be stylin' in our naruto costumes (hinata and kiba), saturday morning we'll be wearing maya and aya from tenjo tenge, saturday afternoon/evening we'll be sporting mew mint and mew lettuce from tokyo mew mew (be on the look out for a big heapin' helpin' of tokyo mew mew cosplayers, i believe we have the entire cast), and sundaysundaysunday keep an eye out for us in our pretty cure max heart attire! (that is to say, in the event you're going to ushicon.)for those of you who are going to ushiocn go! this year, we hope to see you there! for those of you who aren't -- suckas!anne -- out! ♥ 
(2 comments |comment on this)wednesday, january 18th, 20065:49 pm
 wow, it's been a while, hasn't it? :)well, christmas break was uber fun, new years + new year's eve was great too! rache and i have been having a great time during that ever so wonderful time known as con off season.but alas, ushicon is now upon us, being only 9 days away and all. we'll be staying at a diffrent hotel than the one that the con is at, so nya! :p i'm looking forward to seeing the fruits of our labor for zee tokyo mew mew group we're in (as mew mint and mew lettuce, respectively).here's a few crazy progress photos for your viewing...whatever. :pmint wig:lettuce wig:i have to thank rachael a million for doing everything for my lettuce wig! that's all her, folks! i likey! ♥ she did such an awesome job. :) i have a few progress pics of my bodice but i'll wait till it's farther along and in better lighting before posting a completed image, heh. ^^;;;;;anywho, for those of you who are headed to ushicon next weekend, we'll see ya there! here's what we're wearing:rachael: aya from tenjo tenge, mew mint from tokyo mew mew, cure white from pretty cure max heart, and possibly hinata from narutoanne: maya from tenjo tenge, mew lettuce from tokyo mew mew, cure black from pretty cure max heart, and possibly kiba from naruto and kagura from fruits basket.oh, and randi or michele: would either of you want my kagura dress? it might not even get worn and i would hate to see that happen and i know of all the people in the world you two would appreciate it the most. ^_^ my measurements are 36/26/34, let me know if you want it. ♥ 
(7 comments |comment on this)friday, december 23rd, 20056:44 am
egl pic repost! ^_^ please enjoy a more even mix of our of egl shots! ♥ happy christmas, everyone!![50% more] egl smexy-ness!!( clicky! clicky!collapse ) 
(comment on this)thursday, december 15th, 20059:19 am
patternz~ bow pattern for hanairo~( instructions herecollapse )top hat pattern....in progress. i need to double check the measurements. ^^;;;; 
(1 comment |comment on this)wednesday, december 14th, 20059:15 am
tutorial, anyone? should i make a tutorial of how i made my egl hat? i'm making another one as a gift for someone so i could do an illustrated-type tutorial, but i wasn't sure if there was an interest. 
(comment on this)tuesday, december 13th, 20052:50 am
egl dress progress report courtney's birthday party of egl gathering-ness is at the end of the week, and it looks like i'll have everything done on time and i'm pretty darn happy with the result.*note* the following images are very rough, and the only thing that's really completed is the hem on the black skirt and the bodice (save for the frills round the waist and junk). oh, and the hat and that one shoe, of course. ^_^( clicky! clicky!collapse )i'm also adding sleeves similar to amy sorel's from soul calibur 3, mostly because i just like how they look and stuff. ♥ i shall post pics upon completion of those sometimes this week and junk. 
(3 comments |comment on this)wednesday, december 7th, 20051:27 pm
egl top hat pattern~ don't say we never did nuffin' for ya!http://www.cosplay.janchan.com/patterns/gl/large/glb5.jpgit's in japanese.....so sue me. ♥ courtesty of the lovely courtney~ 
(1 comment |comment on this)3:05 am
egl dress progress x-posted because i hate you all. ♥( click here to seeeeeee.....collapse )please comment with suggestions and whatnot. it'd rawk. ♥ 
(4 comments |comment on this)sunday, december 4th, 200510:14 pm
kagura progress ( clicky! clicky!collapse ) 
(1 comment |comment on this)12:08 am
 rachael and i have plans to attend the funimation photoshoot this weekend in dallas. we don't have a lot of information on it but we're doing fruits basket costumes -- rachael will be motoko minagawa and i am working on a kagura sohma costume.( check my kagura bootscollapse )besides, doesn't everyone need a fruits basket costume of some sort? :o 
(11 comments |comment on this)sunday, november 27th, 20051:15 pm
ushicon go! i'm totally stoked about our tokyo mew mew group for ushicon go!cat as mew ichigorachael as mew mintanne as mew lettuceasia as mew puddingceleste as mew zakurocourtney as mew berryno, it isn't the traditional 1hp group -- it's actually the first all-girl group that i've ever done and i'm very excited about it. :) i'm really looking forward to seeing how all of the costumes come out (save for cat's, because hers was finished for oni-con).if you're wanting to know what to get either myself or rachael for christmas, we wouldn't turn down mint and lettuce's weapons. current mood: dorky
(4 comments |comment on this)wednesday, november 23rd, 20059:57 am
cosplay photoshoot infomation thank you asia for passing this info along to us!funimation is looking for cosplayers in the local dallas/ft. worth area to participate in an upcoming ad program.  we are looking for folks with costumes from any of our anime properties.  if you are interested in participating, please send your name, email and phone number to cosplayproject@funimation.com.  please include a picture of your costume, or a description of the costume.  we will be holding an open call to interview each participant and to get a look at the costume first hand before the actual shoot.  the shoot will be happening the first week of december (dec 1  2).  if you can be in the dallas/ft. worth area at that time, feel free to apply. current mood:  excited
(comment on this)monday, november 21st, 20056:08 pm
cosplay off-season we're both really enjoying cosplay off-season. it's nice to get sleep and other things done for a change! don't get me wrong, i love making costumes and improving my skills and whatnot, but it's nice to not have to worry about stuff.i'm stoked about cosplaying from tokyo mew mew because it's just so. cute. *_* and cat is such an adorable ichigo, i ♥ her a lot, it'll be fun to cosplay with her. oh, and not like it's a big deal or anything but i'm doing mew lettuce instead of mew zakuro because it suits me better i think.also, any digaea cosplayers at ushicon, just so you know rachael and i will be dressed as the ronin (female) and knight (male), respectively at some point during the convention. we have some other friends that are doing disgaea costumes as well so it'd be cool to get a gathering together if there are any more disgaea cosplayers at ushicon.the only thing i've been working on lately is researching ways of getting amy's ringlets to stay in place (and researching places to get wigs that will hold said ringlets and matching extensions) and i've cut out the pattern for my practice bodice, as well as sketching out details for how the top should look because it's weird and reference images are few and far between. so much ♥ to kevin for snapping me those images of amy, now i know what the back of her outfit looks like! :d (in case you can't tell, i'm so excited about finally doing a soul calibur costume.....i love sc so much ♥). i've also been scanning ebay for purple mary janes so that i won't have to paint/cover black mary janes to match the dress. :)oh, and rachael and i decided to cosplay as p-ko and q-ko from pq angels. we'll probably finish those in time for shiokazecon. :) 
(comment on this)monday, november 7th, 20059:59 pm
poor sad, neglected eljay... a thousand apologies for not updating recently! ^^;;;going back to the end of october, our performance group one hour productions went to oni-con! since you've probably heard all of the horror stories from the hotel already, i won't post about them here. ♥anywho, here's the groups/costumes we did:for our skit/main costume group, we did characters from reboot:♥award♥ best overallrachael and i also wore our new hinata and kiba costumes:....and friday night we got prettied up and went to the masquerade ball as misha and shia from pita tenover all it was fun and we got to meet a slew of cool people including but not limited to pikminlink, lord masamune (both of whom came aaaaaall the way from the west coast to attend this convention, despite the hotel's sucktacularness) and mike mcfarland! ♥ we had a fantastic time hanging out with everyone and can't wait to see you guys again at ushicon go! ♥conventions on our plate for 2006 are ushicon, shiokazecon, a-kon, animefest, and oni-con. i personally am also considering attending dragon*con (midget wrestling is mighty tempting) and i have made plans to attend anime expo this year. i'm very excited about going to my first out-of-state convention (numa rei no con was in louisiana but la is practically an extension of texas so i don't really consider that one to be out-of-state) and i'm looking forward to meeting more cool people! ♥as far as upcoming cosplay plans go, here's what we have going on this year:mugen and  jin from samurai champloo. [ushicon go!]mew zakuro and mew mint from tokyo mew mew. this is for a group with our friends cat (mew ichigo), asia (mew pudding), and celeste (mew lettuce). i might swap characters with celeste since she's taller and might make a better zakuro. ^^;; [ushicon go!]sailor iron mouse and sailor lead crow from sailor moon. [shiokazecon]amy sorel and setsuka from soul calibur 3. [a-kon 17]*breathes* woo! so there ya have it! ^_^ hopefully all of those links will work for you guys!in other news, ushicon go! is around the corner january 27th through january 29th in austin, texas. it's a fabulous convention, i've enjoyed it for the past two years. ♥ rachael, as a marriot employee, gets a fabulous discount at the hotel this convention is at ($50/night) and we need to know who is going to be in our room. we haven't set a limit on the number of people we will have in the room, but if there is enough interest rachael said she will reserve a second room but someone will have to volunteer to put in on their credit card. the room(s) would be reserved for two nights (friday and saturday), so the grand total per room would be about $150 (that's a rough estimate with taxes firgured in). just to give you a rough idea, two rooms split ten ways would be $30 total per person for the entire weekend stay. not bad. so! please let us know asap if you are interested in staying in our room. :) that is all. ♥♥ anne 
(2 comments |comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]






pink chocolate cosplay

 
about livejournal.com































