



problem solving 2.0
















problem solving 2.0
a next generation approach 







| home  

| 6 problem types 

| problem solving process  

| site map  

| services  

| about us |






this
	    site is designed to enhance problem solving capability in organizations.
        as
      		  a nation —  as a nation of
      		  businesses — we
      		  face problems of greater complexity,
      		  with often torturous histories,
      		  with larger and more contentious
      		  sets of
      		  stakeholders, and sometimes with
      		  painful tradeoffs rather than clean
      		  solutions. 
this site is supported by jerry l. talley; it is one of several
	    key concepts that make up his practice. you can check out his entire
	     offering at his site. you can also
	     take advanage of office
	     hours with jerry if you want to explore a particular problem using
	     this model.






what is
      problem solving 2.0? and what was so wrong
      with problem solving 1.0?


most problem solving in today's organizations
        is under a classic model, let's call it problem
        solving 1.0. this model is a set
        of tools for helping groups work together.
        it includes tools for encouraging creativity,
        managing differences of opinion, exploring
        options, making tough choices, cultivating
        consensus, and the like. it is wrapped around
        a linear, rational model of seeking out causes
        and changing them. it is a good start, and
        we need something much stronger.
problem solving 2.0 is
        about truly understanding problems better.
        as valuable as group consensus may be,
        it has the risk of appearing like progress,
        when it is only agreement on a narrow
        or biased view. the term 'groupthink'
        was coined to highlight the downside of
        over emphasizing consensus and teamwork
        to the detriment of incisive thought.
        with greater problem complexity, the chance
        of consensus around a faulty understanding
        of the situation becomes more likely ...
        and more dangerous.
with a more sophisticated understanding
        of the essential nature of a given problem,
        we do not have to choose.  we can
        build a process that addresses both the
        essence of the problem and the
        best process for supporting those trying
        to solve it.






what is the unique perspective of this site?


our fundamental
        premise is that there are only 6 types of problems.
        and each type requires a different approach to finding a robust solution.
        and each type calls for a unique type of solution. as a result,  determining
        the essential nature of a problem is the
        first and most powerful decision to be
        made in problem solving. 
a significant portion of the site defines
          these 6 types and how each
        type can be resolved.
this belief in the small number of essential problem types comes from
        the combined practical experience of several colleagues. our combined
        experience covers almost every segment of the economy, and spanning decades
        of experience. in 20 years of developing this model, we have yet to find
        a situation that demands a 7th problem type. 
the ideas presented are applicable in
        other arenas (marital therapy, public
        policy, social issues, etc.)
        but the focus will be on organizational problem solving
        for now.






what are some of the questions we will answer?



how do i know i'm working on the right
        problem?
i've got so many problems
            in my problem-solving team that we can
          hardly get to the original problem we hoped to solve. what do i do
          now?
how do i know what type
        fits my problem best?
how can i use the problem type
        to help solve it?
is problem solving ever problematic itself?
are you sure there's only 6 types of problems?







