


one voice, many worlds




























	               one voice, many worlds
	               
a ripple in the water is sometimes all that is needed to signal catastrophic change. one ripple can make all the difference between existence and evolution.



about me

name:  princess joya 
location:  home 
im a bundle of contradictions! my opinions vary depending on the time of month but have been consistent since i learnt to think. words i associate with me: dream vision justice peace aerodynamic happiness sensual cynicism idealism antiquated socialism solitude secularism simmer solipsism brightness rain mother earth independence dance fulfilment solitude utopia blue pink moonlight luscious ishq
view my complete profile










confronting obsoletion
26 things i did when i was 26
family
oral oddities
feeling at home
dsplaced, oct 29, 2009
shall we start over?
after 7 months!
christmas in new york
homesickness





october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
july 2008
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
may 2010

common entry categories
 book/movie reviews
 55 flash fiction fridays
 freudian free association
 wandering weekly
 down memory lane
 festivals
blogs i love

xiaxue
silly celly
kenny sia
mr brown
hejin
sarong party girl
stylestation
sepia mutiny
vantage point



site feed



saturday, may 22, 2010



                      	 
                      	 confronting obsoletion
	                       
                          

ive always been intrigued by names and the burdens that they impose on their bearers. especially indian names - which in my limited realm of experience seem to contain deeper and more obscure meanings than most. it's generally believed that if one is named according to the letters of one's moonsign, one has potential to enhance the traits of one's name and moonsign. that is, if you are born under the moonsign aries, and are named with a (the 'uh' sound, as in ananya or aranyi, not "aa" like aashna or aaliya), l , or i, you are more likely to truly realise the traits implied in your character by the moon being in aries, than if you had not. i, for the past decade or so, having learned of this, have been very fascinated by what it means to embody my name. on one hand, my name is that of an ancient vedic woodland goddess, on another, it means moonlight. yes, i care very much about the environment and try to save paper and all that, but embodying moonlight has been somewhat more abtruse to portray - symbolically rather than physically, actually. if one is named after the moon, or moonlight, what is one's burden? to be a light in the darkness for the lonely, scared, confused traveler on the path of life?  or to simply bask in and reflect the glory of the sun, the element that actually gives it light, without which it would be yet another random body in the galaxy? at one point, i could say, without pride or lying, that to be me was an inspiration to others. that i did help people get through some hard times in their lives. that i represented a time fast fading, where people were patient, didn't need a cellphone to be able to tell the time, where they had manners, said please and thank you (at the right time, not just anyhow) and telephoned and wrote letters and were considerate of others without being celebrated for it at every miniscule turn, naturally spoke softly, and realised and lauded the value of their traditional culture. now, i simply reflect light back, with nothing to call my own. i earlier reflected the glory of my father, now i reflect the light and effort of my husband. i face becoming an antiquity, and am losing the struggle to retain what is naturally good about me. for people thing that with technology and streetlamps and headlights that they no longer need the moon. it's a pretty toy to tell stories about. but they wont realise until its too late. 

posted by princess joya | 4:48 am
       |
         2 comments
 




sunday, december 13, 2009



                      	 
                      	 26 things i did when i was 26
	                       
                          

i have been inspired to write this themed post from this wonderful blogger called kenny sia. yes, that's him in my sidebar. in comparison, he does all these wonderful things. my life, on the other hand, has flown by ever since i got married, and i'm not sure if very much has happened to me in the last year. we shall see whether this little post is a success or not. i'm sure i'll have to add in a lot of silly filler material, and even them i'm sure there won't be 26 vaguely exciting things that have happened to me. well, we shall see. here are the things that happened to and around me, in no particular order:1. i had a wonderful thanksgiving breakfast on my birthday, made by my wonderful mother-in-law, that included my favourite sweet potato chaat, and dumplings!!!!!2. i went to philadelphia for my birthday weekend, and ate at 3 wonderful steven starr restaurants: continental diner, ama de cuba, and el vez.3. had my first new year's eve in the us, dinner at a nice retsaurant, and a small house party - which was a lot of fun.4. learned to play poker and canasta. was lucky the first few times, and have never been since. but since i seem to have been getting luckier in love, i'll wager it a fair exchange.5. went to houston for the first time, and spent valentine's day without my husband! grrrr.6. performed my first solo bollywood dance since my marriage.7. broke a few barriers with a few fellow wives.8. attended (partially) my first bachelorette evening in las vegas!9. attended a professional school after marriage, studied hard, had a blast, and obtained a certificate in the process!!!11. visited saskatoon, banff and lake louise in the canadian rockies!!!! so beautiful!12. witnessed the dying of a last grandparent, and missed the wedding of a friend.13. shopped for (expensive) indian wedding clothes, primarily on my own! and all were loved!14. went for the u2 concert.15. went for a us open match and got really angry at monfils!16. found out that tailgating also has an alternative meaning!17. took a sari-draping class haha. i still don't have enough practice, though!18. visited bermuda for my 2nd anniversary. absolute bliss.19. went to the hamptons on our first couples trip on labour day. quite an experience! everyone fought with their spouses at least once.20. attended a weekend conference in long island with a dear friend as roommate.21. oh, drove all over the place for the first time without an accompanying driver! and still get so lost!22. helped organise my brother-in-law's engagement. that included cooking 3 dishes for 100 people.23. seem to have involuntarily been assigned the dubious title of dd (designated driver).24. was told i am loved (this should be no. 1 and no. 26 and everything in between).25. gained some weight.26. understood what it's like to be faced with the aging and inevitable mortality of a parent.27. oh, bought my first black sari! maybe this year i will actually end up wearing it!!!!28. oh, also went to my first stripclub! (that was quite sad and funny at the same time).29. saw india's entry to the 2009 oscars at saiff. harishchandrachi factory. it's awesome! watch it!30. joined a bollywood dance class.31. went to panama! amazing! (thank you snapfish for online records!)32. welcomed a lot of little nephews.33. cooked a 7-course anniversary meal for 2 for some very special people.ok, that was pretty much what happened to me in 2008-09. maybe i shall be more regular now from my parents house.no wonder i don't make new year's resolutions!p.s. sorry i wrote more than 26 things! i was just so excited as more things came to my mind that i couldn't resist!

posted by princess joya | 5:45 am
       |
         0 comments
 




thursday, december 10, 2009



                      	 
                      	 family
	                       
                          

so my father introduced me to a novel definition of family: father and mother, i love you.it's good to be home.

posted by princess joya | 12:33 am
       |
         0 comments
 




wednesday, november 18, 2009



                      	 
                      	 oral oddities
	                       
                          

i've discovered that i find it y awkward to eat a banana in its peel in public in the us. i dont know why though... somehow no one else seems to. by "in its peel" i mean biting the top off after peeling, as opposed to breaking part of the banana with one hand and eating it. i've seen women do the latter, but why on earth anyone would soil a hand when it's unnecessary befuddles me. let's face it, the banana is one the easiest, (and healthiest) foods to eat on the move. and if one is careful, it can be peeled such that one's hands don't get dirty.   so why do people insist on this impractical practice?is it because of the sensuality that is implied by women who have their mouths around an object? how many images have we been bombarded with of women eating strawberries, cherries, licking icecream etc? somehow, they've never been depicted eating a banana, which is the most obvious phallic image out there. perhaps that's because to be eaten, a banana must be bitten? is that so, then? are there bobbitesque implications it may now carry? perhaps eating the banana off the peel is akin to the female praying mantis eating the male after copulation? or ishtar, the mesopotamian goddess of love and war (oh, don't we know they're two sides of the same coin) beheading her lovers? or the vagina dentata perhaps? maybe women who eat bananas commonsensically are perceived as dominating and aggressive?  however, ive never really seen men eating bananas in public. and the few women that i have seen eating bananas in the way i consider normal, have been mostly athletes. if these are coincidences, they're rather odd, no?perhaps i've never had to question the eating of bananas in public because i always ate them in the security of my home, chopped up into lovely round slices. i only started eating them outdoors once i got to college, and never thought anything of it until someone made a comment that may have been something like "ooooh".  i still continued to eat them though, defiantly beheading them with my teeth, viciously, looking people who dared to look at me in the eye.is that why i never got hit on?

posted by princess joya | 9:03 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




wednesday, november 11, 2009



                      	 
                      	 feeling at home
	                       
                          

last thursday my masi (mother's sister) came to spend the day with me. well, technically, i picked her up and brought her home.  she visits her family in the us from india once every 2 years and stays for a few months at a time. and since her trip is now coming to an end, her visit to my home, as her second closest junior relative there, was long overdue.and it ended up being one of the best afternoons i'd had in a long time, surprisingly. now, i've never been close to my masi. she, being much elder than my mother, subsequently had children who were much older than me. therefore, my memories of her home comprise primarily of afternoons spent in her sons' empty room, luxuriating in theie beanbag, smelling their colognes, going through their books, and admiring their simulated magazine covers with their faces pasted on the bodies of hulk hogan, george michael (yes, wham! was huge in india at the time!), eating chewy chips ahoy! and pizza with imported mozzarella cheese. also, the kwality chocolate icecream at her house would taste so special, because it would be cut in general slices rather than scooped. (trust me people, buy icecream in a cardboard box instead of a container and slice it with a knife. it's so much better.)  masi lived in a large  house with a marble-tiled 1970's living room, with a dining table, a formal drawing section, and a balcony slightly elevated to tehr est of teh room where there were couches and a tv. the walls were covered by gorgeous rajasthani jaya wheaton paintings, that still haunt that old house's erstwhile visitors and inhabitants. i remember one time when i was a teenager. i was poking about in masi's room. (you seem, i have what miught be considered a rather invasive habit of looking at every framed photograph in every home in as many rooms as i deem polite to enter. however, albums rather bore me. i also, like a magpie, am drawn to pretty things. perfume bottle, chintz, pictures, and jewelry have a big admirer, or rather, starer in me). hence, i was studying her dressing table when i came upon these beautiful perfume bottles. the perfume bottle in question was shaped like a slim tulip bud and filled with an orange coloured pleasant fragrance. the bottle's cap was actually places in a stem with a leaf made of green plastic cocooning the perfume bottle. it was by far the most imaginative and elegant bottle i had seen! i asked masi if i could take it, and she generously let me have both the ones she had! i treasure these bottles today, and i simply do not want to use them for fear of finishing the lovely orange liquid. i am still waiting for an occasion that's special enough to use it!i had also gone on vacation with her family once. since she and i were the only people without spouses, we shared a room throughout the weeklong trip. and we fought every single day! she was a very fastidious person and i am rather less so, so nothing i ever did - not the way i put my clothes, or the time i woke up, was satisfactory for her. however, both of us would still be at the breakfast table earlier than everyone else, sneaking sweetmeats that we weren't allowed to eat! we were conspirators, you could say.this, then, was the extent of my relationship with her. and had i not been married, it would have remained that. but somehow, the very fact of being married,a nd having someone from my family visit, took on a new significance. i felt close to her in spirit, even though i was worried about being able to entertain someone who was essentially a senior citizen, simply because we were blood relations. so i had planned a whole day's worth of activities - breakfast, a visit to the newark museum, lunch at home (indian chinese made by yours truly) and a movie perhaps.we ended up skipping the museum and going shopping instead. instead of a traditional heavy indian breakfast, she opted for my chili cheese toast recipe. we went to watch couples retreat, which we both secretly hoped would be raunchy, but which ended up being sad, moralistic, predictable, tacky and cheesy. she yelled at me for making noodles and rice and 2 vegetables, and she complained that i didnt let her buy me anything. but why would i, when spending time with her gave me the joy of experiences i havent had for such a long time? i went to watch a matinee during the week, i got lost in the suburbs and didnt get yelled at, she offered to help me arrange my cupboards, gave me advice on marriage, and the last time i met her, we watched 3 movies back to back at the saiff! in fact, i think i have rather scared the poor woman with my extreme ennui!yesterday i went to visit her again. she made me kichu, a yummy riceflour paste, because i was hungry not having eaten my fill at lunch, with a group of slim and sexy women who did not clean their plates.  i then took a nap. what bliss! even though i am able to do this at home sometimes, i always feel guilty because my family doesnt, which spoils my rest and makes me bitter! it was the best nap i had had in a long time.she will leave in 2 days. and i will feel sad because i will have lost a haven that i created out of blood and emotion.

posted by princess joya | 3:44 pm
       |
         0 comments
 




tuesday, november 03, 2009



                      	 
                      	 dsplaced, oct 29, 2009
	                       
                          

i don’t know if ive been attached to any particular city. i was never part of bombay’s pulse – i always felt as though i led an existence parallel to it. i might wish to be buried on vassar’s grounds in poughkeepsie, if i wished to be buried – and bath – bath is my idea of heaven. new jersey’s greenery surprises me, and its roads bore me. new york is all very well, but too noisy and lonely all at once for me. so if i never felt attached to any place, how could i feel displaced? but i do.you see, the balance of power in my life has shifted. i have teetered off the pedestal i had been placed on, and now i stand askew, one leg pointed up, waiting to be placed in the direction i am to be ordered in. hence i stand, face pointed down, like an immortalized clumsy ballet dancer. note the porcelain face, the graceful neck, contrasted with that ugly, unnatural pose. i am dangerously close to falling, looking into an abyss that i have no idea how to emerge from.but this odd limbo has given me plenty of time to think, and feel, and learn to not feel. and cry and cry and realize that i still do. and in trying to mentally erase myself from existence ive made my physical presence all the more substantial through the staying power of chocolates. ive felt alien for so long that ive forgotten what it is to be at home.but i do know what home means, to me. home is a place where i don’t have to be afraid of what i say and to whom. where there are no repercussions and no blame. where i am strong enough, brave enough, right enough, mature enough. where what i feel and what i think and who i am, mistakes, stupidity, silliness and all, has a valid place. it’s a place deep inside me that no one knows, that no one can even fathom. it’s a place that’s waiting for me to stumble across it on a quiet glossy morning, and it’s a place that’ll never make me want to go back to this other one that i’m in. if home is where the heart is, it’s high time i find mine.

posted by princess joya | 11:20 am
       |
         0 comments
 




thursday, october 29, 2009



                      	 
                      	 shall we start over?
	                       
                          

i feel as though im finally ready to start writing again.  phew! what a big statement in one little sentence. it means nothing to anyone else, but to me encompasses a whole galaxy of fears, issues, doubt, and trepidation.  you see, 3 years ago, what feels like a whole birth away, i used to have a blog. it was a little blog about my life and thoughts, nothing very different from others out there, except that i like to think that i had a habit, more so than most, of really exploring the depths of and overarching reasons for my feelings. this led to a lot of support, and occasionally, a lot of controversy, as well as awe of courage that i never felt i had. at the time, i was in a constant state of somewhat-flux, what with dealing with work, arranged marriage, hypocrisy, and the need to maintain my weight. so it was a lot of fun to reflect upon all that was going on and share it all with a handful of faithful readers and friends.  then i finally got engaged, and subsequently married.  that led to the subjugation of a voice i had only recently been beginning to find. it led to a constant questioning of opinions and values i had held to be unchangeable, either by myself, or by others. and, usually, not being in a position to assert them , or having them quelled, i squirreled them into the back of my consciousness and waited for them to become irrelevant.  i’m still waiting. but in the meantime, i realized that my suppression of my thoughts led me to explode occasionally in a wayward fireworks of passive-aggression, which started alienating people and made me dislike myself thoroughly. and that was when i made the decision to start writing again, for my sanity and the well-being of others around me.  but it isn’t easy to start writing again. i feel as though ive been heartbroken and alone for so long, and now ive finally met someone who’s forcing me to love him. it feels as though i must learn to love again, to let go of my fears, to trust, and to fall into the abyss of complete self-acceptance, where no one and nothing else matters but my well-being (of course as long as i don’t hurt anyone else). it’s hard to get used to loving yourself, when for so long all you’ve done is want to sink through the floor a la sita, even if its of your own accord.  just like a relationship, i don’t know where this will go, how long it will last, and if the journey will be fruitful, or if it will end well. i just know that right now, it feels as though my fingers have been freed, and this liberation is swelling through my eyes and overflowing out of me like dams shattered loose in a storm.  i hope you love me as i love you. and that we may go far.  

posted by princess joya | 12:04 pm
       |
         2 comments
 








 
		  		











