







welcome to cbdce - cbdce




































navigation

skip to content







































 sign in 




 verify a cdces 




 locate a cdces 




 cdces resources 




 search 











 


















become certified


cdces eligibility


cdces discipline requirement


cdces become a mentee




cdces scholarships


cdces scholarship winners 2024




cdces prepare


cdces apply and schedule


cdces test


cdces exam construction and scoring and pretest questions




cdces exam results


cdces initial eligibility faqs




currently certified


cdces newly certified


new cdcess listing




cdces renewal


cdces faq ce renewal changes




cdces retired status


cdces mentorship program


cdces stories




learn more


student resources


living with diabetes


locate a cdces certified specialist




cdces - employer information


cdces - healthcare providers


bc-adm transition


cbdce ambassador program




about


cde to cdces


news and events


leadership


commitment to transparency


position statements


reach the cdces audience


collaborations


cdces resources partnerships tdl


mentored post-doctoral fellowship in integrated diabetes management


cdces resources partnerships ada




media room




contact


shop






























 facebook 




 linked in 




 instagram 




 youtube 











 




welcome to cbdce































01
02
03


                  03
                 




thinking about earning the cdces®?
show your cdces® pride!
cdces® was formerly known as the cde credential






join over 19,500 health care professionals who have validated their diabetes expertise and professionalism by earning the certified diabetes care and education specialist® (cdces®) credential.
proudly display your cdces® credential with cdces-branded merchandise.
the certified diabetes care and education specialist® (cdces®) designation was formerly known as the certified diabetes educator® (cde®). let’s show people with diabetes and the healthcare community who cdcess are and how they can contribute to positive health outcomes!





previous




next


























become certified cdcess educate and support people living with diabetes. earn the most recognized credential in diabetes care and education. 
cbdce shop purchase lapel pins, retractable id/badge holders, zippered tote bags, glass water bottles, and beverage tumblers through the online shop! 
about the cdces® the cdces® community has never been more essential. help us spread the word about the credential. 






 get started.


  
 start shopping.


  
 learn more.


  










thinking about earning the cdces®?

                join over 19,500 health care professionals who have validated their diabetes expertise and professionalism by earning the certified diabetes care and education specialist® (cdces®) credential.
               


get started.


 


become certified
cdcess educate and support people living with diabetes. earn the most recognized credential in diabetes care and education.




show your cdces® pride!

                proudly display your cdces® credential with cdces-branded merchandise.
               


start shopping.


 


cbdce shop
purchase lapel pins, retractable id/badge holders, zippered tote bags, glass water bottles, and beverage tumblers through the online shop!




cdces® was formerly known as the cde credential

                the certified diabetes care and education specialist® (cdces®) designation was formerly known as the certified diabetes educator® (cde®). let’s show people with diabetes and the healthcare community who cdcess are and how they can contribute to positive health outcomes!
               


learn more.


 


about the cdces®
the cdces® community has never been more essential. help us spread the word about the credential.

























current news:  

 february 14, 2025 - please note the cbdce national office will be closed monday, february 17, in observance of the presidents' day holiday. 
 december 12, 2024 - the association of diabetes care & education specialists (adces) and the cbdce are excited to announce the transition in ownership of the board-certified advanced diabetes management (bc-adm®) certification program from adces to cbdce starting january 1, 2025. the transition highlights the two organizations' successful relationship and supports their roles in the diabetes arena. since its launch in 2010, adces has expertly managed the bc-adm program. now, as the program transitions to cbdce, which also owns the cdces credentialing program, it ensures a seamless continuity in the management of both programs under one organization. cbdce is committed to supporting current and future bc-adm certificants and making the transition smooth for all stakeholders. click here to visit the bc-adm transition page where we'll keep people updated with what's happening. 
 looking to apply for the cdces exam? you'll first need to create an account with cbdce. go to the top of any website page > click sign in > 'new user? create an account!' to begin the process. 
 2024 renewals - missed the 12/31/24 deadline to renew? if you met the renewal requirements, you can still renew through the grace period option. renew online in your cdces account. having trouble logging in? do not create a new record; email info@cbdce.org for login assistance. renewal handbook for 2024 available - click here to download.  
 current cdcess: we've moved to a new platform  and with that move you'll need to reset your password to access your cdces portal. if you are unable to login with your email, it could be that we have a different email address on file with your cdces. in this case, please do not create a record and contact info@cbdce.org for login assistance.  
 the 2024 cdces scholarship program application window is now closed. see the list of awardees here. the 2025 application window will open in mid-march 2025. learn more here. 
 november 2023 update: to address the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the ability of health professionals pursuing the cdces credential to accrue practice experience in diabetes care and education (dce), the cbdce board of directors has approved moving the temporary changes to the professional practice requirement relating to dce for initial certification to permanent state.  learn more about what changed in our pandemic impact certification statement. 


















become certified
 


       the cdces credential is held by registered nurses, advanced practice nurses, registered dietitian nutritionists, pharmacists, physicians, pas, and other health professionals on the diabetes care and education team.
      

learn more








         certification renewal
         


       the 2024 cdces renewal grace period option is currently open. if you missed the 12/31/24 deadline for your 2024 renewal, you can renew via the grace period online through your cdces account.  the grace period option for 2024 renewals closes march 31, 2025. 
      

maintain your certification








certificant spotlight
 


       each quarter cbdce will spotlight a current cdces to acknowledge and promote the value of being a cdces. 
      

read current cdces story









         cdces directory
         


       diagnosed with diabetes? partner with a certified diabetes care and education specialist (cdces) to better manage diabetes and improve health outcomes. find a cdces in the directory! 
      

locate a cdces near you 




















































hidden






cbdce
1340 remington road, suite j, schaumburg, il 60173

t: 847.228.9795
f: 847.228.8469



















 terms of use 




 privacy policy 




 website linking policy 












certification board for diabetes care and education © 2025, all rights reserved




ncca accredited



















