










home - kentucky manufactured housing institute




















































  


















skip to content












menu


find a professional
about

about us
board of directors
committees
past chairpersons
kmhi hall of fame
staff


resources

manufactured housing q&a
education
certification requirements
disposal
job postings
manufacturers
scholarship opportunities


events

all events
education events
member events
home show
conference


news

all news
government news
manufacturing news
economic reports


login
join

application
benefits
testimonials


 















 





welcome  to kmhi
the voice of the manufactured and modular home industries in kentucky























manufactured housing q&a 
 
















find a professional 
 
















events 
 
















resources 
 












welcome to the kentucky manufacturing housing institute. we are here to help you find a housing professional, help housing professionals with education of the latest requirements, and more. read our manufactured housing q&a to learn what we can do for you.







member login













































                                find your next home                            























testimonials




















dream homei never knew i could have my dream home and it be so affordable!
debbie 
lawrenceburg, kentucky
 



help everyone come togetherkmhi gives you a source through the difficult times to where you’re not alone. they’ll be there to help everyone come together to make our industry even stronger in the long run.
karen
williamsburg, kentucky
 



educational opportunitiesthrough many educational opportunities, kmhi has been a great avenue for information to enable us to run our business much more efficiently.
erin
floyds knob, indiana
 



united voicekmhi is so helpful when it comes to governmental affairs... we are able to come together as a louder and more united voice to make a difference.
amie
london, kentucky
 



you're not aloneunderstand that you’re not alone. whether you’re a retailer, installer, homeowner, manufacturer, banking. we’re not alone. we’ve come together at kmhi to build a strong industry.
karen
williamsburg, kentucky
 



networkingthe networking - if nothing else - that kmhi provides, is worth its weight in gold.
don
floyds knob, indiana
 




















in the news















national mhi monthly economic report
7,493 new hud code homes shipped in january
in january 2019, new manufactured home shipments decreased 13.3% to 7,493 homes as compared to the 8,646 homes shipped in january 2018. total shipments for january 2019 were 1,509 homes more than the prior month of december. compared with january 2018, the trend is mixed with shipments of single-section homes down by 28.4% and multi-section homes up by 5.4%. total floors shipped in january 2019 decreased 7.7% to 11,607 compared to january 2018.
view news article





view all news













kentucky manufactured housing institute



























					become certified				








					job postings				








					find a professional				











 












© 2025 kentucky manufactured housing institute
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch













(502) 223-0490















2170 us 127 south, frankfort, ky 40601 














info@kmhi.org 










quick links






manufactured housing q&a
find a professional
certification requirements
events









stay connected






































 © 

 kentucky manufactured housing institute.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















