






wonders of the world | import gifts & bead shops |spokane wa.




































































gift shop

bead shop



followfollowfollow















home
shops

import shop
bead shop


about

about us
mineral meanings


browse

jewelry collection
mineral & crystals
artifacts & fossil
cathedral geodes
sculpture collection
aquatics collection
fantasyland collection
ethnic art collection


news
contact












 






























?

scroll down






















welcome
wonders of the world, located inside the historic flour mill, in spokane washington, is a world import gifts and souvenirs shop containing the largest, most eclectic collection of jewelry, beads, artifacts and natural wonders anywhere in the pacific northwest. celebrating more than 25 years in business, wonders is a cultural feature for visitors to spokane. the historic flour mill is located between the spokane arena and riverfront park just north of the spokane river.







import shop

 
import shop
spokane’s most unique gifts and souvenirs




bead shop

bead shop

1000’s of unique and charming ideas



about us

about us
check out some of our 25 year history



contact us

contact us
get directions to our shops or call us.



 

  
 
 





images disclaimer:
all images and/or photos that are posted on this website are for demonstration only.
each item was in the store at the time the photos were taken and might no longer be available to purchase. we simply want to give you ideas for what you can expect while inside wonders of the world, import gift shop and our bead shop.





call us
import shop: (509) 328-6890
bead shop: (509) 325-2867



store hours
mon-fri: 9am-7pm sat: 10am-6pm sun: 10am-6pm



web coupon
some limitations apply





© 2025 wondersoftheworldinc.com - all rights reserved





 











follow wonderssubscribe and receive the latest news, discounts, and updates from our staff.

















subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed. thank you!
monthly updates




 

























