






dallas academy



































☰





giving
contact





search















x





+our school»about us»board of trustees»diversity at da»employment»calendar»message from head of school+academics»lower school»middle school»high school»social & emotional learning»steam»dyslexia»executive functioning»staff»admissions+athletics»about athletics»athletic calendar»athletic teams»spirit wear»athletic achievements»maps+campus life»campus dining»dapc»facts family portal»health updates»aftercare programs»technology library»school calendar»student clubs and organizations»student handbook»uniforms»fine arts+prospective parents»history»parent testimonials»diagnostic evaluations»ld resources








skip to content
skip to menu



























we are
        dallas academy
      




athletics




high school
dallas academy's high school academic plan provides students with a college preparatory education. our graduation plan meets and exceeds the state of texas's curriculum requirements, enabling our students to apply for admission into institutions of higher education throughout the nation.










middle school
our middle school curriculum offers a diverse educational experience encompassing core subjects like english literature, mathematics, science, social science, physical education, and steam. 




college advising





lower school
our lower school curriculum focuses on fundamental subjects like math, language arts, science, and social studies, building a strong academic foundation. the curriculum is designed to engage young learners, encourage curiosity, and develop essential skills needed for their educational journey.




fine arts program









turning promise into reality!

 request info
 open house
 virtual tour
 apply now



















our mission
dallas academy restores the promise of full academic enrichment to students with learning differences. our staff establishes a meaningful connection with each student to overcome barriers to success.
learn more






news & announcements




 news and announcements 







                             a grateful partnership: advancing learning support for students with complex learning differences
                    








                             dawg run 2024: a colorful celebration of community and support
                    








                             auction save the date - february 22
                    








                             stem day at da
                    








                             quinn: a rising star in dallas’ art scene
                    







show all


<
>





show all news







steam at da
steam is an educational approach to learning that uses science, technology, engineering, the arts and mathematics for guiding student inquiry and critical thinking. our classes are project-based and include hands-on activities.
read more




























fine arts
the fine arts department at dallas academy offers students a well-rounded curriculum which includes a variety of enrichment classes in music, creative movement/dance, performing arts, creative technology, and visual arts. dallas academy students excel in the arts and enjoy experimenting with an emphasis in the life-changing therapeutic opportunities that the arts uniquely provide.

music therapy
performing arts
creative tech
visual arts

read more











college acceptances
play 





















































  @dallasacademytx








follow us












support our school

every dollar makes a difference at da! use the secure, online link below to make a pledge, or a one-time/recurring gift to dallas academy. join us in building bright futures. your participation ensures the promise of academic success for our students!
 donate now






















                        950 tiffany way
                        dallas, tx 75218
                    
p: (214) 324-1481 
f: (214) 327-8537













non-discrimination statement
web accessibility statement
web accessibility complaint form






















