















just braise



















new york city




staceybelle





view my complete profile



what's inside?



beef
(18)


beverage
(13)


braise
(16)


bread
(7)


breakfast
(25)


cheese
(19)


comfort food
(51)


cookies n' sweets
(38)


fall foods
(25)


fruit
(50)


gardening
(14)


giveaways
(1)


holiday cooking
(30)


nuts
(15)


pasta or rice
(8)


pork
(17)


poultry
(14)


quick cooking
(45)


reviews n' news
(32)


salads
(14)


sandwiches
(6)


sauces n' spreads
(21)


seafood
(17)


snacks
(15)


soups
(14)


summer foods
(23)


travel
(7)


veggies
(57)





receipt





march 2007 (8)
      

february 2007 (6)
      

january 2007 (7)
      

december 2006 (5)
      

november 2006 (7)
      

october 2006 (9)
      

september 2006 (6)
      

august 2006 (7)
      

july 2006 (10)
      

june 2006 (8)
      

may 2006 (9)
      

april 2006 (17)
      

march 2006 (13)
      

february 2006 (14)
      

january 2006 (18)
      

december 2005 (15)
      

november 2005 (18)
      













chorizo-lime bbq ribs
braised swiss chard & sole
braised oxtail & eggs
braised bourbon-pomegranate molasses short ribs
braised pheasant
braised pork chops w/ apples
blueberry pancakes
open-face fbs
skate au buerre noir
latvian pancakes
curry-butternut squash soup
pork chops stuffed w/ chorizo w/ broccoli rabe
czech carrot ginger soup
sweet latvian sauerkraut
lemon meringue pie
heaven ("hot molten chocolate cake")
strawberry-banana corn mountain pancake
from lebanon w/ baba ganoush
pomegranate juice taste-off









heaven
tri-bean & meat chili
not-so-classic tuna sandwich
braised bourbon-pomegranate molasses short ribs









unique ceramic pieces for function and non-
read the voluptuous food writings of m.f.k. fisher
ebook of "physiology of taste" by the great brillat-savarin
astoria's wikipages
life of a franco-american in the uk
everything in moderation including moderation
as grenobloise as a chicagoan can be
harriet street
johnny hancock
blog critics

paperpalate
well fed
food porn watch
accidental hedonist
becks & posh
boston chef
brownie points
a cat in the kitchen
chef michele
culinary in the desert
dispensing happiness
domestic goddess
eat drink n' be merry
eat stuff
farmgirl fare
the food section
hooked on heat
in praise of sardines
kayln's kitchen
kip log
mana makan
modern girls kitchen
orangette
the passionate cook
simply recipes
stephen cooks
sweetnicks
taste everything once
up a creek w/o a patl
white trash bbq



site feed








wednesday, march 28, 2007





just braise has moved!



mark your rss feeds, favorites and bookmarked pages... just braise has moved to a new location. you can now find all the goodies over at www.justbraise.com.stay tuned and keep reading. just braise is expanding to bigger and bolder things: more giveaways, more random foodie thoughts but still much of the same goodness you have come to expect. styles are changing and in the next few months expect the pages to evolve c/o my fabulous designer.see you there!











 







file under:
reviews n' news







sunday, march 18, 2007





almond tuiles cookies



*just braise has moved. please visit me at www.justbraise.com!*it's true, i've been posting a lot of sweets lately. it's not because i'm not cooking "real" food, but because the past few weeks have seen me working more than usual. returning around 8 pm (or later) and cooking while hungry and exhausted just does not put one in the mood to set up lighting for a shot. it also makes for more quick meals-- we're making great progress depleting the frozen soup stocks.cookies are a relaxing thing to cook for me. they are comforting and delicious and can usually be made fairly quickly. the bonus is that you know they will be delicious.to make myself feel better i called these, "healthy cookies." they are full of almonds and egg whites and have very little flour-- the dessert version of ordering an egg white omelette i'd say. they are delicate yet filling and go nicely with an afternoon tea or coffee. another plus, they are another winner from the cook's book.tuiles means tile in french and refers to the old curved roof tiles that are  layered on homes. almond tuiles cookiesserving size= 25 large cookies.  active time= about 8 minutes. inactive time= about 12 hours.* 1-1/3 cups sliced almonds* 1/2 cup + 2 tablespoons sugar* 2 drops of vanilla extract or 2 pinches vanilla powder* drop of bitter almond extract* 2 egg whites* 2 tablespoons butter* 2-1/2 tablespoons cake or pastry flour1) using a rubber spatula, mix the almonds, sugar, vanilla extract or powder, bitter almond extract, and egg whites together in a bowl.2) melt the butter gently and, while it is still warm, pour it into the bowl. mix thoroughly. cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.3) the next day, sift the flour into the bowl and mix in thoroughly. place teaspoonfulls of the dough on a nonstick baking sheet, spaced well apart.4) preheat the oven to 300f. flatten each cookie with the back of a large spoon dipped in cold water, then bake for 15-18 minutes. the cookies should be an even golden color with no white in the center.5) remove the cookies from the baking sheet using a metal spatula and slide into a sheet of parchment paper. let cool.note on shaped tuiles: for the traditional roof-tile shape, lift each cookie off the baking sheet with a metal spatula and, while still hot, drape it over a [clean] wine bottle or rolling pin. let cool and set.











 







file under:
cookies n' sweets,
nuts







saturday, march 17, 2007





queens chronicle iv



i have been quietly slaving away at three jobs lately, oh the pity. but it's true, even d has voiced complaints-- many of which have hidden meaning like, "but there's nothing to eat, another meeting?!"well, here is the fruition of some of those meetings... another piece in the queens chronicle.if you live in queens head to your local supermarket (or street corner news box) and pick up a free copy of the queens chronicle (western queens edition). the piece isone of the feature pieces, about csas (community supported agriculture) and how great they are.alternatively, follow this link:queens chronicle "planning ahead for spring".also, if you live in queens (especially astoria) and a crazy person comes up to you and says, "hi, are you interested in organic food?" it might be me. take my brochure, i'm not crazy. if you read this blog you probably want the good food i'm selling anyway-- and sign up for the new astoria csa (www.astoriacsa.com)! if you don't know how to cook, we'll hold cooking classes.  if you don't want a friend, i don't need to be one. but i'll still like you.enjoy.











 







file under:
reviews n' news,
summer foods







sunday, march 11, 2007





brunch braised eggs



*just braise has moved. please visit me at www.justbraise.com!*happy daylight savings day if you live in the us in one of those cities that enjoy torturing inhabitants’ internal clocks with bi-yearly time changes. i am embracing bags under the eyes today to push through the pain. remember to go to your computer maker's homepage and download the necessary plug in to update your operating system.thank you to everyone who participated in the last giveaway. as more suppliers come to me offering samples i will attempt to make them available to you so keep posted! another offer coming up shortly…some of you may have noticed that justbraise.com  appears different than the current blogspot site you are reading. i am working with a brilliant designer now to modernize, slim down and in general make clear what i can offer you. i am not fully aware of the final vision, but please be patient in the future if either site experiences loading problems or content is missing. i promise it will not last too long.all that being said… brunch!here in nyc, yesterday blessed us with a hint of spring. i took a short walk outside to enjoy the mild weather and even went so far as to open a window to let a refreshing breeze pass through (read: to cool the kitchen). spring weather in nyc reminds me of brunch. seemingly every new yorkers' favorite weekend pastime when the weather finally reaches mild temperatures, outdoor seating emerges to take the place. sidewalks are no longer crowded with bushy jackets but chairs overflowing with revelers of their leisurely 2pm brunching hour.in the suburbs and many other cities, i seem to recall brunch falling around 10 or 11 am. for whatever reason, in new york city, the later you are able to make it to brunch the more it says “i don’t care, i am spending today drinking bloody marys.” for whatever reason, if your time is being spent brunching, your waste of a day is perfectly justified (it also says, “that’s right, i was at the secret after hours location until 6am, pssshhhh.”). one will often find brunch menus extend well past 4pm, overlapping with those early bird dinner specials.in honor of brunch, my slightly early awakening this morning and the change of the season, i present this decadent dish. soon it will be too warm to enjoy such a luxury— when a hot breakfast is about as appealing as that industrial air conditioner’s exhaust hitting your face on a 90 degree day in what seems to be 100% humidity and the soles of your shoes are melting and the buildings around you create a fabulously effective canyon for retaining heat and you become increasingly bitter at those who were smart enough (or simply have the means and schedule) to flee the city for the duration of the summer and bask in the cool waves of the ocean. no bitterness, i have my bucket garden to tend to.on the other hand, this recipe may allow you to forget the beach and the heat of the summer and bask in the rich joys of winter.brunch braised eggsserving size= 2.  active time= about 8 minutes. cook time= about 10 minutes.* 1-2 tablespoons butter* 1 bunch spinach, washed well and drained* ½ cup heavy cream or milk* 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese* 1 tablespoon parmesan* 2 tablespoons cognac or brandy* salt/ pepper* 2 eggs1) preheat oven to 400f. in a large sauce pan on medium high heat, melt the butter. once bubbling, add the spinach, cover and allow to wilt, about 3 minutes. stir to bring wilted leaves to the top and complete wilting.2) add cream, ricotta, parmesan, salt and pepper. bring just to a simmer, stirring often, about 2 minutes. add cognac and return to simmer. taste the broth and add more salt/ pepper if needed.3) divide the spinach and cream mixture between two oven safe bowls, reserving about 2 tablespoons of the cream-cognac mixture. crack an egg over the top and add the remaining cream-cognac sauce.4) place the bowls on a cookie sheet for easy removal. bake for 10 minutes, or until whites just set for runny yolks, longer for firmer yolks.5) serve warm with buttery toasted bread.











 







file under:
braise,
breakfast,
cheese,
comfort food,
poultry,
quick cooking







monday, march 05, 2007





cajun salmon & herb marinated calamari



*just braise has moved. please visit me at www.justbraise.com!*it is often that when i buy seafood i tend to go a little crazy. the briny smell, the lobsters swimming around, the gracious smiles and even the slight attitude i get when i ask something possibly(?) silly like, “what does that taste like?” response: “white fish.” or: “how do i cook this?” response: “however you like.” or my recent favorite, “i’m cooking this with capers, do you have capers?” response: “i don’t even know what that is lady.” it all makes for that authenticity that screams burly fisherman and has me coming back for more than i really need.okay, so my local fishmonger spends little to no time on a boat actually fishing. more of it is spent “fishing” up in the bronx at the newly relocated fulton fish market. still, entering the place is like hanging out with the boys on the docks—on a recent visit i overheard a few stories about the original woodstock and how the “experience” was “a total trip.” i can guess a few enhancers that would lead to “trippy experiences” that my friendly fisherman might have partaken in. instead, i kindly smiled and asked for a pound of calamari, cleaned, yes, thank you. and a pound of salmon too please.while the two in combination are not totally exotic, they started to sound really good when i put words like “cajun blackening” and “thai herb marinated” in front of them, albeit spicey. it also helps to have a winning cookbook (that’s right, the cook’s book, where every recipe is clearly laid out with fabulous photography and claims both these recipes as a cinch to make (which is true). with a helper tuned to the task at hand, this meal can be whipped up in about 30 minutes, less if you are really on cue. the procession:person 1: prep/ marinate salmon, prep/ marinate calamari. person 2: prepare saladtogether: prepare fish. the calamari takes a mere 3 minutes to cook and the salmon 6. if you start the salmon, get the calamari going, flip the salmon, remove calamari, the salmon is just about done, all remains hot to serve and you’re good to go.throw in a new favorite quick salad (our own invention) this meal is golden-- or better yet, a deliciously trippy experience. the salmon and calamari recipe are as they appear in the cook’s book. when i made this i bought 1 pound of calamari and almost 1 pound of salmon and cut the salmon into 4 fillets. this meal was a satisfying dinner and an even better lunch the next day. it will definitely be made again. the salmon looks daunting, but many of the spices are staples (or should be) or could possibly be left out.salmon with cajun blackening spicesserving size= 4.  active time= about 20 minutes. cook time= about 8 minutes.* 1 tablespoon ground cumin* 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushed* 1 tablespoon dried ground garlic* 2 tablespoons paprika or pimento (smoked spanish paprika)* 1 tablespoon coarsely ground white or black pepper* 1 tablespoon dried thyme* 1 teaspoon dried oregano* 2 tablespoons fine salt* 4 salmon fillets, about 6 oz each (skinned)* vegetable oil1) mix together all spices, herbs and salt. using half the mixture [per side], rub into both sides of the pieces of salmon and lay them on a tray. cover and leave at room temperature for up to 30 minutes.2) heat a heavy-based frying pan over high heat until very hot. brush the pan with oil, then place the fillets in the pan. let cook for 2 minutes without moving them. turn the fish over, cover the pan, and cook for 2 more minutes. the spices will have blackened and the fish will be barely cooked inside. transfer the salmon to warm plates and serve. [we cooked ours 3 minutes each side and they came out perfect, cooked almost all the way through.]thai basil & cilantro marinated squidserving size= 4.  active time= about 8 minutes. cook time= about 2 minutes.* 1-½ heaped teaspoons white peppercorns [use about half if you only have black or mixed]* ½ teaspoon salt* 1 garlic clove* handful of thai basil [regular tastes good too]* handful of cilantro, including roots, steams and leaves* 14 oz squid, cleaned, then body finely sliced into rings and tentacles separated* 2 teaspoons peanut oil* 1 teaspoon nam pla (fish sauce)* 2 teaspoons finely chopped or grated pale palm sugar [i omitted this ingredient]1) lightly pound the peppercorns, salt and garlic in a mortar with a pestle until combined. add the basil and cilantro, and work into a chunky paste [alternately a food processor can be used]. put the quid into a bowl and coat with the paste. leave at room temperature for 15 minutes.2) heat a wok until smoking. add half the oil and swirl it around. add half the squid and cook over high heat for 30 seconds, tossing it a little. tip the squid into a bowl. wipe the wok clean, then cook the remaining squid in the same way.3) return the first batch of squid to the wok and add the fish sauce and palm sugar. toss together and cook for 20 seconds longer.our new favorite winter saladserving size= 4.  active time= about 8 minutes.* ½ small red cabbage, thinly sliced (alternatively, a fennel bulb is delicious)* 1 orange, peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces* 1 grapefruit, peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces* juice of ½ a lemon* 2 tablespoons cider vinegar (or champagne vinegar)* ¼ cup parmesan cheese, grated* 1 teaspoon anise seeds (if using fennel bulb omit this)* salt/ pepper to taste1) slice the vegetable and fruit. put everything into a bowl, toss and serve.











 







file under:
fruit,
quick cooking,
salads,
seafood,
veggies







saturday, march 03, 2007





revelations part i



*just braise has moved. please visit me at www.justbraise.com!*i apologize, but prompt drinking was essential...almond milk (homemade) + chocolate ice cream (breyer's) = an amazing milkshakeokay, so it's a little icier than creamy, but flavor makes up for it. if there is an almond infused chocolate bar out there please tell me. when hershey's begins to make almond-chocolate syrup for my chocolate milk don't even attempt to hold me back.i made one small milkshake for myself and all d heard was, "oh gosh.""what?""this is so good.""gimme. [taste] oh... this is so good. make me one?"as i've been going through the cook's book, i've been making random foods if i have ingredients on hand. in the fruits & nuts section i found a simple recipe for almond milk:1 part blanched and skinned almonds (you can buy them like this, they are the all white, slightly unappetizing looking ones.4 parts boiling water1) grind almonds in a food processor until they resemble course breadcrumbs. put in bowl2)  add boiling water, cover and let steep for at least 30 minutes. 3) pour the mixture through a fine mesh strainer, press the ground nuts to release all the milkit is good like this but i added a touch of honey and a dash of pure vanilla extract to spike the senses.i have bought almond milk before and love it, but often find the storebought kinds too sugary. this homemade recipe is so simple and far superior. d and i used this milk in coffee this morning, deliciously nutty. it would be great in oatmeal. but tonight it hit peak flavor mixed with chocolate ice cream. pure loving decadence.











 







file under:
beverage,
comfort food,
cookies n' sweets,
nuts,
reviews n' news









the city gardener returns



the above photo proves that every living creature loves fresh grown vegetables-- even better if we can agree to love different parts.there is no time like the present to begin planning your garden for the coming summer. my wee bucket garden (see last year’s progress here) will make a comeback this summer with some much needed reinforcement from the local csa i’m helping to start up in my neighborhood. i am happy to report that the farm my csa chapter is pairing with is located in wine country and perhaps with a little convincing, i can get my farmers to set me up with a wine supply! if not, i am happy to visit the farm on strawberry picking days and swing back to the vineyards for some bottles on the way home.for those who are unfamiliar with csas, it stands for community supported agriculture and is available in and around most cities. a community gets together and pairs with a local farmer, agreeing to pay the farmer in advance to receive a "share" of produce throughout the growing season. with this system, the already expensive and laborious process of organic farming is ensured to be profitable for the farmer, allowing them to concentrate on farming, not worrying about the possibility of selling land to developers or something else.the greatest benefit is that the local csa chapter gets to know their farmer while building a community that is often lacking in urban areas: you know where your food is coming from on a more personal level than a green market, you are supporting a local farmer, you're eating healthier, fresher food, etc etc. if there is an excellent season and a bounty, each csa benefits. the downfall is if there is a drought, flood, etc, you suffer just as much as the farmer. also, there is less choice than a greenmarket: you get whatever the farmer is growing. i still believe the benefits outweigh the negatives in this age of industrial uncertainty, and besides, fresh food just tastes better.local harvest provides additional information on csas and how to find one in your area.this summer, because of my csa, i can concentrate on growing some of my favorite items that my farmers will not be offering me. i still must keep in mind tomato thieves and the more unusual chickenwire thieves (which i now suspect might have been for a meth lab)— how the imagination wanders when perpetrators lurk nearby.last year, with some advice from a fellow blogger, i ordered seeds from baker creek heirloom. they have a fabulous variety of basic and more unusual (heirloom) plants. my radish plants did fairly well last season and i will order more of those, though i might try a new variety. final order report tk in the coming days.when ordering seeds, keep in mind the amount of light your space gets. my outdoor space is fairly shady and i have to make due with this. no worries, there are plenty of plants that do well in low-light conditions and should be mentioned in the plant’s description, my favorite is arugula. also, don’t forget to check your planting zone and match it up to your seeding times. this also helps when finding plants that will grow in your area.if you live in an urban area and are looking to start your own bucket garden, texas a&m’s agriculture dept offers some pointers with hilariously outdated computer clip art. another good site i found has great tips for more unusual growing containers (from discarded tires to wading pools and feed sacks). the site really encourages community gardens, though the information can apply to setting up a personal garden in limited spaces. keep in mind that the site is a bit old and can get a little hard to navigate. the national gardening association is another great resource with tons of general information. if you have a large space for a proper garden. i’m jealous-- go find your own help! (or use some of the references above.) get excited for the growing season to come.











 







file under:
gardening,
reviews n' news







thursday, march 01, 2007





giveaway



my mother is an import/exporter of mostly dehydrated herbs and spices, though she is able to supply pretty much whatever her clients need. it is a great connection to have when i need say, a few vanilla beans and receive 15 shipped to me the next week. or when a client needs a small sample of something and i receive the leftover samples (like a pound of shredded almonds). she goes to most food shows around the country and when they are in nyc, i am often found milling about the aisles at the javitz center, making up some story about what my clients are looking for in ice cream or olive oil: “can i try your organic mint now?” or “my people will love this! do you have samples on hand?”my mother often does the above for me, but in full disclosure. if she sees a product she thinks i will enjoy, she tells the supplier her daughter has a food blog and should be sent samples to review. many shoo her away, but every so often, i receive a mystery box of product in the mail.a few months back a very large mystery box arrived. inside was containers of  paul dupre wine reductions. i received 750 ml bottles of chablis, burgundy, port and sweet masala reductions, tons of sample sized packages and even recipe books on how to use them. i keep forgetting i have them so haven’t had the chance to put any to the test.if you would like to receive some samples just let me know and i’ll ship it out. email me (contact info at left) or provide your email in a comment and i’ll be in touch. it’s first come first serve, but i have about eight sample packets i put together, each contain about 3 samples of  the four varieties and recipe books.  i just ask that when you do use them, let me know how it goes! more giveaways to come in the future so check back!* please understand that for this giveaway i can only send within the continental u.s.. sorry!











 







file under:
giveaways,
reviews n' news







sunday, february 25, 2007





cinnamon date coffee bread



*just braise has moved. please visit me at www.justbraise.com!*pictured above is a little piece of a hopefully sweet weekend (now if i win my office oscar pool jackpot…).like most people, i presume, weekends are the time for me when some good cooking/baking can get under the belt. i have the leisure to wander the fruit/ veggie stands, fight for a spot at the butcher and joke with the fish monger about freshness. if it’s really cold outside a soup will be made and stored away for the week to come. if it’s mild enough to take my time shopping (no car), i have the opportunity to really let my mind wander, without worrying about exposed fingers falling off from the cold.it is some of the worst days though, when the last thing i desire is to step outside. not even my thick flannel pants i wear camping in the fall or my warmest sweater and thick mittens can convince me into the icy voyage. it is these days where the cookbook is a dear friend and a minimalist “whatever’s in the cabinet” recipe comes to the rescue.it was on one of these bitter days that i picked up one of my new cookbooks and gave it a go.i recently received a copy of the cook’s book from the publisher for review. an initial flip through offers some amazing color photos, many step-by-step, of recipes. it’s a great overall technique book that is easy to follow for a more experienced chef (i would not recommend it to a beginner). much of what is inside is basics, how to’s and general tips and tricks of the trade—like how many minutes is a medium rare steak again? how do you fillet that fish? yet many of the recipes can get very challenging, be it time consuming, a difficult step here or there, or a hard-to-find ingredient. (a more involved review in the weeks to come.)that being said, my initial plunge into this book’s recipes have been extremely rewarding with many more to come. the first challenge was honey-lime truffles. these truffles were an absolute surprise-- who knew i could make such delicious truffles? they were silken and luxurious, sweet and sour and a true valentine treat.the above pictured specimen was the next step with this book. i was looking more for a bread, but as i said, it was cold outside. i had to stick with what i had in the cabinets. the dates were a recent birthday gift, i was good to go.d is a huge fan of cinnamon rolls. mind you, not the ones that drip with a sugary white glaze, but straight up cinnamon rolls, raisins optional. they are the ones where the deep twisted chasms are filled with gooey spice and the bread is dense, yet sponge-like in a perfect marriage. in fact, d considers me quite the curmudgeon because i refuse to let him have one every day. if i delight him with a purchase there is usually a portion of a follow up conversation that goes something like: “you never let me have the things that i love,” while cinnamon-sugar oozes between his fingers and sticks to his beard he’ll claim “i’m just saving some for later,” instead of wiping himself clean. i am a cruel person.when i saw this recipe for cinnamon date bread i knew it was the perfect merge of d’s love (cinnamon rolls), ingredients (all on hand in the cabinet) and my favorite (the use of liquor in cooking). the perfect breakfast. while my final version is not nearly as clean looking as the version pictured in the cook’s book, i can only assume that it is far better in sweet gooey purity. below is the recipe as it appears in the book.cinnamon & date coffee cakeserving size= 1 bread; 4 people.  active time= about 30 minutes.  cook time= 30 minutes.makes 1 bread* 2-½ tablespoon unsalted butter, softened, plus extra for the mold* 1-2/3 cups all purpose flour* 2 tablespoons granulated sugar* 2 teaspoons baking powder* 1 extra large egg* 5 tablespoons milkfor layering the dough* 6 tablespoons brown sugar* ½ heaped cup roughly chopped dates* 3-½ tablespoons unsalted butter, softened* 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon* 1-½  tablespoons dark rum [brandy works well too]1) preheat oven to 400f. thickly butter an 8-½ in ring mold that is 2 in deep, or a cake pan of the same diameter. line the bottom of the mold or pan with parchment paper.2) sift the flour, sugar, and baking powder into a bowl. rub in the butter using your fingertips. whisk the eggs with the milk in a cup until well combined, then stir this into the dry ingredients in the bowl. work the mixture together well with your hands until you have an evenly mixed, soft dough. scrape the dough out onto a floured work surface and lightly knead it for 10-15 seconds.3) mix together the brown sugar, dates butter and cinnamon and rum in a small bowl; keep to one side. roll out the dough to a rectangle that is roughly ¼ in thick, 14 in long and 8 in wide.4) spread the date mixture evenly over the surface of the dough, then roll it up tightly like a jelly roll. with a sharp knife, cut the rolled dough in half lengthwise.5) twist the two pieces together, keeping the cut surfaces facing up, then curl into the mold. bake in the middle of the oven for about 30 minutes. let the coffee cake cool in the mold for 5 minutes, then unmold onto a wire rack. this is best served still warm.











 







file under:
bread,
breakfast,
comfort food,
cookies n' sweets,
fruit,
snacks







saturday, february 17, 2007





split pea soup



*just braise has moved. please visit me at www.justbraise.com!*for the chinese new year of the pig i’ll be finishing out my pork dishes.this luxurious soup was made from that citrus-sweet pork shoulder way back when. (this blog is not exactly in real time-- although i suppose it is possible i froze the bone).the weather this past week has been frigid. growing up in the chicagoland area, i can handle the cold (my school was once canceled because it was too cold to go outside, i.e. frostbite in under 1 second). when i first moved to new york city almost 10 years ago i used to (for brief stints outside) wear t-shirts in 30 degree weather. people thought i was crazy, i proclaimed it was the chicagoan in me keeping me warm. but when winds blast exposed skin so it feels as though it is peeling right off your face… well, that makes we want to crawl into a small room with a blazing fire and never leave.when it is this cold outside and you can feel the cold shoot from the pavement through your shoes and freeze your bones, hot meals are all the more soothing. there is little better than the natural heating power of a steaming bowl of soup to keep you toasty (okay, maybe a steaming mug of hot cocoa or tea). this a the perfect soup for the blah weather. it is silky rich and deliciously filling with a little croute on top or crispy bread on the side. my freezer is full of frozen individual portion sizes of soups. once frozen and mixed up, they often turn into a game of surprise lunches that d and i will regale in after work: “ooooh, i had that swiss chard soup from this summer-- even better warm!” or “i thought it was the ginger carrot, but once hot i realized it was the winter squash.” the supply sometimes seems endless and the addition of this split pea is a welcomed one. how else do you think d and i have had nary a sneeze these past two winters (forgetting the recent bout of food poisoning that just reinforces the benefits of home eating).i remember my mother used to make split pea for us in the winter. just before serving she would float hot dog slices into the soup (how very chicago of her). as kids, we loved it and i distinctly remember plucking each hot dog piece out with my fingers and shoving my whole fist happily into my mouth, licking it clean in the process.these days, i don’t need that extra salty kick of a hot dog to eat this soup (i prefer the kick of a little bacon). once the split peas soften into the broth, this soup is deceivingly thick. if i didn’t make it myself i would swear there was gallons of cream laced into this creation. in fact, the only cream is the (optional) tablespoon i floated on top before serving.this is the kind of soup that can melt you out of the warm house, allowing you to brave the nasty elements outside. it is filling on its own, paired with a light salad or a good sandwich.split pea soupserving size= 8-10.  active time= about 20 minutes.  inactive time= about 2  hours.* 2 tablespoons butter* 1 tablespoon olive oil* ½ pound bacon, cut into ½ inch pieces (optional and used instead of butter and olive oil)* 1 large sweet onion, chopped* 2 stalks celery plus leaves, chopped about 3 inches long* 2 carrots, chopped about 3 inches long* pork bone, the shoulder works well* 10-12 cups water* 2- 12 ounce bags green split peas, washed and brown ones discarded* ½ cup loosely chopped parsley, plus extra for garnish* 2-½ teaspoons cumin* salt/ pepper to taste1) warm a large stock pot over medium-high heat. add bacon and cook until browned, about 8 minutes. remove bacon set aside. keep about 2 tablespoons of fat in the stock pot, discard the remaining, soaking it up with a paper towel. (if not using bacon, warm the butter and olive oil and continue).2) add onion and sauté until translucent; about 5 minutes.5) add celery, carrots and pork bone, sauté about 5 minutes.  add water, cover and bring to a boil. reduce heat to medium and uncover slightly.6) let simmer until pork bone begins to break down and smell infiltrates the air, about 1-½  hours. add split peas, parsley, cumin and pepper. follow directions for cooking length on back of package, usually the peas need about 30 minutes to cook.7) peas will have absorbed most liquid. add salt to taste. remove bone and cut any remaining pork into bite-sized pieces, add to soup. additionally, if any pork remains uneaten from shoulder, about 2 cups of bite-sized pieces can be added to the pot. add bacon, stir until evenly combined.9) serve plain or with croutes and a little heavy cream and/or parsley flakes drizzled over top.











 







file under:
comfort food,
pork,
soups,
veggies









older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)











img  src="http://c7.statcounter.com/counter.php?sc_project=1071909&java=0&security=50a73ad9&invisible=0" alt="hit tracker" border="0"

view stats






