blogroll me!


how this old brit sees it ...




















    
	how this old brit sees it ...
	
  
well, i say old, but not that old.  everything's relative isn't it?  i mean .. in methuzala's league .. i'm definitely not!





28 august 2009



	 
	 your moment of zen: parrot hunting edition
	 
    


(cross posted at appletree)labels: video



posted by gordo at friday, august 28, 2009







02 august 2009



	 
	 israel's revolting racist regime's crimes continue in jerusalem
	 
    


palestinians evicted in jerusalempalestinian officials say the families lived in the houses for over 50 yearsisraeli police have evicted nine palestinian families living in two houses in occupied east jerusalem.jewish settlers moved into the houses almost immediately. the us has urged israel to abandon plans for a building project in the area.israel occupied east jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it, a move not recognised by the world community.the evictions have been condemned by the united nations, the palestinians and also the uk government.the us said the evictions were not in keeping with israel's obligations under the so-called "road map" to resolve the israel-palestinian conflict.'deplorable'the operation to evict the 53 palestinians in the sheikh jarrah district of the city was carried out before dawn on sunday by police clad in black riot gear.it followed a ruling by israel's supreme court that jewish families owned the land. israel wants to build a block of 20 apartments in the area.the evictions were quickly condemned by the united nations.the incumbent israeli supremacist government continues to show itself to be as guilty as hell of outrageous, outright, persecution.and/or racism. and/or apartheid. and/or long time, serial denial of basic human rights for innocent jerusalem, arab families.moreover, anyone who attempts to tell anyone at all anything different is at best, hopelessly misinformed and/or unbelievably naive and/or incredibly ignorant.at worst, they're flat out unforgivable, damned bloody liars.and, anyone even considering calling us anti-semitic, obviously knows a lot less than squat about us personally.*(cross posted across at  'appletree')labels: apartheid, israel, middle east, palestine, palestinians, persecution, racism



posted by richard at sunday, august 02, 2009







31 july 2009



	 
	 r.i.p. sir bobby robson
	 
    


sir bobby robson, football hero, true grit old brit and personification of the perfect english gentleman has died aged 76.right up until to just five days ago, terminally ill, sir bobby was still working hard to raise funds for his national cancer appeal.today, the world is a poorer place without such a super man.may sir bobby rest in perfect peace. since this most marvelous man has most certainly earned it.look at a little of what's been written.robson, who was first diagnosed with cancer 18 years ago in 1991, fought a brave battle against the disease. he beat bowel cancer in 1992, a malignant melanoma in 1995 and a tumour in his right lung and a brain tumour, both in 2006.in 2007 he vowed to "battle as i've always done" following the start of chemotherapy treatment after being diagnosed with cancer for the fifth time.he made his final public appearance at a charity match at st james' park on sunday.read the rest of the relevant report right herelabels: bobby robson, britain, england, football, great britain, heros, sir bobby robson, soccer, sport, united kingdom



posted by richard at friday, july 31, 2009







28 july 2009



	 
	 fox fails again
	 
    


the folks at fox news, who have been telling us for almost a decade that iraq is the central front of the war on terror, can't even place the country on a map.note, though, that fox isn't the only news outlet where ignorance reigns when it comes to the middle east. just before the 2004 election, while president bush was busy eking out a narrow victory by riding a wave of fear and loathing of muslims, newsweek published a photo of iranian tanks massing "at the border with israel". the photo and caption served as a non-sequitur illustration of a story about israel spying on the united states.and people wonder how & why americans gave a second term to the worst president ever.(cross posted at appletree)labels: america, feral media, fox news, those crazy americans, united sates



posted by gordo at tuesday, july 28, 2009







21 july 2009



	 
	 israeli war crimes against gazans : straight from the horses' mouths
	 
    


since we've already said it all, so many times before, this time we're staying schtum, and letting some idf soldiers speak for themselves.it had become increasingly evident during the beginning phases of the most recent gaza war that the lives of ordinary gazans had been unjustly taken or adversely affected. the systematic demolition of homes, the inappropriate usage of white phosphorus ammunition, the excessive application of violence have been called into question by various internal and external bodies and actors. as time progresses accurate, detailed, firsthand accounts concerning what truly occurred during the 22 day military campaign are surfacing.one such attempt at exposing the events during the gaza war was undertaken by the israeli organization breaking the silence. this organization is comprised of veteran israeli soldiers who compile testimonies from israeli soldiers who have served or have been witness to operations in the occupied territories. these testimonies are then disseminated to an english and hebrew speaking audience on their website, by print, though lectures, via other media outlets and through tours conducted in the west bank city of hebron.breaking the silence released a 112 page document under the official codename for the gaza war - operation cast lead. this document contains testimonies from thirty israeli soldiers who participated in the campaign. the revelations contained within corroborate many of the allegations of reprehensible wartime conduct and “[brings] into question the credibility of the official idf versions”.the interviews conducted explore the usage of white phosphorus, destruction of property unrelated to israeli directives, the demolitions of homes, the use of palestinians as human shields, the overall moral degradation of the idf among other pertinent issue. as noted in the document, these testimonies directly challenge the idf claim that any moral issues are not systemic, but rather concern the behavior of individual delinquent soldiers.read the rest of this revealing report right here.**(cross posted across at 'appletree')labels: breaking the silence, gaza, idf, israel, palestine monitor, war criminals



posted by richard at tuesday, july 21, 2009







17 july 2009



	 
	 problems with pope benedict
	 
    


press reports are saying that former hitler youth movement member and current pretender to the post of jesus christ's personal,  infallible representative right here on earth, pope benedict the umpteenth (previously known as joseph alois ratzinger), has taken a tumble and broken his wrist.sad to say, no mention's been made of the pompous, privileged, pampered, poxy, hypocritical, holier-than-thou-and-the-rest-of-us, high rolling, high flyer's neck.awful ain't it?read the rest of the report regarding religious reprobate, ratzi the nazi, right here.*(cross posted across at 'appletree')labels: crooks and liars, hitler youth movement, hypocracy, joseph alois ratzinger, pope, ratzi nazi, religion



posted by richard at friday, july 17, 2009







16 july 2009



	 
	 cherie blair swine flu scare
	 
    


even though she makes us sick, we're certainly not nearly so sick as to suggest, for a single second, that cherie blair should succumb to such a shocking disease, we do have to wonder if she should be surprised -- at almost anything -- seeing as she insists on sleeping with such a swine.cherie 'has suspected swine flu'*(cross posted across at 'appletree')labels: britain, british politicians, cherie blair, cherie booth, health, swine flu, tony blair, uk



posted by richard at thursday, july 16, 2009







13 july 2009



	 
	 uk cuts israeli arms contracts : is it the begining of a british embargo?
	 
    


we suppose that the law of averages dictates that even governments as full of gobshites as gordon brown's is must eventually get something right ... at sometime or other ... and do the decent thing.uk cuts israel weapons contractsthe uk has revoked five export licences for equipment to the israeli navy because of actions during israel's operation cast lead in gaza this year.the british foreign office said the exports would now contravene its criteria for arms sales, but denied that it had imposed a partial embargo.the uk says it does not sell weapons which might be used for internal repression or external aggression.israel says ...read the rest of this report right here.*(cross posted across at 'appletree')labels: anti war, arms dealing, britain, gaza, great britain, israel, united kingdom, war crimes, war criminals



posted by richard at monday, july 13, 2009







12 july 2009



	 
	 afghanistan : fast increasing british soldiers' deaths and their crappy us reject military equipment
	 
    


a further 15 british soldiers have lost their lives in just the last ten days in southern afghanistan, whilst continuing operation panther's claw, a major assault against the taliban. at least, 15 is still the number as we sit safely here at home on this sunny sunday afternoon, and type.as if this isn't absolutely awful enough in itself, today we are told the astonishing truth by the 'mail on sunday' regarding gordon's brown's government's continuing fatal, effing fowl-ups.we wonder what the hell gordon brown and his fat-cat & fraudster "honourable friends" want? to beat (once, great), britain's 'bloody hands' record still held by the traitorous turd tony blair?!read the revolting rest about our british army's downright betrayal by it's own boss of bosses.read it and weep : and rage.then write.write to the queen. write to prince charles. write to the prime minister. write to your member of parliament. write to the national newspapers. write to your local papers. write on blogs.  and write on web sites and forums.in fact, write where ever you damned well can write.and when you write, write the same simple things.enough is enough. bring our brave boys (and girls), back home.  and, bring them home now.  before many more of them end up being bourne back in bloody, flag draped boxes.after all, surely we brits are, at the very least, just as sodding sensible as the russians?*(cross posted across at 'appletree')labels: afghanistan, anti war, arms dealing, britain, british armed forces, british army, british government, gordon brown, military industrial complex, taleban



posted by richard at sunday, july 12, 2009







05 july 2009



	 
	 been away for a bit, but now back
	 
    


been away for a wee while sampling some other beautiful bits of britain.glad to report that our batteries are now recharged and that we're back in the blogging business.our thanks go to good buddy gordo (that youngish yank), over at 'appletree' for keeping an eye on things for us while we wandered.labels: britain, england, great britain, uk, united kingdom



posted by richard at sunday, july 05, 2009













contributors

richard
gordo




* links list *
*'proudly presents' a personal scrapbook.*
...............................................
* after downing street
* a'jay's random thoughts
* al-jazeera-english
* appletree
* bbc ~ world news
* crooks and liars
* direland
* eric margolis/foreign correspondent
* gert's blog
* the guardian
* global research
* gush shalom/uri avnery
* information clearing house
* informationliberation
* iranblogs
* iraqslogger
* iraq today
* james wolcott/vanity fair
* jewish voice for peace
* john pilger/foreign correspondent
* jultra
* les politiques
* liverpool stories
* missing(arab)links
* news dissector
* palestinian pundit
* postman patel
* sparrow chat
* the nevin politology
* think progress
* truthdig
* truthout
* uruknet~iraq info
* watching america
* world's newspapers
* znet

previous posts

your moment of zen: parrot hunting edition
israel's revolting racist regime's crimes continue...
r.i.p. sir bobby robson
fox fails again
israeli war crimes against gazans : straight from ...
problems with pope benedict
cherie blair swine flu scare
uk cuts israeli arms contracts : is it the beginin...
afghanistan : fast increasing british soldiers' de...
been away for a bit, but now back

archives

april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009















