



senior golfer






















 











home
golf clubs
shoes
putting tips
lessons
special offer px3
choosing a golf ball














bridgestone:











:: b330-rx species 











:: misfit











:: pro_shop











more helpful videos



 davis love lll
 tody wilt
 snedeker
 kuchar
 captain's choice
 compression does matter
 assistant manager



















welcome to senior golfer








first let me say "welcome to senior golfer". the mission of senior golfer is to raise awareness of the contributions that seniors make to the game of golf, and in turn what golf offers to seniors.

while the focus of many in the golf industry is building a strong youth program. these same folks often miss what is right in front of them, seniors. i will never suggest setting aside the programs for developing the youth participation, but i will point out to anyone willing to listen the seniors are a great target market, and should not be overlooked.

the difference between growing the younger generation of golfers compared to seniors is that seniors are already on board. the focus with seniors is retention, youth the focus is introduction. then unless the younger generation is going to make golf their career they often do not have time in their schedule to play golf until they become “seniors”.  so as i see it and i want to make golf courses and cities aware seniors are the end game to the early development. now that you have them keep them.

the senior golfer association can also have a stronger voice in assuring the special needs of seniors. 







andrew frakes sets a new record in the guinness book of world records. 









andrew frakes achieved his objective and set a new record for guinness book of world records. 


the record was 270+ drives over 300 yards in one hour. andrew hit 448 setting a new record. he will likely beat his own record soon.

when asked prior to breaking the record for his secret he humbly said his skill was a god given talent. smiled saying he felt good, and confident he could break the record which he did..










andrew did not pass up the opportunity to give credit to his “px3” which he displayed as he had just set a new record. andrew said he could not have done it without the help of his px3.

look at the picture as he smiles with his px3 still in his mouth. he is standing with one of the partners of px3. tim klund-"tk" managing partner.

does he look like someone that hit 562 balls in one hour, and set a new record in the guinness book of world records ? 











the px3 has also helped me immensely (a senior). for example i played in my regular monday senior league, and shot a 96. something that i had not done for a long time. it was not until finishing the 18th hole that i realized i had forgot to put in my px3. in our heat 100+ we need all the help we can get. so… this thursday’s senior league play (even a little hotter than monday) i shot a 78 wearing my px3.

yes, the picture is me with tim klund of px3. tim klund is a special person with a big heart. he knows i have tired (not successfully) to get the veterans admin to look at the benefits of the px3 for our veterans that have health problems, without question could benefit from the px3, and could improve their quality of life. tim offered me 5 px3’s to give to the va for 5 veterans, and prove the benefits. thanks tim 





it has been an interesting week. i also have been testing a new driver. 








the driver is the model 1 made by fister golf.. look it up it is the real deal. here is a link. there is not, in my opinion, a driver that can match the fister model 1... using the model 1 it is now rare that i miss a fairway and the drives are longer that i have hit a ball in a long time. of course the reason is simple. the club is built by sean “the beast” fister” three time world long drive champion, and he is in the long drive hall of fame. during the time he competed he never shared the technology he put into his clubs. now he builds them for people like you and me. for more of my review of model 1 made by fister golf click on the link  golf clubs:  this is a club that brings back the long ball for us seniors.



click here: 
for more information.























© copyright




senior golfer . us










