



  






karneval































































☰





						karneval
					


cart





our story




shop the collection




accessories




promotional




sign in
my account















karneval masque atelier












view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize









l’arte di maschera – the art of the masque



the ideain 2005 karneval was founded by two sisters with the idea that masques should be designed like a fashion accessory.  an elegant keepsake you could wear again and again – like a great pair of shoes. we focused first on comfort.  we decided on the traditional use of paper for our masques, because it is a lightweight material.  next we needed the base to be durable, so it could be worn.  we searched for a coating that would enhance the brilliance of our paints without yellowing (antiquing) or becoming brittle over time.  the result is a flexible, lightweight, glass-like coating and a very comfortable, ‘wearable’ masque base.   



once we had that down, we could begin designing masque accessories.the idea of removable feathers opened a whole new concept of adding things to a masque.  feathers, flowers, bows.  now you could have one great fitting, great looking masque and by simply adding a new clip you could have a new look.  you can use the clip with or without your masque.a great masque base needs equivalent embellishments and we spared no expense.  hand selected feathers, swarovski crystals, and designer fabrics ensure our masques will look great for years.  the swiss ribbons are removable, adjustable, washable, and can be changed to match other accessories.our masques are handcrafted in the united states.  there are just some things that need to be made by hand and ours is one of them.  our 20 step process ensures your masque will look great and feel comfortable for years to come.



shopping the online inventoryif you see a photo on the website, that item will be listed as such if it is ‘sold out’.  in-stock items are processed in 10 days and sent 2-3 day priority mail.  we offer express guaranteed shipping for an additional charge.  things change quickly.  items sell out quickly.  it also means we are constantly designing new things, so new items are always being created but not necessarily added to the website.  if we have a better, newer version of what you ordered, we will happily send you a photo before you purchase.because of the limited quantities and vast color combinations, many of our specialty masques are one-of-a-kind.our inventory has some goodies in it too.  some masques are signed by the artist and some are designer samples.  some are the first off the production line and numbered as such.  because every masque is handmade, there is something special and unique about each one.



'as with any fine fashion accessory, when equal attention is given to fit, comfort and wear-ability, the result is a product of exceptional design and construction.  one that looks and feels great on the wearer!'we are only getting better.  we’ve been making our masques for 20 years and we are only getting better.  new designs, patterns, techniques, molds, paints, finishes......there are hundreds of ways to improve everything we do, and so with every production run, we do.  we expect our new website will help us promote fresh designs and painting techniques and service our clients and collectors better.  thank you for your support.visit our historic farmin 2019 our festivals, many parties and events were cancelled.  after 20 years of mask making this affected us in a most positive way.  we invested our savings into a historic organic herb farm in appalachia kentucky.  come visit our historic farm and learn how to make your own mask.  to learn more visit brushy-creekfarm.com












©2005 karnevàl designs llc all rights reserved, the karnevàl k mark and logo are trademarks of karnevàl designs llc





































contact




shipping & returns




faq










