


central jersey sports medicine and orthopaedic center | dr. andrew harrison | board certified and sports fellowship trained physician | knee | shoulder | elbow | ankle | general orthopaedics | serving lakewood, freehold, howell, jackson, manalapan, toms river, long branch, deal, red bank, shrewsbury, middletown, ocean and eatontown new jersey
















content on this page requires a newer version of adobe flash player.

















dr. andrew harrison      •      phone: 732-905-8153      •      lakewood, new jersey      •      manalapan, new jersey





team physician for the lakewood blueclaws 2001-2006
















2001 inaugural season











2002











2003


















2004











2005











2006 championship season





















welcome to central jersey sports medicine and orthopaedic center under the direction of dr. andrew harrison.





dr. harrison has extensive experience in basic orthopedics as well as sports and work-related injuries, including knees, shoulders, elbows, and ankles. dr. harrison graduated from the university of pennsylvania school of medicine and cornell university. after completing his internship and residency at howard university hospital in washington, d.c., dr. harrison completed a sports medicine fellowship at the hospital for joint diseases orthopaedic institute in new york city. while there, he was responsible for managing and treating a comprehensive range of sports related injuries. these occurred primarily in patients participating in professional, college, high school and recreational sports activities. in addition, dr. harrison participated in hundreds of cases involving arthroscopic surgery and reconstructive procedures of the knee, shoulder, elbow, and ankle.

															dr. harrison is the chief of orthopedics and a member at large of the executive committee at monmouth medical center southern campus in lakewood. he is also on staff at community medical center in toms river and centrastate medical center in freehold. cjsoc specializes in sports related knee, shoulder, elbow, and ankle injuries as well as general orthopedics.













dr. harrison, the board certified and sports fellowship trained physician here at cjsoc, is an avid athlete. he was the team physician for the lakewood blueclaws (single a minor league affiliate of the philadelphia phillies) from their inaugural 2001 season to their 2006 championship season. dr. harrison was the team











team physician for
																					new jersey shorecats 2000










physician for the new jersey shore cats of the united states basketball league in the year 2000 as well as ocean county college for many years. on the local level, he is currently team physician for lakewood high school and treats patients at monmouth county jail. he also had the opportunity to treat several professional tennis players in the u.s. open, and to serve as team physician for multiple high school teams in new york.

															dr. harrison participated in high school, college, and recreational sports. today, he loves to play basketball and golf. being a lifelong athlete allows dr. harrison to better understand his patients’ desire to recover and get back on the playing field/surface as quickly and completely as possible.












treatment & services provided:




arthritis treatment
																		arthroscopic surgery
																		aspirations
																		cortisone injections
																		degenerative joint disease
																		dislocations
																		fracture care
																		hardware insertion & removal
																		joint replacements
																		ligament sprains
																		meniscectomy, chondroplasty & debridement procedures
																		muscle strains
																		osteoarthritis
																		removal of foreign bodies
																		tendinitis/bursitis
																		tendon injuries & repairs






knee services:


arthritis
																		arthroscopic surgery
																		anterior cruciate ligament tear & repair
																		meniscus tear & repair
																		patella dislocation
																		patella instability
																		patellofemoral syndrome
																		quadriceps tendon tear & repair
																		tendinitis/bursitis
																		total knee arthroplasty (replacement)





shoulder services:


acromioplasty surgery
																		arthroscopic surgery
																		bursectomy
																		frozen shoulder
																		hemiarthroplasty
																		impingement syndrome
																		labral tear & repair
																		manipulation under anesthesia
																		rotator cuff tear & repair
																		shoulder dislocation
																		shoulder instability
																		subacromial decompression
																		acromioclavicular joint separation





additional services:


achilles tendon tear & repair
																		ankle sprains & fractures
																		biceps tendon tear & repair
																		carpal tunnel syndrome
																		epicondylitis
																		(tennis & golfers elbow)
																		hemiarthroplasty of the hip
																		intramedullary rodding of tibia, fibula & femur
																		plantar fasciitis of the foot
																		trigger finger release
																		trochanteric intramedullary rodding/pinning
																		of the hip



































dr. andrew harrison     •     phone: 732-905-8153     •     address: 101 prospect st. suite 107 lakewood, nj





home     |     about cjsoc & staff     |     insurance contracts     |     dr. andrew harrison     |     patient education     |     contact us










web designers by: heritage web design all rights reserved |  login




