



visual magic's home page






!


 kids magic show ; stage magic show ; magician tampa, fl ; new port richey, fl ; clearwater, fl ; st. petersburg, fl ; tarpon springs, fl ; dunedin, fl ; palm harbor, fl ; holiday, fl ; spring hill, fl ; pasco county, fl ; pinellas county ,fl ; hillsborough, fl ; lutz, fl ; land o' lakes, fl
visual magic shop  


  [
magic
store ] [events]
[tampa
bay mystics ]
[ biography
] [
our
staff ]
[ used
magic] [
history
of magic ]
[ photo
gallery ]
[ magic
links ]
 

 















the world famous magic
shop located in tampa bay area
 








       
the
magic store where professionals come to shop.



welcome to visual magic
      shop. come in and take a look around. you will be surprised to see what
      you find here. visual magic is a creator of innovative magic effects for
      the professional magician. manufacturing magic since the early 80's, 
      we continue to add new effects to our catalog on a regular basis. 
we also have a complete
      line of magic, juggling, clown and stage make-up at our retail store,
      totaling thousands of items for you to pick from. if you don't it, just
      ask and we will do our best to get the item that you need at a fair and
      reasonable price. we also have lessons from beginners, to intermediate, to
      advanced.  
our pages are full of fire,
      dove, close-up, escapes, stage, bizarre & rose magic effects. visual
      magic produces quality effects that are made to last and endure the
      demands of professional magicians. we also do our best to keep our prices
      competitive with other products on the market. after purchasing our
      products you will surely understand how serious we are about providing
      quality magic.
our staff,
      includes david evangelista who has over 40 years of history in magic and
      can answer most any magic related questions. he is a professional magic
      performer, lecturer and creator of magic effects that are sold all over
      the world. david's wife cheri, is a seasoned booking agent, vocalist and
      motivational speaker and is always willing to help our customers. 


















enter 
				the visual magic store  - 
feel free
            to browse around



             
                














visual
                magic / merlin's magic shop
8734 us 19, port richey, fl 34668 - usa
        phone (727) 748-8822 

























