







dallas salvage auto parts













































 skip to content









call us today! 214-938-6730|cfcrecycling@gmail.com 

 










 homeauto partssell your carsearch inventorycontact 









 





we have the auto parts you need. 
							dallas auto salvage has served the dfw area and beyond for the past 20 years.  we offer only quality used oem car parts. search our on-site inventory or our online nationwide car part catalog for the perfect part you need. 
							search our inventory 
							 


dallas auto salvage has served the dfw area and beyond for the past 20 years.  we offer only quality used oem car parts. search our on-site inventory or our online nationwide car part catalog for the perfect part you need. 
							search our inventory 
							 









 




homeadmin2023-04-10t18:18:18+00:00 
about dallas auto parts salvagedallas auto salvage is your go-to shop for the auto parts you need. we offer only the best deals and quality oem products on the market. we carry all parts from all makes and models. if we happen not to have a part you are needing, we will be able to locate the part for you anywhere in the united states using our proprietary car parts search engine. we also offer local delivery to the dallas – fort worth area.
please browse our website to read more about our salvage shop and what we can do for you. if you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact us.
quality auto parts guarantee
only high-quality oem recycled parts, components, and assemblies that pass our quality standards are placed in our inventory.
read morenationwide auto parts search
find your part with ease. our proprietary software searches nationwide to find the part you need.
search nowlocal auto parts shipping
get the parts you need shipped directly to you!
*local to the dallas-fort worth area
view partswe provide the auto parts you need to complete your project
search now
customer reviews
they had the right auto part at a reasonable price. will definitely use them for my next prohject. thanks.
buck simmons
dallas auto salvage was very helpful and found us the right part for our chevy. we will recommend your services to our friends and family.
beth grahamthe guys were very helpful. i had been looking for a couple of car parts for a few weeks and they were able to find both. thumbs up!kerry watsonask us a questiondo you have any questions about our services? fill out this form to get in touch.


 






























×




 






























×



phone
214-938-6730email
cfcrecycling@gmail.comlocation
click herephone
214-938-6730email
cfcrecycling@gmail.comlocation
click here



 
 





 

 
 
 





© c
o p  y r
i g h t 2020 dallas auto salvage | all rights reserved	

 
 
 
 


 
 






call now!
























































































go to top




