












pennington lawncare products























































 



























 












lawncare



seeding


patch and repair


lawn fertilizer


 



gardening



plant food


soil amendments


plant seeds


wildflower


potting soil


 



birding



seed feed and treats


hummingbird


feeders, houses, accessories


pet bird


 



learning



lawncare articles


lawncare faq


gardening articles


gardening faq


wildbird articles


wildbird faq


 



email



customer service


email sign-up


 



our story

 



//wildlife, ag & pro turf



wildlife


agriculture


pro turf


 





 















 








 











lawncare is our passion
with over 75 years of
experience, pennington® has
become a trusted source for
smart yard solutions.



 






























seeding


 find products 







bare spot repair


 find products 







lawn fertilizer


 find products 





 






pennington /


all products /


lawncare /


















 























clear all






                        climate zone
                    




zone a (20)



zone b (25)



zone c (19)



zone d (21)



zone e (18)



zone f (20)



zone g (23)



zone h (24)



zone i (28)



zone j (20)



zone k (19)



zone l (20)



zone m (16)






                        project
                    




patch and repair bare spots (9)



seeding (29)






                        season
                    




cool (28)



warm (10)



mix (2)






                        ingredients
                    




bahiagrass (2)



bermudagrass (5)



bluegrass (8)



clover (1)



fescue (19)



prg (5)



ryegrass (8)



zoysia (1)






                        product line
                    




lawn booster (2)



one step complete (4)



pennington (12)



smart patch (4)



smart seed (11)



the rebels (2)



ultragreen (5)











lawncare products
we work hard every day to cultivate the best lawncare and grass seed products available, so you can maintain your yard with peace of mind. every lawncare product you purchase from pennington is backed by years of research and grown by farmers we know and trust. our products are made to not only look better but also be more water-efficient and disease-resistant. our competitors will try to sell you lesser-quality products. we think it's only right to sell you the best. 
to see what grass will grow best in your lawn, click on the region where you live on the map.

 
















 



49 products found

 











pennington smart seed sun and shade grass seed and fertilizer mix

lawn grasses vary in the amount of sunlight they need to stay healthy. if some of your lawn receives sun and other parts receive moderate shade, pennington smart seed sun & shade offers the perfect mix of tall fescue, perennial ryegrass, kentucky bluegrass and fine fescue to survive these conditions.












pennington smart seed southern sun and shade grass seed and fertilizer mix

lawn grasses vary in the amount of sunlight they need to stay healthy. if some of your lawn receives sun and other parts receive moderate shade, pennington smart seed sun & shade offers the perfect mixture for southern conditions.












pennington smart seed dense shade grass seed and fertilizer mix

if areas of your lawn don't see much sunlight, you may have had some difficulty growing thick, green grass. requiring only 2-6 hours of sunlight, pennington smart seed dense shade offers the perfect mix of tall fescue and fine fescue to thrive in shady conditions.












pennington smart seed bermudagrass grass seed and fertilizer mix

bermudagrass is ideal for southern lawns that bask in full sun for eight or more hours each day. along with exceptional heat, drought and traffic tolerance, pennington smart seed bermudagrass offers fast establishment and strong coverage for 2x results.












pennington smart seed texas bermudagrass grass seed and fertilizer mix

bermudagrass is ideal for texas lawns that bask in full sun for eight or more hours each day. along with exceptional heat, drought and traffic tolerance, pennington smart seed texas bermudagrass offers fast establishment and strong coverage for 2x results.












pennington smart seed kentucky bluegrass grass seed and fertilizer mix

for many lawn owners in the united states, kentucky bluegrass is synonymous with the ideal lawn. resistant to disease and traffic, pennington smart seed kentucky bluegrass blend provides dense, lush, and durable grass that is sure to impress your neighbors.












pennington smart seed perennial ryegrass and fertilizer blend

this cool-season perennial produces an easy-establishing, lush, fine-textured, durable turf with good traffic tolerance.












pennington smart seed northeast grass seed and fertilizer mix

in the northeast, your lawn must withstand cold winters and hot, humid summers. pennington smart seed northeast mix consists of a premium mix of kentucky bluegrass, perennial ryegrass and fine fescues that are specifically designed to flourish in this climate.









load more

























 types of grass seed
bahiagrass: bahiagrass is valued for outstanding drought and heat tolerance and an ability to thrive where many lawn grasses falter. its use in lawns occurs in a very limited region of the southeastern united states. within this area, bahiagrass produces a relatively durable, low-growing, low-maintenance turf. read everything you need to know about bahiagrass in our resources.
bermudagrass: bermudagrass is valued for its exceptional heat and drought tolerance and a capacity to withstand heavy use and recuperate quickly. this combination of qualities leads many lawn owners in the united states to rely on bermudagrass for its toughness and resilience. read everything you need to know about bermudagrass in our resources.
centipede grass: centipede grass is known for its excellent heat tolerance and extremely low maintenance requirements. a favorite of lawn owners interested in minimal upkeep, centipede grass requires far less attention and input than other grasses in its growing region. however, centipede has very specific climate and soil requirements that limit its use in the united states, primarily in the southeast. read everything you need to know about centipede grass in our resources.
kentucky 31 tall fescue: kentucky 31, known in the seed industry as ky-31 or k-31, helped tall fescue grasses transition from livestock pasture grasses to lush, durable, manicured lawns. it is valued for easy establishment, drought resistance and improved heat tolerance over many other tall fescue varieties. read everything you need to know about kentucky 31 tall fescue in our resources.
kentucky bluegrass: for many lawn owners in the united states, kentucky bluegrass is synonymous with the ideal lawn. when given its preferred growing conditions and proper care, this grass produces a dense, lush, durable lawn that lives up to its reputation. this grass requires a relatively high level of maintenance to look its best, but results can be worth it. read everything you need to know about kentucky bluegrass in our resources.
northeast grass mix: the cool, humid climate of the american northeast is tough on plants, including lawn grasses. the northeast's cold, long winters and disease-provoking dampness call for superior grass seed varieties bred and mixed specifically to meet the rigors of the region. from maine to delaware, choosing a premium grass mix designed to meet the region's challenges can help you achieve a thicker, lusher, superior northeast lawn. read everything you need to know about northeast grass mix in our resources.
perennial ryegrass: this hard-working grass is valued for its fast germination rate and quick establishment, which makes it a valuable component in permanent and temporary lawns. under proper growing conditions in suitable regions, perennial ryegrass forms a lush, fine-bladed lawn that maintains its color into winter. read everything you need to know about perennial ryegrass in our resources.
tall fescue: tall fescue is valued for its adaptability to a wide range of climates and its tolerances for cold, heat, drought and shade. in its preferred growing zones, tall fescue provides lawn owners with outstanding options for improving lawn resilience and durability. read everything you need to know about tall fescue in our resources.
zoysia grass: zoysia grass is known for its ability to stand up to heat, drought, heavy foot traffic and a variety of other challenges. in its optimal growing zones, this tough grass can deliver a beautiful, dense lawn with very little input from you. read everything you need to know about zoysia grass in our resources.
sun and shade grass: lawn grasses vary in the amount of sun they need to stay healthy, look great and perform well. some types need full, direct sun all day to do their very best. that can be a problem when your landscape is a mix of sun and shade. shade trees, shrubs and buildings all create shady areas that shift throughout the day and throughout the year. read everything you need to know about sun and shade grass in our resources.
grass seed recommendation by region
whether establishing a new lawn or maintaining an existing one, matching the best cool- or warm-season grasses to your growing region is critical. choosing the pennington grass seed that's suited to your location and goals will help you achieve desired results. by choosing premium lawn grasses designed specifically for regional factors such as humidity, aridity and elevation, you ensure your lawn has every advantage for success:
northeast region: cool-season grasses, such as bluegrasses, ryegrasses and fescues, prevail in the northeast region of the united states. northeast lawns need grasses that prefer cool temperatures and naturally resist diseases prevalent in this region. read more about northeast region grass seed recommendations in our seed resources.
midwest region: the midwest heartland is a cool-season growing region with humidity levels that vary. the midwest's eastern states experience humidity similar to the northeast, but in western states encounter arid conditions. bluegrasses dominate, but ryegrasses and fescues also do well with sufficient irrigation in the region's more arid western portions. read more about midwest region grass seed recommendations in our seed resources.
southeast region: heat and humidity in the southeast region create a warm, humid zone that stretches from the atlantic coast into texas. warm-season grasses dominate in this climate. bermudagrass is the leading lawn grass in the southeast and across the u.s. southern tier. read more about southeast region grass seed recommendations in our seed resources.
deep south and gulf coast region: where high heat and humidity intensify in the deep south and gulf coast, bahiagrass and centipede grass are common. extremely drought and heat tolerant, these grasses stand up to the region's climate and water restrictions. read more about deep south and gulf coast region grass seed recommendations in our seed resources.
southwest region: beginning in texas and stretching into southern california, this region combines saline water and alkaline soil with intense sunlight, high temperatures and varying elevations. resilient bermudagrass is widely used in the region, but sufficient watering is essential. read more about southwest region grass seed recommendations in our seed resources.
pacific northwest region: like the midwest, the west/northwest region presents diverse growing conditions. cool, arid inland areas from montana and wyoming westward welcome cool-season grasses when adequately irrigated. in this area, east of the cascade mountain range extending from washington to northern california, bluegrasses and tall fescues are preferred. west of the cascades, cool temperatures and the humidity of the coastal pacific northwest create conditions similar to the northeast. read more about pacific northwest region grass seed recommendations in our seed resources.
transition region: known to lawn care professionals and enthusiasts as the transition zone, this area covers the central tier of states from the atlantic coast west through kansas. different climatic zones —cool, warm, humid and arid — collide in this region. winters are too cold for warm-season grass survival, and summers are too hot for cool-season types. read more about transition region grass seed recommendations in our seed resources. 


















related articles








seasonal lawn care guide









how to overseed or reseed your lawn









the best time to plant grass









how to plant grass seed


 




related articles & products






how to plant grass seed







the best time to plant grass







pennington the rebels tall fescue grass seed blend







pennington smart seed sun and shade grass seed and fertilizer mix























 



















 










©2023 pennington seed, inc. all trademarks are either property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and/or related companies, or property of their respective owners.        









privacy policy 

terms of use 







 






 

