     new & used bmw dealer in lehigh valley, pa | bmw of allentown                              
                                                welcome to bmw of allentown   certified center            sales610-820-2950  service610-820-2950  parts610-820-2950     4600 crackersport road allentown, pa 18104 directions                        bmw of allentown                     sales610-820-2950    service610-820-2950    parts610-820-2950    collision center610-820-2977         4600 crackersport road allentown, pa 18104 directions                   home   new   view all new vehicles   bmw x3   bmw x5   bmw 3 series   bmw 5 series   the bmw m5 touring   ultimate bmw buying experience   schedule test drive   trade your car     bmw certified & pre-owned   view bmw certified vehicles   view all pre-owned vehicles   view pre-owned bmw   pre-owned specials   bmw certified offers   trade your car     bmw electric   view new bmw electric vehicles   bmw ix   bmw i4   bmw i5   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle     finance   apply for financing   finance center   bmw financing & lease offers   buying a car vs leasing   sell your car   trade your car     specials   bmw lease & financing offers   manufacturer incentives   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   schedule service   service center   bmw value service    order parts   tire center   check vehicle for recalls   fastservice   bmw roadside assistance   bmw certified classic center   service & parts specials     about us   about us   my bmw app   about us   contact us   hours & directions   careers   bmw m certified   sell your car     collision center                   home   new   view all new vehicles   bmw x3   bmw x5   bmw 3 series   bmw 5 series   the bmw m5 touring   ultimate bmw buying experience   schedule test drive   trade your car     bmw certified & pre-owned   view bmw certified vehicles   view all pre-owned vehicles   view pre-owned bmw   pre-owned specials   bmw certified offers   trade your car     bmw electric   view new bmw electric vehicles   bmw ix   bmw i4   bmw i5   bmw electric models   bmw ev lifestyle     finance   apply for financing   finance center   bmw financing & lease offers   buying a car vs leasing   sell your car   trade your car     specials   bmw lease & financing offers   manufacturer incentives   bmw military program   the bmw college graduate program   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   schedule service   service center   bmw value service    order parts   tire center   check vehicle for recalls   fastservice   bmw roadside assistance   bmw certified classic center   service & parts specials     about us   about us   my bmw app   about us   contact us   hours & directions   careers   bmw m certified   sell your car     collision center             












shop
 new















bmw
 certified















lease & financing
 offers















schedule
 service











inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         














lease & financing
 offers















schedule
 service















bmw
 certified















bmw
 electric








       search new inventory      search used inventory                    click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details          click here for offer details                                                                                                                                       
     





schedule service appointment
when you own the ultimate driving machine, you should get the service to match.
schedule now




service & parts offers
don't forget to check out our specials when scheduling your service appointment. our service and parts specials are updated regularly.
view specials




bmw value service
premium parts & service.
powerful value.
bmw value service.
learn more



     

bmw of allentown

4600 crackersport road
 allentown, pa 18104

 driving directions

sales
610-820-2950

service
610-820-2950

parts
610-820-2950

collision center
610-820-2977



   sales      monday 9:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:00pm    friday 9:00am - 5:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    





     

welcome to bmw of allentown
new name. same great bmw sales and service
we changed names. but our commitment to help lehigh valley drivers accomplish their bmw goals continues. bmw of allentown (formerly daniels bmw) is now part of the sloane automotive group. we've been serving the automotive needs of customers in east pennsylvania for over 50 years.


a premier luxury car dealer in allentown, pa
for a wide selection of bmw's latest models and unparalleled customer support, look no further than bmw of allentown. we're a premier new and used bmw dealer located right here in a-town. our dealership is located just minutes from bethlehem and easton.
our friendly and knowledgeable sales team is committed to ensuring you get the bmw of your dreams. you can trust that our inventory features one of the area's widest new bmw selections and expert financing, all under one roof. whether you're in the market for a sporty convertible or a capable suv to tackle off-road terrains, the bmw you need is here.
some of the popular new bmw models we have for sale for sale include the:

bmw x1
bmw x3
bmw x5
bmw i4
bmw ix

we're also here to help guide you through the research phase of the process. check out our bmw 3 series vs. 5 series comparison and bmw x5 color guides.

 
a custom buying experience
bmw of allentown understands that buying a car is an important decision. and that not every one wants the same shopping experience. as a result, we've tailored the purchase process to suit you. all vehicles in our online new and pre-owned inventories include clickable "explore payments" buttons.
explore payments sends you to our site-integrated digital retailing tool. this allows you to handle part of the purchase from the comfort of your home - regardless of whether you plan to lease or finance. there, you can securely:

get pre-approved with our electronic credit application
compare lease and finance terms and options
estimate payments
estimate your car's trade-in value
submit an offer
schedule a test drive

in the event you need to continue at another time, you can save your progress. additionally, you can easily contact us online at any point during the process. our sales and finance teams would be happy to answer your questions and get back to you in a timely manner.

bmw maintenance and repair the lehigh valley deserves
keep your bmw in excellent condition by having your vehicle serviced here at bmw of allentown. our on-site service center has skilled and certified bmw technicians trained and ready to assist you with all of your repair needs. we know your bmw inside and out. our techs will work to ensure your vehicle stays healthy and ready for the road for years to come. services we provide include battery installations, oil changes, tire rotations, fluid replacements, brake repairs, and more. customers can also take advantage of our easy-to-use online service scheduler as well. we only use certified bmw parts and accessories during repairs. the result: outstanding quality and reliability. your bmw is in good hands when you have your vehicle serviced at bmw of allentown.
auto financing dedication
 not only are we a premier new and used bmw dealer, but our friendly finance team is also available. our finance experts are committed to getting you the bmw you've always wanted within your budget. customers looking to buy or lease can stop by and speak with any member of our staff. we'll help you get approved asap. we have exclusive finance and lease offers. our team works with banks to find the best bmw rates. you can trust our years of experience to help get you the best available offer. for added convenience, save time by filling out a convenient and secure online finance application from home as well.
visit bmw of allentown today
our dealership is in a convenient location. highlights and landmarks include:

on crackersport road in allentown, at junction of routes 22 (lehigh valley thruway) and 309.
a 5-10-minute walk from the st luke's sportsplex, the east coast's second largest pickleball facility.
under 5 miles from dorney park & wildwater kingdom.
under 10 miles from coca-cola park (home of the lehigh valley ironpigs, aaa affiliate of the philadelphia phillies).
under 15 minutes from the america on wheels museum

when you're ready to buy a new bmw or luxury used vehicle, head on over. check out our vast inventory in-person. take a test drive. and get a great shopping experience.

                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | consent preferences | bmw of allentown | 4600 crackersport road, allentown, pa 18104 | sales: 610-820-2950         
















                    