





















mission water - saur






























































en






français




english 








search






mission water




mission water




vision, purpose and values




our sustainability roadmap




sustainable development goals




citizen consultation




mission water stories






flow of solutions




flow of solutions




water services




water engineering




industrial water solutions




aquaverse by saur






dive into saur




dive into saur




governance




ethics & compliance




saur solidarities




fact & figures




our brands




our locations




partners for water




sustainability report






investors




news




news




press releases




latest stories




publications




blog






careers




contact


















every drop counts: citizens, key players in water preservation

citizen consultation













                saur is a leading innovator and service provider in the global water sector. explore trends, face challenges and meet people in the dynamic world of water through the mission water, news and water champion stories below
            







            press releases
        

            nexity teams up with odalie to integrate innovative  wastewater reuse solutions into its future real estate  projects
        








            water champions
        

            at saur, talent meets purpose
        








            mission water stories
        

            #jobshavenogender seen by hélène
        















for the future of our planet, let's embrace the value of water


explore trends, face challenges and meet people in the dynamic world of water through the mission water, news and water champion stories below.



learn more about saur's purpose









                help us change the game and build trust across the sector
            







            communities, you can count on our proximity
        

as a municipality responsible for providing your citizens with clean drinking water, you want a partner who is always near. a provider who anticipates and acts on your needs and wishes concerning water and wastewater treatment, with futureproof resources and facilities. this proximity is part of our dna.









            industries, we’re agile, seasoned innovators
        

resources, consumption, reuse and wastewater treatment are just a few of the hot issues industries today are facing in the water domain. with saur, you tap into an agile, fast-moving organization, combining today’s most impactful innovations with almost 120 years of proven service awareness.

















            consumers, let’s get smart and creative
        

at saur, we know that as a consumer you care about water. we all do: our planet depends upon it. that’s why we offer you maximum support in managing your water use, from smooth, reliable services to smart meters designed to help all of us improve our water footprint.









            water actors, let’s join  hands in solidarity
        

one of the greatest challenges in dealing with water is a lack of trust between the many different players involved in water management. let’s change that! whichever interests you represent - socio-political, environmental, industrial or agricultural - we invite you to connect with us. let’s start co-constructing a better future.











                solutions to match the challenges
            







            water services
        

many thousands of municipalities across europe and the middle east rely on saur’s water services division to provide their citizens with clean drinking water and efficient, effective wastewater treatment. the number of water service contracts and concessions we manage in both rural and urban areas is steadily growing, as more clients tap into our proven combination of high performance, proximity and resilience.









            water engineering
        

technological innovation and environmental and societal needs are important drivers of change in the water domain. our water engineering companies deliver a wide and growing range of cutting-edge solutions for drinking water services and infrastructure. thousands of clients, both public and industrial, tap into our hands-on expertise to ensure efficient, futureproof, eco-friendly operations.









            industrial water solutions
        

managing water is increasingly important for industries around the world. we help you take your performance to new levels economically and ecologically. from industrial water production to effluent treatment and reuse, we apply the latest technologies to your context in order to optimize your water cycle and water footprint. we operate in different sectors, with an emphasis on food, chemicals and pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals, infrastructures - including commercial buildings - and renewable energy.









                innovation is the only way forward
            







            removing harmful medical residues at the source
        








            carboplus® frees water of undesirable chemicals
        





see more water-related innovations












                        join saur and be part of the movement, mission water
                    

jobs & opportunities




























mission waterflow of solutionsdive into saur


our brandsnewscareerssuppliers



contact us


follow us:



















cookie statementlegal disclaimer


                © saur 2025
            

















