





scottish ambulance service














 


 




















enable reciteme accessibility tools











search

















                                    home
                                    
                                



                                    our services
                                    
                                



                                    news
                                    
                                



                                    first aid education
                                    
                                



                                    join our team
                                    
                                



                                    your community
                                    
                                





























to protect us and the nhs, it’s important you know how to get the right care, in the right place.


                                            find out where to go to get the best care
                                        
















find out how we respond to your 999 call


                                            video about our integrated clinical hub
                                        








play video


details of what to do if you need to call 999 in an emergency



what to do if you need to call 999







play video


our how to do the fast test video runs through each stage of the fast test to help you identify the most common signs of stroke. learn how to do the fast test and share it with your friends and family.
recognising the signs of stroke and calling 999 is crucial, even if the symptoms pass. the quicker the person arrives at a specialist stroke unit, the quicker they will receive appropriate treatment.
learn it. share it. you could save a life.
learn more about the symptoms of stroke - https://stroke.org.uk/fast



recognise the signs of a stroke







play video
advice when calling 999


details of other options before you call 999






play video


video about using a public access defibrillator



using a public access defibrillator






previous



next





welcome to the scottish ambulance service
the scottish ambulance service is on the frontline of the nhs, despatching immediate medical assistance or clinical advice to over 5 million people across scotland. our aim is to offer the highest level of care to our patients as we preserve life and promote recovery, with our skilled workforce bringing care and compassion to those who need it most.
we provide ambulance care to patients who need support to reach their healthcare appointment, or for their admission to and discharge from hospital, due to their medical or clinical needs.  we also transfer some of scotland's most serious patients who need specialist care.


















charity hair shave for sas colleagues affected by cancer
04/02/2025

















join the scottish ambulance service - help our infection and prevention control
30/01/2025

















scottish ambulance service recruiting community first responders in north berwick
23/01/2025











engage with us

give us feedback


thank our team


help us improve our patient care


register your defibrillator


attend a board meeting





find out how we will care for you

who should i call?


what happens when i call 999?


what happens when i call to get support to and from my appointments?


who will care for you?





join our team

why work with us?


living in scotland


studying to become a paramedic


current vacancies


our values








































our board
publications and statistics
business cases
modern slavery statement




frequently asked questions
equality and diversity
armed forces covenant
contact us
freedom of information




@sas staff intranet
whistleblowing
make a donation
privacy policy
data protection notice
accessibility statement
















© 2025 scottish ambulance service


back to top







        cookies help us make sure you get the most from our website. if you continue to the rest of the site, we'll assume that you're as comfortable with that as we are.
        learn more


        continue
    








 




