


















working-solutions.org - a division of the public workforce system | working solutions | an american job center
















































































workforce development board of herkimer, madison & oneida counties, inc. 

board memberscareerspublicationslocations







contact us at
(315) 207-6951





e-mail us @






address
209 elizabeth street utica, new york 13501




 

homelogin / logoutvirtual servicesaboutlocationsmission & visionboard memberslocal, strategic & regional planscommunity resourcespartnerspolicies and proceduressexual harassment policyfor businessesrecruitment serviceson-the-job trainingapprenticeshipsresources for businessessubmit a postingjob market infojob seekerssearching for jobsskillup® metrix learningjob search linkslatest job openingsdisability employment initiativecoping with layoffslocationstraining grant programscustomer service surveysyouth servicesprogramstraining grant programsdisability grant – ny scionout of school youth paid work experience grantapprenticeshipspathway home 2 grantit/cybersecurity grantrural healthcare training grantoneida county re-entry taskforce programcareer pathways programemployment focused services (efs) grantalternatives to incarceration (ati) grantbuilding pathways to infrastructure careersyouth employment program (yep)youthbuild programgreater mohawk valley childcare grant programenvironmental protection agency (epa) brownfields grantnewseventscontact 




creating pathways to better careers and economic growth
a division of the public workforce system, a network of federal, state, and local offices that support economic expansion and develop the talent of the nation’s workforce.  connecting employers with job seekers, and job seekers with the resources they need to develop their careers. 
learn moretraining grant programsworkforce development boards (wdbs) direct federal, state, and local funding to workforce development programs, such as grant opportunities that offer training and incentives and more. the workforce development board, herkimer, madison, oneida counties, inc.(wdb hmo) is overseeing several grant opportunities in your area that you may be eligible for!find out morewelcome to working solutionsfor businessesjoin the hundreds of area businesses—large and small—that have taken advantage of working solutions’ services. we make it easy to help your business develop a better workforce.job seekerswhether you need to find a job, change jobs or build your job skills, working solutions can help. we can make your search easier and provide you with expert guidance and quality resources.youth serviceswe help determine and maximize community resources in order to provide our youths and their families the greatest possible benefits of existing programs and resources.during the past 12 months the workforce development board, herkimer, madison, oneida counties, inc., has trained, provided job placement and other supportive services to more than 500 individuals.begin your journey for a career today!get started



729+ jobs available inchenango county1461+ jobs available indelaware county1917+ jobs available inherkimer county1210+ jobs available inmadison county4222+ jobs available inoneida county1716+ jobs available inotsego county 


 






search jobs







search


herkimer countymadison countyoneida countychenango countydelaware countyotsego county 


about working solutionsthe workforce development board, herkimer, madison, and oneida counties, inc. (wdb hmo), dba working solutions, is part of the public workforce system, a network of federal, state, and local offices that support economic expansion and develop the talent of the nation’s workforce. the wdb hmo procures and administers federal, state, and local training grant programs. wdbs also serve as connectors between the u.s. department of labor and more than 2,500 local american job centers that deliver services to workers and employers. our four working solutions career centers, located in utica, herkimer, rome and wampsville, are your local american job center partners. american job centers (ajcs) provide free help to job seekers for a variety of career and employment-related needs.learn morecovid - 19 resourcesresources and support for those affected by covid-19virtual servicesworking solutions offices are now open by appointment in herkimer, madison, rome and utica.important linksaboutjob seekerstraining grant programs for businessesyouth servicesnews



our mission & vision
the workforce development board of herkimer, madison, oneida counties, inc. (wdb hmo) serves as a leader for workforce development programs and services, and as a regional partner, creating impactful strategies to meet the region’s immediate and long-term workforce needs and economic development priorities.
the workforce development board wdb hmo is a leader, a catalyst and a
strategic partner focused on developing a skilled and qualified workforce.
learn more


helping cny get employed
our goal at working solutions is to make the mohawk valley a premier place for employment opportunities and a source of talent for businesses. we serve as an extension of your human resource department, providing a wide range of services, all free of charge, to help you develop a better workforce.
join the hundreds of area businesses—large and small—that have taken advantage of working solutions’ services. we make it easy to help your business develop a better workforce.
find out morelatest news









office hours presidents' day


monday, february 17, 2025, is presidents' day.
all workforce development board/working solutions locations will be closed in observance of the holiday. 



read more












free virtual job fair tuesday, february 25, 2025


			all businesses and job seekers in the following counties are invited to register: herkimer, madison, oneida, onondaga, chenango, delaware, and otsego counties. the job fair will take place tuesday, february 25th, from 11am to...	



read more












wdb/working solutions february news and opportunities


			you won't want to miss our february newsletter! we've got valuable new free learning and training opportunities coming up, including free computer training job search workshops a new brownfields training grant opportunity app...	



read more












january/february 2025 apprenticeship newsletter


			we have a lot of great news and free upcoming learning/training opportunities to tell you about in this edition of our apprenticeship newsletter! job seekers: we can help you jump start your new career in 2025! businesses, we...	



read more






recent job postings and learning/training opportunities









featured jobs and free training events - february 14, 2025


			skill acquisition and job opportunities are thriving. check out the options below! featured job opportunities mohawk valley (west) daily job leads 02-10-2025 mohawk valley (west) daily job leads 02-11-2025 mohawk valley (west...	



read more












new opportunities with herkimer county


			learn more at links: herkimer county public health for a senior family services specialist herkimer county clerk’s office for a motor vehicle license clerk (part time) in the old forge location...	



read more












new exam announcements for herkimer county: office assistant ii and office manager


			learn more at links: office assistant iioffice manager...	



read more












new oneida county civil service examinations: food service operations and investigator series


			learn more at links: school lunch director iii #85-915010 (oc) school lunch manager #85-437010 (oc) senior social services investigator #89-516010 (oc) senior social services investigator #72-651010 (prom) application deadlin...	



read more






events18 feb 2025;
11:00am - 02:00pm
central ny and mohawk valley regional virtual career fair
20 feb 2025;
08:00pm - 
digital literacy
25 feb 2025;
11:00am - 01:00pm
free virtual job fair
26 feb 2025;
01:00pm - 03:00pm
 mini job fair 

training grant programsworkforce development boards (wdbs) direct federal, state, and local funding to workforce development programs, such as grant opportunities that offer training and incentives and more.get in touchhelping businesses find valuable employees. recruitment  training  apprenticeships save money and time by outsourcing your recruitment needs to working solutions. our staff provides employers with convenient, no-cost recruitment services by connecting employers and job seekers in dynamic ways.ojt is the process of directing and managing employee performance of assigned tasks in the actual work setting. ojt is a good way to prepare a candidate who has some of the skills, but not all of the skills required to perform a job.the us department of labor is committed to creating more opportunities for hard-working americans to get ahead by advancing job-driven training initiatives that help american workers acquire the skills they need to succeed in good jobs that are available now.subscribe to our newslettersconnecting employers with job seekers, and job seekers with the resources they need.working solutions newsletterapprenticeship newsletter
 career centers & locations




one stop career centers









herkimer
madison
utica
rome
utica









 





working solutions - herkimer

320 n. prospect street herkimer, new york 13350phone: (315) 867-1400email: 





 





 





working solutions - madison

133 n. court st wampsville, new york 13163 phone: (315) 363-2400





 





 





workforce development board

209 elizabeth street utica, ny 13501phone: (315) 207-6951





 





 





working solutions - rome

300 west dominick st suite 1rome, ny 13440phone: (315) 356-0662





 












working solutions - utica

207 genesee streetutica, new york 13501phone: (315) 793-2229





 














search this websitesearch


news & updates







office hours presidents' day


monday, february 17, 2025, is presidents' day.
all workforce development board/working solutions locations will be closed in observance of the holiday. 


read more


 

contact us

learn more about what working solutions can do for your business.
(315) 207-6951
working solutions209 elizabeth street utica, new york 13501







equal opportunity employer/program. auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities.


copyright
 working solutions. all rights reserved.



 








homelogin / logoutvirtual servicesaboutlocationsmission & visionboard memberslocal, strategic & regional planscommunity resourcespartnerspolicies and proceduressexual harassment policyfor businessesrecruitment serviceson-the-job trainingapprenticeshipsresources for businessessubmit a postingjob market infojob seekerssearching for jobsskillup® metrix learningjob search linkslatest job openingsdisability employment initiativecoping with layoffslocationstraining grant programscustomer service surveysyouth servicesprogramstraining grant programsdisability grant – ny scionout of school youth paid work experience grantapprenticeshipspathway home 2 grantit/cybersecurity grantrural healthcare training grantoneida county re-entry taskforce programcareer pathways programemployment focused services (efs) grantalternatives to incarceration (ati) grantbuilding pathways to infrastructure careersyouth employment program (yep)youthbuild programgreater mohawk valley childcare grant programenvironmental protection agency (epa) brownfields grantnewseventscontact





