













home - the clara abbott foundation

































































financial assistancecollege scholarshipsdisaster assistanceapply now


















welcome
chào mừng
bienvenidos
bem-vindo
欢迎
selamat datang
добро пожаловать
willkommen
स्वागत












how we can help
no matter the struggle, the clara abbott foundation is here to provide financial support when
abbott employees and retirees need it the most.















financial assistance
for eligible abbott families who are struggling to afford their basic needs, we provide need-based grants to help them meet their financial obligations.
learn more










college scholarships
we provide need-based scholarships to help the dependent children of abbott employees attend accredited post-secondary schools.
learn more










disaster assistance
when disaster strikes, we are there to support abbott families with financial assistance to access food, clothing, shelter or other essential living needs.
learn more















who we help
the clara abbott foundation was created to help abbott employees and retirees in financial need around the world. in order to be eligible for our support, you must be either a:





current abbott employee
a current abbott employee with at least one year of continuous service





former abbott employee
a former employee who was at least age 50 with a minimum of 10 years of continuous abbott service on their last day with the company





other eligibility requirements may apply for specific services. abbott contractors and temporary workers are not eligible.











the clara abbott foundation
the clara abbott foundation is a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping abbott families through challenging financial situations.
over the past 80 years, the foundation has helped thousands, from current employees to retirees, facing some of life’s most challenging financial situations. this was clara’s wish. and we are honored to be there when our abbott family needs us the most.
about us















giving hope.
changing lives.
we invite you to meet some of the abbott individuals and families we’ve helped.
read stories


the foundation helped lucas and his family with their monthly expenses and repairs after two floods.jules received help to equip a vehicle the family could use to safely transport their son with special needs.kyle is using the degree he earned with the help of the foundation’s scholarship program to teach children in africa.












contact us
about
board of directors
privacy policy
 



privacy policy links which take you out of the clara abbott foundation website are not controlled by the clara abbott foundation. therefore, the foundation is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. if you choose to visit a third-party website, you should consult the website’s privacy policy for more information.

                            

                            © 2022 the clara abbott foundation                    



































                        we’re ready to help
                    

                        for abbott employees, retirees, and their families, the clara abbott foundation is here to provide compassionate, confidential support in times of need.
                    
                        in order to provide financial assistance or scholarships, we need to fully understand your situation. therefore, personal information and various documentation will be requested and required throughout the process. in some cases, we will verify information with hr or abbott.
                    
financial assistance
college scholarships

                        have you been impacted by a disaster?
                    

                        please contact us at +1-847-937-1090 or 1-800-972-3859 or email us at askclara@abbott.com.
                    





                    before applying, we ask that you consider three things:
                    


                            review the eligibility requirements:
                            
                        

financial assistance eligibility
college scholarships eligibility
disaster assistance eligibility


                            be prepared to be open, honest, and forthcoming about your specific needs and situation throughout the process.
                        

                            any misrepresentation of a situation, including fraud, deceit, or concealment with regard to information on an application or obtained during the consultation process will have consequences as defined by the abbott business code of conduct.
                        












