








home - northeast regional carwash convention















































skip to content



menuhomeaboutscheduleattendeesexhibitors2025 exhibitor registrationiaee booth guidelines2025 exhibitor/sponsor prospectusexhibit floor map2024 exhibitor listingsponsor registrationtravel/hotelhall of famemost distinguished personfuture dates
 
 






atlantic city convention center 
							nrcc 2025
october 6-8 
							register for booth space 2025 
							
 



2024 show stats
*attendance: 1850
* record-breaking booth count: 420
* show floor square footage: 104,000 sq. ft.

2025 new york state car wash association
co-chairmen, walt hartl & chris kubarek 
							 


 


 


 






 




homenrccadmin2024-12-26t10:32:05-05:00 
hall of fame (dave ellard and doug rieck)most distinguished person; mike contekeynote speaker will guidarafred grauer and paul fazio34th nrcc show floor34th nrcc show floor34th nrcc show floorshawn hitchens, amin khalifaemerging leader justin van ettenemerging leader brett sullivan34th nrcc show floornrcc convention floordream team and chris kubarekseminar….nrcc convention floorvirtual tour participantssuzanne and presenter joanna brandi
34th nrcc breaks records – again!atlantic city, nj — the 34th northeast regional carwash convention (nrcc), october 7-9, at the atlantic city convention center showcased a record 420 booths, according to show chairman doug rieck with the car wash operators of new jersey (cwonj), this year’s host. “we had a number of firsts this year,” said rieck, “and one of them was topping our 2023 booth count by 34 booths, an all-time record,” he noted.
the annual show also expanded its show floor footprint by adding 30,000 square feet and using 20,000 of that at the 2024 show. “we expanded our footprint into hall a,” noted show facilitator heather courtney. “we were currently using 84,000 square feet in hall b. this year we topped out at 104,000 square feet of exhibits. i couldn’t be happier, and we still have room to grow.”
the square footage expansion is a reflection of the show’s continued growth and attraction to operators in the northeast, said rieck. “we are always striving to improve our product for our vendors and attendees,” he said. “this year’s show floor expansion is a testament to the quality of the show we put on and our board’s efforts to continually improve, adjust and listen to our vendors and attendees.”
more opportunities to learn
one of the additions to the 2024 nrcc was an “on your own” wash tour where attendees could stop at one of eight sites situated along the garden state parkway on their way to, or from, the event. a manager-only education session facilitated by joanna brandi of joanna brandi & company was also added to the lineup. “being able to stop at washes on your way to or from the show was a great added value,” said rieck. “and, the manager-only program with joanna was a huge hit attracting more than 100 managers our first year out of the gate. we will continue to evolve that track for our wash managers,” added rieck.
a highlight of the educational track, however, had to be this year’s keynote speaker, according to education chairperson, suzanne stansbury. “we start before the current show ends researching possible keynote speakers,” said stansbury. “we try to bring in professionals who have a message that can relate to our attendees and how they operate their businesses. this year’s keynote, will guidara, author of “unreasonable hospitality,” set a bar it’s going to be challenging to reach. he was nothing short of exceptional.”
guidara, a renowned restaurateur who rose to fame by taking a middling brasserie in new york city to become the best restaurant in the world, brought his story to life by sharing how he learned to be unreasonable in his pursuit of giving his team and customers more than they expect. “will was probably the best keynote speaker we have ever had,” according to tom hoffman, jr., of hoffman car wash and innovateit who, in combination with micrologic, sponsored the speaker. hoffman introduced him to attendees. “i was just blown away.”
read more…..plus more pictures from the show….
click the image below to support the recovery efforts from both hurricane helene and milton by donating what you can to samaritan’s purse.
our long-time vendor partner, etowah valley equipment, shared their information.
joanna brandi, who spoke recently at the nrcc, is offering a free
report titled 12 ways to make your workplace a happy place!
click this link to get the report.




 
 
contact
nrcc
heather courtney, show facilitator
800.868.8590
info@nrccshow.com





toggle sliding bar area














 
 
page load link














go to top




