




































community fairbanks recovery center | community health network








      skip to main content
    










mychart sign in
mychart



mychart


sign in
register




sign in to mychart



to register for mychart, our patient communication and information system, please choose from the following options:
if you have an activation code from your enrollment letter/provider:

register with code

don't have a code?

sign up here




mychart resources
how-to guides and tips for mychart users
mychart guide

get an immediate, self-serve price estimate through mychart - no account or login required!
get an estimate






search


search (header)









menu







 

      
    find a doctor
  




 

      
    careers
  




 

      
    urgent care
  




 

      
    locations
  




 

      
    billing & costs
  




 

      
    contact us
  







menu


health services


provider/employee login


classes and events


education and research


about us


diversity, equity and inclusion


news


give




follow community health network
















































breadcrumb


home


locations


                  community fairbanks recovery center
              

















      community fairbanks recovery center
    



          8102 clearvista parkway 
                      indianapolis, in 46256 









800-225-4673



hours and more

call 24 hours a day, seven days a week. walk-ins accepted. same-day appointments available.access department/assessment hours:monday through friday, 8 a.m. to 9 p.m.saturday/sunday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.admissions 24/7for after-hours assessments and detox admissions, please visit community fairbanks behavioral health crisis department located at 7165 clearvista way, indianapolis, in 46256get help now










the experts in substance use disorder treatment and recoveryfor more than 80 years, the name fairbanks has been known for the best in evidence-based drug and alcohol addiction treatment. as community fairbanks recovery center, we provide access to one of the state’s most comprehensive medical and behavioral health systems.we offer a full continuum of care, including outpatient addiction medicine, family counseling, recovery housing and long-term recovery management.



evidence-based treatment


in compliance with the standards set by the american society of addiction medicine, the care and treatment we provide is personalized to the patient. we also adhere to the 13 core principles of substance use disorder treatment identified by the national institute on drug abuse. in following these principles, we differentiate ourselves from other treatment centers. for example:we believe no single type or form of treatment is appropriate for everyone.we strongly believe that treatment must attend to any co-occurring mental health issues and the psychosocial/environmental needs of the patient.our comprehensive, trauma-informed, scientific approach administered by licensed, credentialed caregivers offers support every step of the way.community fairbanks recovery center adheres to the strict code of ethics put forth by the national association of addiction treatment providers (naatp) that provides insight into our values as treatment professionals and offers guidance for clinical decisions.we promote recovery, as defined by the substance abuse and mental health services administration: a process of change through which individuals improve their health and wellness, live a self-directed life, and strive to reach their full potential.



treatment programs



individualized treatment for addictionbecause every person and every experience with substance use disorder is different, we offer a variety of programs designed to meet individual needs. upon arriving at fairbanks, you or your loved one will be assessed to determine the proper course of treatment. while there are different levels of treatment, from inpatient to recovery management, our comprehensive approach supports the mind, body and spirit of every individual we serve. we offer specialized treatment for men and women in all of our programs including mat (medication-assisted treatment), counseling and group therapy. throughout treatment at fairbanks, you or a loved one receive care that recognizes adverse events that may contribute to substance-use issues and helps begin the journey of recovery.inpatient programsdesigned for those who need medical intervention or a structured environment to abstain from substance use and includes withdrawal management (commonly called detox), rehab, residential treatment and involvement in group therapy.learn moreoutpatient programsdesigned for those who need substance use disorder treatment services that do not require around-the-clock supervision. this level of care allows patients to continue attending school or work while receiving treatment.learn morerecovery housingthe community fairbanks recovery housing program offers an opportunity for patients to transition from inpatient treatment to outpatient treatment or recovery management programming in a recovery-friendly atmosphere.learn moreresidential programslong-term residential treatment programs offer specialized treatment for individuals struggling with substance use disorders who have complex recovery issues.learn moreadolescent programssince 1982, we have specialized in treating teens who struggle with substance use disorders and focus on treating the whole child, including co-occurring issues such as depression, anxiety, and stress. from level one counseling to outpatient and recovery management, our experienced adolescent specialists are skilled in providing evidence-based treatment tailored to the unique needs of teens.learn morerecovery managementon the road of recovery, what you or a loved one does after finishing treatment is just as important as getting professional help in the first place. and when it comes to substance use disorders, people who stay connected to their recovery community have a better chance of remaining on the path of recovery.learn moreprevention educationfairbanks offers substance use disorder education for individuals with high-risk behaviors associated with drugs and/or alcohol. program participants learn about their relationship with alcohol, marijuana and other drugs, and increase their understanding about the consequences of their substance abuse.learn morecommunity fairbanks family connectionscommunity fairbanks family connections helps families and friends get answers to the many questions they may have when learning about – and trying to understand – substance-abuse disorders.learn more



what to expect



when a person comes to community fairbanks recovery center ready to live a life in recovery, first and foremost you can expect an understanding, professional treatment process. we believe that substance use disorder is separate from the person, and our supportive medical teams, staff and volunteers treat everyone with respect. our recovery approach is focused on mind, body and spirit, because life-long recovery encompasses the whole person.intake and admissionsbefore being admitted, the person will be assessed to determine the best course of treatment for successful recovery.learn morea typical dayevery day at community fairbanks recovery center our goal remains the same: to get each individual on the road to recovery. while participating in our treatment programs, patients will receive expert care in a respectful and understanding environment. people in treatment can expect the benefits of life skill development, education, support for family and guidance on how to achieve life-long recovery with our tools.a typical day may consist of any of the following treatment groups or education sessions:group therapymat (medication-assisted treatment)relapse preventionnutrition educationstress management/life skills developmentfamily education groupsspiritualityrecreational therapyamenities at community fairbanks include a gym with exercise equipment, cafeteria, and coffee and gift shops.family resourceswe believe family support plays a significant role in recovery. that’s why families are welcome at community fairbanks recovery center and receive support of their own to better help their loved one.learn moreafter treatmenthow someone lives after treatment is just as important as treatment. at community fairbanks recovery center, we continue to support patients and keep them connected to the community by hosting activities and events.the first 30 days and first year after finishing treatment for substance use disorder are major milestones on the road to recovery. they can be some of the most difficult times along the journey, but our patients are not alone. community fairbanks is there every step of the way through recovery management.staying connected to a recovery community is essential to reducing risk of relapse. with community fairbanks recovery management, patients will receive the help of a recovery coach. we encourage participation in an individual or group program as well as family support meetings.



costs, insurance and payment options



recovery is our priority. that’s why community fairbanks recovery center offers payment plans and accepts most major insurance plans. learn more about insurance, self-pay, financial assistance and pricing for services.financial optionspay my billtry our convenient online bill pay through mychart or call 317-355-5555 for assistance.pay bill in mychart



living in recovery: support options



recovery is a journey, not a destination. that’s why it’s important to stay connected to a community like the one at community fairbanks recovery center. we offer a variety of ways to stay involved to help you or a loved one stay sober.outside support meetingsin addition to treatment, we recommend our patients participate in outside support groups including smart recovery, aa, na and celebrate recovery. outside support groups are valuable contributions to the list of tools of recovery that patients can use on their recovery journey. however, we do not consider one group of tools more essential than another. it is vital that patients have equal access to whichever tools are the most valuable to helping them achieve and maintain sobriety.currently, the following on-site meetings are being held at community fairbanks recovery center.mondayovereaters anonymous, 6:30-7:30 p.m., rc229tuesdayclearvista al-anon group, 7-8 p.m., rc231wednesdayyoga 12-step recovery, 7:30-8:30 p.m., rc157/158wednesday night aca, 6:30-8 p.m., rc204courage to heal sia, 7-8 p.m., rc228thursdayvirtual only - 24 group parent support meeting, 7:30-9 p.m., last thursday of every month - join (zoom link)heroin survivor, 6-7 p.m., rc229progress not perfection al-anon family group, 7-8 p.m., rc234community fairbanks alumni, 7-8 p.m., rc219/220fridaycoda meeting, 7-8 p.m., rc228saturdaycarrying the message men's aa meeting, 7:30-8:30 a.m., rc219/234/242/241gamblers anonymous (closed), 9-10 a.m., rc228saturday crossroads aca, 9-10 a.m., rc229new beginning alcoholics anonymous, 8-9 p.m., rc128/129sundaysunday morning breakfast aa, 9:30-10:30 a.m., rc219/234/242/241overeaters anonymous, 7-8 p.m., rc229please contact curtis langhammer at 317-957-9924 or clanghammer@ecommunity.com with questions. other options are provided below for in-person and online support.in-person support (all clubs are open)carvel club - 4627 carvel ave., indianapolis; 317-255-0037club east – 441 s ritter ave, indianapolis; 317-356-2802westside club - 6450 w 10th st. #7, indianapolis; 317-757-8961southside fellowship center - 317-782-0802suburban north club – 1811 south 10th st., noblesville; 317-770-1399dry dock club - 62 w 3rd street, shelbyville; 317-480-5018way out club – 226 cherry street, greenfield; 317-468-0082online supportif you are in search of outside support groups and other online resources, check:comprehensive list of indy aa online meetingsadult children of alcoholics (acoa)al-anonalcoholics anonymousallies in recoverycelebrate recoveryco-dependents anonymous (coda)cocaine anonymouscrystal meth anonymousescape from intimacygamblers anonymousheroin anonymouslifering secular recoverymoderation managementnarcotics anonymousovereaters anonymousrecovery dharmasmart recoverywomen for sobrietyyoga of 12 step recoveryrecovery supportthe first year following substance use disorder treatment can be difficult. this is the time when an individual needs to establish important life skills to help in the transition back to work, school and community. we know that when a person stays connected to recovery support they can significantly increase their success in long-term recovery from substance use disorders.following primary treatment, we encourage one to continue to receive support from community fairbanks through our community fairbanks recovery management program. while participating in recovery management, an individual will receive guidance, encouragement, and support. there are many ways to stay connected to community fairbanks recovery center and a supportive recovery community.in the transition from treatment to recovery, recovery coaches are vital in keeping individuals on the path to lifelong recovery. a person will meet with his or her coach in weekly groups that introduce sober stress management, recovery maintenance and ideas to develop a balanced life without drugs or alcohol.please contact us to learn more about recovery management at fairbanks.family support groupour free family support group is designed specifically to provide loved ones with useful information about substance use disorders and recovery.



alumni and volunteering



alumni activitiesthe community fairbanks alumni association welcomes anyone who has graduated from programming at community fairbanks recovery center. this free group of recovery-focused individuals meets regularly for fun activities, workshops and events — all in the spirit of supporting each other on a journey to long-term recovery. what’s included in your free membership?newsletters and information about educational and social events that aim to enhance your recoverydiscounts for various purchases and eventsthe opportunity to interact with others who are committed to lifelong recovery and helping others live free from alcohol and drugsto participate, please complete the online alumni association application. if you have questions about our alumni association, please contact curtis langhammer at clanghammer@ecommunity.com.alumni association applicationvolunteeringvolunteers are the backbone of the community fairbanks community. we are always looking for new volunteers who are willing to give their time to support others in recovery. our volunteers donate their time and talent to community fairbanks recovery center in a variety of ways, but most importantly they offer hope to our patients and their families.if you are interested in volunteering at community fairbanks, please complete our online application form.volunteer application formwho can volunteer?any individual who is at least 18 years old and supports the vision and mission of community fairbanks recovery center may apply. we are looking for folks who have a few extra hours each month to volunteer and are willing to share their experience, strength and hope in recovery and/or are able to provide support and companionship and model healthy lifestyle choices.volunteer opportunitiesbelow are some of our volunteer needs:gym assistant - monitor clients during recreational hours.coffee shop clerk - provide friendly customer service while keeping coffee and food products readily available.gift shop clerk - provide friendly customer service while assisting with purchases and keeping the shop clean and tidy.group facilitator - share your experience, strength and hope with patients.



professional referrals



make a referralrecovery for your patients, students and employees begins at community fairbanks recovery center.call our professional referral care coordinator at 317-806-7500. for prompt assistance, please have your patient’s general contact information, insurance information, and clinical presentations available.why choose community fairbanks recovery center?our expert, licensed and credentialed medical staff, recovery professionals and volunteers provide personalized care, working with your patient to create a customized recovery plan. we specialize in trauma-informed, evidence-based recovery programs for adults, adolescents and families.the community fairbanks continuum of care supports patients throughout their journey of recovery. we serve thousands of patients annually and treat any stage of substance use disorder. when you refer your patient to community fairbanks recovery center, you can rest assured they are receiving the expertise you require.



support community fairbanks



community fairbanks recovery center is one of the oldest free-standing, nonprofit alcohol and drug treatment centers in the country. we began treating alcoholic men in 1945 in indianapolis, and now we serve men, women, adolescents and their families from around the country who struggle with substance use disorders. financial support from individuals and organizations helps us continue to provide patient assistance and offer new programs and fulfill our vision and mission.give to community fairbanks recovery centerthrough the unselfish support of corporate and individual donors, community fairbanks recovery center is able to provide programs and fill gaps to ensure patients receive the treatment they need.use the form below to make a gift to community fairbanks’ general fund. or you may mail your donation to community health network foundation, 7330 shadeland station, suite 150, indianapolis, in 46256.give todaycircle of hopethe annual circle of hope dinner is community fairbanks recovery center's largest fundraising event and serves as a celebration of life in recovery.learn moremore ways to givefor more ways to support community fairbanks recovery center, visit the community health network foundation's ways to help page.



certifications and accreditations



as a certified and accredited drug and alcohol treatment center, community fairbanks provides scientifically supported, evidence-based programs to our patients. we are endorsed by state and federal government agencies as well as local community groups:


















careers



community fairbanks recovery center employees provide a vital service to the community, taking care of people when they need it the most. we are always looking for talented, compassionate, exceptional staff, from registered nurses and patient care coordinators to food and environmental services partners. watch the video of caregivers describing why they love working at community fairbanks, and search open positions below.search community fairbanks jobs





news and resources



media inquiriesour recovery experts are available for interviews and presentations on a variety of topics related to substances, drug use trends and substance use disorder treatment. please contact kris kirschner at kkirschner@ecommunity.com to arrange an interview.



compliments or complaints



providing the best in evidence-based, professional care to patients is always our first priority. if you have questions about your community fairbanks experience or suggestions for making it better, please contact patient relations and advocacy at 317-621-7000 or e-mail patientrelationsandadvocacy@ecommunity.com. you may also file a complaint with the joint commission on its website.











find a doctor




our services
explore community fairbanks admissions and treatment programs below. click on "see all services" to see general health services at community.


admissions
inpatient programs
outpatient programs
recovery housing
residential programs
adolescent programs
recovery management
family connections
prevention education
behavioral health at community


see all services





around community fairbanks recovery center



 


film offers help and hope for families dealing with addiction


the short film, sometimes i imagine your funeral, written and directed by a hoosier native, shares his personal experience of growing up with a sister with substance use disorder.
read more




 


largest gift in community fairbanks history


the tom & julie wood family foundation will donate $5 million to endow community fairbanks' recovery housing program over five years.
read more




 


community fairbanks family connections


have questions about a loved one’s substance use? schedule an appointment at community fairbanks family connections.
read more




 


substance use treatment in a private, serene setting


the community fairbanks recovery lodge is a long-term residential program to help those with complex recovery issues.
read more














toll-free, 24 hours:
800-777-7775




live chat



follow community health network





























footer


terms of use


privacy notice


notice of non-discrimination


price transparency


financial assistance


compliance concerns
















