


















home - rsvp of dane county
































































skip to content












english
español
text size sml




search in https://www.rsvpdane.org/



search button













homeprograms

community connectionsdriver servicesvets helping vetsintergenerationalfoster grandparentsgroup projectstriadbus buddy
about us

board of directorscommitteespartners and resourcesemployment
news/events

newsnewsletterevents
contact us

rsvp staff
volunteer

i want to volunteerrecognitionopportunities
donate 






enrich your life through volunteering







the retired and senior volunteer program (rsvp) has been matching individuals age 55 and above with fulfilling volunteer opportunities in 25 communities across dane county for more than 50 years. volunteering brings many benefits including opportunities to meet new friends, to stay active and healthy, and to enjoy the satisfaction of knowing that you are making a positive difference in neighbors’ lives.
we invite you to join us.
special note: the rsvp office will be closed tuesday, january 21, due to inclement weather.












volunteer







our programs







donate







about us









“the benefits just keep adding up. seeing the kids grow in their love of reading and the little boys opening up and being more confident, and happy. i can’t describe how great it makes me feel. i believe i’ve been able to help the little girl focus and pay closer attention to the teachers too.”
– foster grandparent volunteer


“this is my second year serving as a computer buddy. my buddy has been a great correspondent and always sounds enthusiastic to read my messages. i love hearing about his experiences at home and in school…the computer buddy program is a wonderful way for us to help 4th graders with their spelling, keyboard, and writing skills! i am so happy to be involved. thank you for all your support.”
– intergenerational volunteer


“volunteering makes me happy when i’m sad. i hardly have down days. i used to make myself get my housework done before knitting or crocheting, but now i allow myself to prioritize handwork.”
– an rsvp homeworkers volunteer


“the excitement and joy i find in these students is so refreshing. as i walk into the classroom, the first thing i see are all the hands going up in the air. they want to read or write with me. with each one, i have a chance to talk about their assignments, book characters they love and the eclipse was a great sharing experience!! one day, the entire class got a chance to make their own fleece scarf for themselves and then make another for the needy with supplies i brought in. fun fun.”
– intergenerational volunteer


“never in my wildest imaginings did i think that my small donations could ever be counted as significant. but small efforts over time really do add up and now i find myself a member of rsvp’s leadership circle!”
– rsvp volunteer and donor











learn how triad enables older adults to live safer lives
 
 


                                    listen now                                








learn about a unique way to work with children
 
 


                                    learn more                                








find out about giving rides to medical appointments
 
 


                                    read more                                











meet our volunteers
“i volunteer because there is a great need, and i enjoy it, and i’m passionate about people.”
terry ortman
home delivered meals volunteer
 
 









meet our volunteers


















what’s new and noteworthy at rsvp

news
events
newsletter





join our mailing list






email(required)













your privacy is important to us. we will never sell or share your email. easy to unsubscribe anytime.



















thank you
to uw health, unity point health-meriter, and madison gas & electric,
our 2024 volunteer appreciation event major sponsors.
 









retired and senior volunteer program and foster grandparent program


hours of operation

monday – friday, 8:30 am – 4:00 pm
rsvp of dane county
6501 watts road, suite 250
madison, wi 53719



contact us
(608) 238-7787send an emailfind usstaff directory 

opportunities
volunteerdonateemployment 

follow us
newsletterfacebookyoutube 









































