

whitehaven.org.uk all you need to know about whitehaven in cumbria. official 
town site features, history, business and tourist information, churches clubs, 
attractions. locally based service.














      where to stay
town information
travel 
      information
search this site
whitehaven rugby league
copeland council
clubs - societies
traders and services 
      
cycleway details
lake district
seeking help & 
      letters
tide 
        tables
do you want to get 
      on the net?
whitehaven businesses 
        on the web
whitehaven genealogy
useful information
site map
 rosehill 
        theatre   
church news

cumbrian 
        library on-line
        
historical information
the beacon centre
pubs of whitehaven
whitehaven 
        slave traders




.

first guy to swim 
      from st bees to the isle of man...sad news that haven rl great, gordon cottier has died at age of 74 a 
      gent and inspiration.
new 
      car parking system on harbourside car parks 
climate cult says "who needs 500 jobs" at whitehaven mine


breaking news:judge stops mine plans after legal action by friends 
      of the earth. operator west cumbria mining says the extraction of millions 
      of tonnes of coking coal for steel production will create 500 highly skilled 
      local jobs, with up to 1,500 more in the supply chain. labour failed to 
      back the mine plan having fallen in line with the extinction/climate change 
      cult. meanwhile the whitehaven coal mine in australia is booming with exports 
      to china.
 
      the absurd campaign to oppose the mine and keep importing steelmaking coal 
      from overseas got backing from labour's ed miliband and libdem spokesman 
      sir ed davey and 'green' objectors.  until then the uk has to import its steelmaking 
      coal. mayor mike starkey needs a better loudhailer to get the message across. 
      ed davey babbles on about using other energy sources than coal...ignoring 
      the fact that the whitehaven coal is not for power generation. 

      this followed yet another public inquiry (september 7 2021) into whitehaven's 
      steelmaking coal plan..see 
      details here.

      background: the repeated democratic approval by cumbria county council of 
      the mine was halted by an unelected official. this was stated in the council's 
      statement to the public inquiry that:" after careful consideration, 
      the council’s executive director economy and infrastructure decided 
      on 8th february 2021 (in due accordance with her delegated powers under 
      the council’s constitution and entirely reasonably in the circumstances) 
      that the application should be referred back to the committee for reconsideration.".
 
        in another crazy move (24/4/2021) extinction rebellion dumped 'coal' outside 
        lloyds of london in bid to prevent insurers providing insurance cover 
        for the proposed steelmaking coal mine. 
        by making a second freedom of information request (18/3/2021) whitehaven.org.uk 
        had established no elected councillor (neither labour nor tory) made the 
        decision to hit the steelmaking coal mine plan with a major delay.
        we originally asked in the first foi request "which councillors or 
        council officials made the decision reported in media to re examine the 
        planning application by wcm for new coal mine at whitehaven."
        in reply the council stated: "the executive director economy and 
        infrastructure made the decision to re-examine the planning application 
        by wcm for new coal mine at whitehaven." in our second request we 
        asked:"which county councillors made the decision to have the wcm 
        whitehaven coal mine planning application reconsidered?" the answer 
        was: "county councillors did not make or approve the decision to 
        have the wcm whitehaven coal mine planning
        application reconsidered. this decision was made by the executive director 
        for economy and infrastructure under responsibilities set out in the constitution 
        - part 3 - delegation to officers."

this is the timeline of the absurd decisions to delay steelmaking coal 
      mine...
        democratically elected county council approves planning application.
        democratically elected central government accepts plans.
        ed miliband (supposedly labour's business spokesman) makes speech condemning 
        the plans.
        county council director of economy decides to have plans re-examined.
        mine applicant threatens judicial review...
        government halts plans and sets up public inquiry. 
the outcome of this shambles will be that the uk has to carry on importing 
      coking coal for steelmaking. the trendy 'green' claim of using hydrogen 
      for steelmaking not operating in 
      protesters have not fully explained how the nation would then rely on coking 
      coal imports instead of coal from whitehaven. even cumbria 
      wildlife joined the opposition, despite this promoting imports of overseas 
      coking coal.

      pictured is an offshore drilling platform drilling to test for layers of 
      coking coal off st bees head.
      west cumbria mining hope to start the extraction of coking coal off the 
      coast of st bees, with a processing plant on the former marchon site at 
      kells. coal would be treated at a processing plant using around a third 
      of the former marchon site and covered by a dome, before being transferred 
      to a train loading facility on a siding built by wcm 
      south of the new mirehouse train station.
      see also the history of mining 
      in whitehaven 
taxpayers cash builds eyesore?

    with funding via sellafield and ultimately taxpayers, a massive new structure 
    being built on whitehaven harbourside. find 
    out more here.




 boost to shop local
for more information on the new copeland campaign go to the 
        shop local directory.

naive copeland says yes to nuke dump
copeland council's ruling executive voted july 22 2020 to "open 
        up discussions" on the possibility of building an underground nuclear 
        waste repository in the borough - though not in the lake district.
        the council's leadership voted to begin discussions with radioactive waste 
        management (rwm), with a view towards setting up a working group to explore 
        the prospect of an underground facility - a geological disposal facility 
        (gdf) - being constructed in the borough.more 
        info

whitehaven 
      and the virginian tobacco trade


      read about whitehaven's role as the tobacco trading hub for europe & 
      the links with the early us 
      colonies.

spot the mineshaft 
      near you!
      an interactive map shows the many mine shafts that pepper 
      the area around whitehaven and cleator moor. this information has been extracted 
      from the national coal mining database, held and maintained by the coal 
      authority. go 
      to the interactive map....
      and see more on the area's 
      mining...

haunting pictures before 2017 demolition show 'ghost' nightclub 
      ...the park

        now in 2017 demolished, what was previously the town's swimming pool, 
        then became a nightclub, known to many from past decades as the park. 
        featured in the daily 
        mirror this picture of the sad interior remains of the park 
        nightclub. pic by dave wilson. 
      
whitehaven's mutineer...

how one of the mutineers on the bounty escaped the hangman's noose....read 
        on

 breezy day 
      at whitehaven! (december 5 2013)
 

 whitehaven as she was
      in 1847...
fascinating detail in 
      this reproduction from a gazetteer from 1847....


how the queen 
      mum helped keep rare slave goblet in whitehaven
find 
      out how her majesty queen elizabeth the queen mother in 2002 made the anonymous 
      gift...

 
 


steam 
      at lowca
 atmospheric video 
        on the footplate of steam shunter working at lowca....you 
        can almost smell the steam and coal dust!



   
        take a stroll!
take 
        a guided walk around the town .....


memories 
      of the 2005 maritime festival

queen's 
      visit 2008
on june 5 2008 queen elizabeth 
      and the duke of edinburgh were cheered by around 10,000 wellwishers along 
      the harbourside. the event marked 
      the 300th anniversary of the grant of the royal charter for the harbour.
see 
    the actual royal document in which queen anne granted whitehaven her harbour.
 

 



old harbourside scene

 




marras..archive of past match reports of whitehaven 
            rfl


to ask us for a web advert, page or a site of your own
contact:
emails
        david j siddall
        tel 07780681066
gulliver's travels inspired by whitehaven,  in 2022 a mural celebrating the 
    connection was repainted thanks to heritage group.the fascinating connection 
    between jonathan swift and whitehaven..find out the story 
    here. cumbria's slavery connections
one of 
      the first times a black slave was permitted to share a white person’s 
      burial plot in england happened in whitehaven in 1700. and the whitehaven 
      burial in st nicholas’ churchyard, of the slave called jane, was in 
      defiance of the then law stating that no african could be buried in a churchyard. 
      the burial was that of the slave servant of mildred gale, grandmother of 
      the first us president, george washington. more.....

setting sail out of whitehaven

      before the days of satnav 
      whitehaven seamen set out at the mercy of the winds and tides from whitehaven....many 
      of the ships and their skippers are recorded in this 
      web archive...






    all about whitehaven 
      plus where to stay
    find out more about the old 
    pubs and characters that have made whitehaven unique.
click to visit our feature page
      
take a stroll 
      through whitehaven

      also use our information pagelow level jet through the lakes

      try this video from the cockpit of a typhoon over wales and the lake district...

fireworks fun!







new marina video

  our letters page enables you to
      get in touch with our visitors.
      check out if you can help long lost families 
      regain contact.

      we can also put your club or
      business on the web.
      telephone:07780681066. 
e mails to whitehaven.org.uk




