




furniture care - furniture care tips.com













       

 furniture care tips.com
 
















 



            home
antique furniture
fine furniture care
outdoor furniture
care products
furniture directory
furniture glossary




            furniture care tips 
            was created to provide our readers with suggestions and tips for 
            caring for their fine home furnishings.


            furniture care professionals with 40 years experience help you with 
            the care of your wood, rattan, 
            wicker, fine antiques and outdoor furniture and accessories.
about us



 











 


 




 


 

furnishing your home with quality furniture is a major investment. proper care of your fine furniture will give you years of enjoyment.
furniture care guide:

fine furniture care
outdoor furniture care
upholstery and fabric care
leather furniture care
antique furniture care
furniture care products
furniture & woodworking directory
furniture glossary


 


 
 


 




 
 
 
 
 







furniture manufacturers today utilize a variety of materials and specialized finishes on indoor and outdoor furniture designed to protect the furniture during regular use.

      what can you do to protect the finish on your furniture? cleaners, waxes and polishes are available to help protect the finish 
        on all of your furniture from scratches and abrasions.

      cleaning and polishing your furniture should be done on a regular basis. dust attracts moisture, which can accumulate and soften the finish on your furniture. this can lead to further damage, possibly to the wood itself.

      there are a variety of furniture care products readily available at most department stores, hardware centers and even in supermarkets.

      regular care and maintenance will give you the years or satisfaction that you expected when purchasing your home furnishings.





 


 
 




 









copyright ©2005 ~  furniture care tips all rights reserved.





