


hostel in san jose costa rica - costa rica backpackers hostel  - budget hostel with garde near san jose airport costa rica,  auberge de jeunesse san jose costa rica , alberge de juventud san jose costa rica, hostal costa rica














costa rica backpackers hostel - hostel san josé costa rica, auberge de jeunesse, coworking |



































(506) 2221-6191
costaricabackpackers@gmail.com














facebook




twitter




instagram


  
















facebook




twitter




instagram



  
 
 










home
the story
reservations
tours
san jose activities
group bookings
facilities
location
careers
covid-19
 


select page


  
 



 



 














 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 



* bunk beds with light, outlet, usb chargers, storage, curtains !
book your bed online here
 
 
 
 



a slice of paradise in san josé
 
welcome to costa rica backpackers hostel, your green slice of paradise in downton san jose. enjoy our swimming pool, lush tropical garden and complimentary amenities like co-working spaces, free coffee and tea, secure storage, parking and a fully equipped kitchen.
just 30 minutes from the airport, near bus terminals and a 5-minute walk from the lively barrio la california and barrio escalante, you’ll have easy access to some of the city’s best bars and restaurants
 we also have onsite a licensed bar-restaurant called “bar-packers” where you can unwind, enjoy delicious food, and connect with fellow travelers from all around the world !
 
 



 
 
 



facilities 
 
costa rica backpackers is a unique spot in san jose, with a huge tropical garden, swimming pool, full equipped kitchen, hammocks, cool tunes, free coffee & tea, free storage, co-working spaces, parking and a friendly atmosphere.
 
 
 


bar
 
 

restaurant
 
 

garden
 
 

lounge
 
 
 


reception
 
 

swimming pool
 
 

private bunk beds
 
 

kitchen
 
 
 


  free coffee & tea
 
 

tv room
 
 

tour desk
 
 

free wifi
 
 
 
 



tours 
 
you can book with us exiting day trips like rafting rio pacuare, the arenal volcano, the jungle of tortuguero or rent your car!
 
 
 









rafting rio pacuare this trip gives you the ultimate blend ofwilderness exposure and excitement.the rio pacuare is world famous forits pristine beauty, read more..






arenal volcano & hot springs full day tour to arenal volcano & the hotsprings, we will pass by the town ofgrecia and sarchi, known for itsarts and crafts. read more..






extremo canopy monteverde the monteverde extremo canopy touris perfect for the adventure bound,those seeking high adrenalineexperiences read more..






tortuguero 1 night beb & breakfast (only), 2 days – 1 night for $99 (tours are additional, park entrance $10, turtle nesting $25), free kayaks use !! tortuguero is nicest national park on the caribbean coast, read more..






poas volcano & la paz waterfall poas volcano, coffee plantations, la paz waterfall garden only from $49  read more..






irazu volcano, basilica & orosi valley all in one day, the best of the east side irazu volcano, cartago and it’s cathedral, orosi valley only from $49 read more..








 
 
 



location 
 
backpackers hostels network
 
 
 









arenal read more..






cahuita read more..






chirripo read more..






dominical read more..






jaco read more..






liberia read more..






mal pais read more..






manuel antonio read more..






monteverde read more..






montezuma read more..






nosara read more..






osa read more..






orosi read more..






puerto viejo read more..






quepos read more..






san jose read more..






tamarindo read more..






tortuguero read more..






turrialba read more..






uvita read more..






panama read more..






samara read more..






nicaragua read more..








 
 
 



top reviews 
 
highly reviewed on booking.com, hostelworld, expedia and trip advisor 
 
pauline
great stay, would recommend

lovely spacious hostel with various areas to hang out in. 8 bed mixed dorm was spacious too, beds reasonably comfortable but each with individual curtains, light and plugs. reasonably clean and well equipped kitchen. wifi that works throughout the entire hostel which is great. i had a medical problem and the girl at reception was extremely helpful.
pauline




australiajennifer
excellent

excellent shared areas-pool, bar, outdoor kitchen, hammocks, clothes line for drying clothes. **delicious cooked food available for affordable price. **excellent choices for guided adventures with direct pickup from property. *better exchange rate than at the airport!
jennifer




united states of americamelissa
good

this is one of the cooler hostels in terms of communal space with the variety of lounging chairs around the pool with music playing and an on-site bar and restaurant.
melissa




united states of americajen
exceeded expectations. very clean, good location, extra value obtained with services

there have been renovations and my dorm room had hardwood floors and a very comfortable, large mattress. there was a concierge on site that gave you a map and showed you walking destinations. they have a bar and restaurant on site near the pool which is very convenient and adds to the sociability of the place. all bathrooms were consistently very fresh and well lit, also newly renovated.
jen




canadaj-p
good

garden, pool, restaurant on site and easy access to downtown.
 j-p




canadacora
a stopover in san jose

the common areas were beautiful and really conducive for meeting other travellers. plenty of unique and comfortable areas to hang out in. my room was spacious with large lockers and extra blankets for the cooler evenings.
cora




canadaa
good

the common area was beautiful and the kitchen was big. it was good for the price. lots of chairs hommocs and even matresses in the common area to chill.
a





panama
 
 
 
  


 
 
 




first backpackers hostel in costa rica, we are independent and locally run, and as such you will get the personal touch not found in big chain hostels. we opened our doors in 2001  quick linksreservations
tours
group bookings
san jose activities
facilities
location
careers
  contact us  (506) 2221-6191




    costaricabackpackers@gmail.com   



 avenida 6, calle 21 y 25, san josé, costa rica.  mailing list
sing up for our mailing list to get latest updates and offers: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human: 
    
 
















facebook




twitter




instagram


costa rica backpackers. 2023  

 
 
 























