









tower 23 hotel | san diego boutique beachfront hotel


































01stay
					


rooms


specials


about us


location


gallery


perks





02dine
					


jrdn





03play
					


events






04gather
					



05contact
					






           book now
         



 menu icon









tower23 hotel


















a sophisticated & uniqueboutique hotel learn more




a sophisticated & uniqueboutique hotel eat & drink




a sophisticated & uniqueboutique hotel discover more 




a sophisticated & uniqueboutique hotel view rooms




a sophisticated & uniqueboutique hotel view gallery




a sophisticated & uniqueboutique hotel group info






previous



next









san diego's only lifestyle hotel on the beach

perfectly positioned on the pacific beach boardwalk, tower23 hotel derives its name from lifeguard tower 23 nearby. san diego's vibrant beach lifestyle sets the stage for the hotel's distinctive architecture and style that you'll enjoy during your stay. once you're ready to explore, the famous coastline of la jolla beckons just north of you while balboa park, hillcrest, north park and other bustling san diego neighborhoods brewing with fun are just a short drive away. 



  













an evocative sanctuary

contact us
























our hotel rooms
 
the rooms and suites at tower23 hotel offer pristine ocean views, clean and modern design, high-end amenities, and distinguished furnishings creating the perfect balance between luxury and relaxation during your beachfront vacation.
view rooms









comfort + style














read more





dining & bar
unique experiences



sink into your seat at jrdn where the food matches the vibe - fresh, cool, and upbeat. let us start you off with a refreshing beverage before dazzling with you a menu inspired by our oceanfront locale. take time to dine while you take in the views, a picturesque sunset is waiting for you. as the evening advances, the atmosphere of jrdn transforms from california casual to west coast hip. the dramatic setting sun, for which pacific beach is famous, is celebrated by its ambient reflection on a 70-foot long “wave wall” in the restaurant. color-changing lighting continues this theatrical effect throughout the evening and will leave you enchanted long after your dining experience.


discover more














 events + weddings
gather










discover more

























events
 
 everything is happening at tower23, food, drinks, entertainment, and much more! 





 
sunset sessions
join us march 8 from 4pm-8pm on the tower deck for curated dj sets by dokos designed to inspire dancing,...
view event




 
happy hour
it's happy hours, darling. get lost in libation when you find yourself at the beach monday through friday from 3-5pm* clink+...
view event




 
pop off
pop off at the beach every tuesday from 5pm to close as we uncork 50% off an extensive selection of...
view event






view all events












@t23hotel



























×

















 




rooms
specials
eat.drink.sleep.

location
careers
accessibility
privacy






 



newsletter





thanks for signing up!













 tower23 hotel
            723 felspar street
            pacific beach
            san diego, ca 92109
 ph.+1 858 270 2323
reserve23@t23hotel.com


 




 back to top


































