
















home | savedaily
























                        investor access
                     


                        access your existing account
                     





                           username
                           





                           create a password
                           




                        login
                        



























                        partner access
                     


                        global partner access
                     





                           username
                           





                           enter your password
                           




                        login
                        



























                     home
                     



                     about us
                     



                     how it works
                     





                     account options
                     



















                                    investor access
                                 

















                                    partner access
                                 











                                    investedhealth
                                 

















                     leaders in digital investment




                     as forerunners in financial technology for over 20 years, we enable our partners to
                     integrate digital investment solutions into their offerings.
                  














what we do



                     savedaily is an api-based financial services technology firm 
                  


                     we enable financial and non-financial institutions to deliver leading digital investment savings solutions.
                  























                                 investors
                              


                                 would be investors often cannot attain sound investment offerings suitable for their investment experience.
                              















                                 financial institutions
                              


                                 the mass market segment has been historically difficult for advisors to
                                 transition from an advisor based solution to a technology based one.
                              

























                                 the savedaily solution
                              


                                 the savedaily digital investment savings platform enables institutions to deliver leading innovative savings and investment propositions under their own brand that can be efficiently deployed and maintained.
                              




















offerings


                     flexible savings and investing programs
                  


                     the savedaily platform offers 8 financial services technology modules that can be tailored to various demographic segments.
                  











                        health savings accounts
                     


                        corporations can offer their employees a mechanism to handle medical expenses while providing opportunities for financial growth.
                     










                        credit card overlay programs
                     


                        offerings that allow individuals to save while spending on everyday purchases using their existing credit cards and debit cards.
                     










                        robo-advisor solutions
                     


                        artificial intelligence backed robo-advisor based investment services designed to improve investors digital experiences.
                     










                        technology reporting engine
                     


                        web-based dashboards to monitor investor data points and to integrate all partner service offerings on a 360 degree basis.
                     










                        pension offering
                     


                        branded employer sponsored fully automated and electronic pension offerings with or without advisors.
                     










                        high-net worth
                     


                        access to high-value investment opportunities and discretionary advising services for the largest of private bank clients.
                     










                        mass affluent
                     


                        fully automated and electronic advisory based offerings, suitable for virtually all client asset levels and experience levels.
                     










                        insurance wrapped 
                     


                        insurance based products delivered alongside investment based products for the convenience of all investors.
                     






















featured videos



                     from smart people to smart
technology & investing



                     
take a look at what savedaily's platform can do for your enterprise.














                              savedaily intro       











                              about savedaily's api
                           









                            single sign on solution
                       
                           















savedaily intro




















savedaily api



















single sign on



































                     see what our partners have to say
                  


                     our years in the industry has given us the opportunity to work with thousands of companies. see what they have to say about savedaily.
                  








                           “as a client of savedaily, i was amazed at the professionalism and quick turnaround time they provided if i had any questions. they were quite responsive, and above reproach to helping me with ideas, problem solving and provided the utmost support.”
                        


lisa schallenberg
executive vice president, eip




                           “we recognize and appreciate the commitment savedaily has to the success of our program and the credit union members we serve.”
                        


rob van nevel
evp & chief member solutions officer, uwcu





                           “the savedaily investment platform is a great approach for starting an investment program.”
                        


jerry wilson
 ceo/president, carpenter marketing group







 
































































                     savedaily news
                  


                     enjoy a selection of our latest news & videos.
                  














                           press
                        







                                    savedaily nominated as one of the top 100 most innovative companies
                                 

                                    view the pdf
                                 



                                    rolloversaver/401(k) study group podcast
                                 

                                    listen now
                                 










                           what's new
                        







                                    savedaily partners with emirates nbd!
                                 

                                    view the article
                                 



                                    rolloversaver partners with 401(k) study group
                                 

                                    visit site
                                 



                                    savedaily passes comprehensive capital readiness report
                                 

                                    read the pdf
                                 












                           videos
                        













                                    real estate advice and savings video
                                 

                                    watch now!
                                 









                                    savedaily single sign on solution video
                                 

                                    watch now!
                                 









                                    rolloversavers's electronic movement
                                 

                                    watch now!
                                 









                                    on point intro
                                 

                                    watch now!
                                 









                                    savedaily dubai conversation
                                 

                                    watch now!
                                 










                           stories
                        







                                 savedaily nominated by us business news
                                 

                                    read more
                                 




















                     savedaily statistics
                  


                     while savedaily offers several different investment solutions tailored to different end customers, there are a number of commonalities throughout.
                  




0k
                        

                           mutual funds
                        



0k
                        

                           pension programs
                        



0k
                        

                           partnerships
                        







































                     don't get left behind
                  


                     take advantage of everything savedaily has to offer. if you have any questions about what savedaily can do for you, get in touch today!
                  









































                     schedule a demo
                  


                     let us present to key stakeholders and demo a first-hand experience of our leading platform so that together we can explore the full range of possibilities for your digital solution.
                  




























                     consult with our experts
                  


                     next, allow our experts to follow up with your wider internal teams, and provide a consultative approach to gaining a better understanding of your needs and requirements.
                  






























                     get a personalized plan
                  


                     finally, once decisions get made to move forward, allow us to establish pricing and detailed planning to carry out project implementation, launch, and ongoing support.
                  








                  contact us
                  


































home





                        what we do
                        



                        offerings
                        



                        featured videos
                        



                              terms & conditions
                           



                              privacy policy
                           



                           consent
                        






about us





                        digital savings
                        



                        savedaily basics
                        



                        our partners
                        



                        testimonials
                        






how it works





                        our platform
                        



                        modules
                        



                        more info
                        



                        contact us
                        






















