





























department of population and quantitative health sciences | case western reserve university







































      skip to main content
    



















go to case.edu
















            	      school of medicine
	    




department of population and quantitative health sciences











search



























submit search








about 


welcome from the department chair


people


open positions


donations




education 


biomedical & health informatics


biostatistics & epidemiology


clinical and translational science


public health


cross-disciplinary training in alzheimer's disease translational data science




research 


alzheimer disease and genetics


research projects


gis health & hazards lab


collaborations




institutes & affiliations


news & events 


events contact information


past events


news archive




resources 


stand & move at work™


campus resources


student forms and guides


student resources


room requests


international student services


living and learning in university circle 







toggle navigation

              navigation + search
            












submit search








about 


welcome from the department chair


people


open positions


donations




education 


biomedical & health informatics 


ms in biomedical & health informatics 


bhi ms curriculum


bhi ms admission


bhi combined bachelor's/ms degree program


bhi ms faqs




phd in biomedical & health informatics 


admission to the bhi phd program


bhi phd curriculum


bhi phd research opportunities




certificate in health informatics 


certificate admission


certificate curriculum




learning environment


bhi faculty


bhi career development


student outcomes


bhi contact information


request information




biostatistics & epidemiology 


ms in biostatistics 


biostatistics ms admission


biostatistics ms curriculum


biostatistics learning environment


biostatistics career development


biostatistics master's faculty


biostatistics combined bachelor's/ms degree program


contact the biostatistics program




phd in epidemiology and biostatistics 


admission to the epidemiology and biostatistics phd program




student outcomes


request information




clinical and translational science 


about clinical research


ms in clinical research 


clinical research tuition and financial aid


clinical research admission


clinical research curriculum


clinical research combined bachelor's/ms degree program


clinical research alumni theses


clinical research faqs




phd in clinical translational science (cts) 


cts admission


cts curriculum


cts mentored research


cts faqs




certificate in clinical research 


certificate admission


certificate curriculum


certificate faqs




clinical research fellow


clinical research faculty


affiliations


request information




public health 


master of public health 


mph admission


meet our people


mph curriculum 


culminating experiences


intensive research pathway




financial assistance


mph career outcomes


dual graduate degrees


admitted and current student resources


innovations conference 


student experience


mph contacts




faqs


request information




cross-disciplinary training in alzheimer's disease translational data science




research 


alzheimer disease and genetics


research projects 


the genetics of amd in the old order amish


biomedical big data: neuroscience and provenance


the epidemiology of tobacco use


foodnest: the future of food in your neighborhood


eradicating the infectious worm that causes lymphatic filariasis


the genetics of tuberculosis resistance


biomedical informatics research




gis health & hazards lab


collaborations




institutes & affiliations


news & events 


events contact information


past events


news archive




resources 


stand & move at work™


campus resources


student forms and guides


student resources


room requests


international student services


living and learning in university circle 










 











 





 




 






faculty member is contributing author on u.s. dept. of health and human services' latest surgeon general's report
dr. jin kim-mozeleski wrote the section on interpersonal-level interventions in this, the most comprehensive investigation of commercial tobacco-related health…









master of public health students present research at friday's conference
bringing together students, faculty, alumni, and community partners, the fall 2024 public health innovations conference will take place november 15th in the biomedical…









the department of population & quantitative health sciences launches stand & move at work program
all are invited to participate in this 12-month program to improve health through more standing and moving throughout the workday!









join the cleveland institute for computational biology at the beautiful cleveland botanical garden for the 2024 north coast conference on precision medicine
today's translational research requires data--lots of data--along with analysis rigor and data standards that enable research reproducibility.









10th annual cwru-tohoku university data science in engineering and life sciences symposium to be held august 5th - 6th at cwru.





previousnext









 





 






our education programs 


we offer several master's and phd programs, many with certificates as a way to explore options. we also offer several undergraduate minors or ba/ms opportunities. our faculty are recognized researchers and award-winning educators. 




study with us







 






open positions


we look for candidates who are passionate about their field, committed to core academic values, and able to work with multidisciplinary research teams. we represent a broad mix of talents and interests, unified by a collegial and collaborative environment.




view open positions







 






our team's covid-19 response & other news


learn more about our team's ongoing covid-19 response and our other news related to our research and collaborations. with more than 35 faculty members, our work spans multiple disciplines and is immediately relevant to current biomedical, clinical. public and population health challenges. 




read more about our covid-19 response






 





 






our faculty


our faculty are known for their novel research and their accessibility to students and colleagues. we are committed to providing expansive experience and rigorous training in the competencies needed to succeed in academia, industry, or public service. 




meet our team







 






our research


our research integrates work from the genome to the community, all in the service of improving health and the quality of life for individuals, communities, and populations. 




learn about our research







 






institutes & affiliations


our faculty members are affiliated with institutes, centers, and consortia across the university, the region, and around the world. these collaborations advance research, underscore our commitment to community engagement, and provide opportunities for students and mentees. 




learn about our affiliations









save






 
welcome from the department chair

 



professor and chairman jonathan l. haines welcomes you to the department of population and quantitative health sciences.

read dr. haines' welcome message


 
graduate student north star award

 



we invite scholars from our partnering minority serving institution (msi) and historically black colleges and universities (hbcu) to join our community.

learn more


 
pqhs events
learn more about our programs by attending our upcoming events. see below!

check out our events




view our master's programs virtual open houses

button-block-blue-link












      request information about our graduate programs
    
















      donate 
    







 

 























© 2025 case western reserve university
10900 euclid ave. cleveland, ohio 44106

216.368.2000

legal notice | privacy policy

title ix notice of non-discrimination





department of population and quantitative health sciences
campus location:

        wolstein research building 2520
                  
          2103 cornell road
                
        cleveland,
        oh
        44106
      
mailing address:

        10900 euclid ave.
                
        cleveland,
        oh
        44106-7288
      

phone: 216.368.2000


site feedback







facebook


twitter


instagram


linkedin




cwru links


apply to cwru


give now


visit campus


university directory









































































