




apartments near usf | malibu apartments






















































                    home (current)




                    amenities 
                



                    community 
                



                    floor plans 
                



                    location 
                



                    contact 
                



                    apply now
                










                    apply now
                







                    (813) 988-8777
                







            modern, spacious usf student apartments
        

malibu apartments is a premier university of south florida off campus housing community offering contemporary apartments, luxurious amenities, and an unbeatable location.

schedule a tour





welcome to malibu! 
enjoy student living at its finest when you choose malibu apartments — the premier usf off campus community! conveniently located just 40 feet from the university of south florida’s campus, our tampa student apartments come fully furnished with modern appliances, stylish interior pieces, private bedrooms, and a plethora of exciting, student-focused amenities. make malibu your home! contact us today to schedule a tour of our usf apartments!
schedule a tour






upgraded amenities 







club game room
with air hockey, ping pong, pool, and a comfortable lounging area, our clubhouse game room is perfect for relaxing, socializing, and having fun. open 24/7, there’s always something to do in our community clubhouse!





fitness center
our on-site fitness center is fully equipped with cardio and aerobic equipment, strength training machines, free weights, benches, and everything you need to achieve your fitness goals. you’ll find it’s easy to stay active at malibu.





luxury pool
after a long week of classes, you can escape to malibu’s resort-style pool, the perfect space to relax, recharge, and soak up some florida sunshine. here, you’ll discover tanning chairs, a canopy lounge, and plenty of memorable moments. 





hammocks
kick back and unwind in one of our peaceful hammocks, the perfect amenity for when you feel like reading a book, enjoying some fresh air, or taking a well-earned power nap. think of it as your personal retreat.





mailroom
our community's climate-controlled mailroom ensures that your mail and packages are kept safe and secure, come rain or shine! with 24/7 mailroom access, you’re free to pick up your deliveries at your convenience. 





coffee bar
heading to an early morning class? stop by our community coffee bar for a freshly brewed, energizing cup of coffee. whether you’re on the go or deep in a study session, our coffee bar is here to keep you fueled.












move-in ready student apartments
each of our four-bedroom apartments comes fully furnished with stylish decor and modern appliances, allowing you to make the most of your college experience from the moment you arrive!

fully furnished
private bedrooms
en-suite bathrooms
private balconies
individual leases

view all floor plans






schedule your tour today
experience the malibu lifestyle firsthand by scheduling a tour with us today! our friendly and knowledgeable leasing team would be happy to show you around our charming community or answer any questions you may have. don’t wait — contact us today to take the first step toward your usf apartment!
let's get started














                    (813) 988-8777
                

                    leasing@malibuusf.com
                



                        11711 n. 50th street tampa, fl 33617
                    






















© 2025 malibu apartments all rights reserved.
powered by 
                

jumpem















call


apply now





