










southfield area chamber of commerce































































  





















skip to content




























 
the chamber join now frequently asked questions about us board of directors staff supporting members subscribe to news membership info contact usdirectoryevents & news events calendar signature events legislative news news job postings photo gallerymembers legend member – lawrence technological university diversity and inclusion sacc safe pledge member login young professionals committees sponsorship and advertising business resource library referral groups renew membership member dealsresources doing biz in sfld daily carryout, curbside pickup & delivery guide  restaurants & businesses! southfield ecdev real estate certificate of origin oakland county sba mbe certification wbenc certification score consumer complaints








 













welcome to the southfield area chamber








creating connections for your business
















join today!














chamber members submit an event or press release





















message from the southfield chamber









the southfield area chamber of commerce is a proud partner in the city of southfield and the business community. our purpose is to create connections that drive and strengthen businesses. the chamber frequently hosts social and educational events alike.  there is a continuous effort to offer recognition of our members in various published content through our newsletter, social media, as well as our website.  we offer several opportunities for members to connect and get connected to others that have proved beneficial to business and professional growth.  among such opportunities to connect are business referral groups and industry peer groups.
please feel free to call us directly to discuss the chamber, our purpose, and how we help you create connections with the southfield business community.
248.557.6661 | info@southfieldchamber.com





























































































the southfield area chamber of commerce had a successful 2024 year. our organization is dedicated to "creating connections" and providing resources for our members. we welcome new & future sacc members. i invite you to review our events calendar for committee and program updates. join us and become involved in our business community.
jasmine patton
executive director





















news & current events






chamber and partner events...














cbs news detroit 2024 chamber interview

















event photo gallery
















swinging for southfield annual golf outing 




















member messages


“ we continue to use our membership to expand the knowledge of our business.”linda heightlawrence technological university 

“i have been a member of numerous chambers in the past. however, the southfield area chamber of commerce is an active chamber that allows me to engage with other business professionals regularly.”alvin lynn iiioption insurance group llc 

“the advice that i would give a newer member of the chamber is to be consistent, diligent and help as many people as you can.”sidney crumleyphilar enterprises llc 

“being a member of the chamber has helped grow my business. i have gotten direct business from being a member, and the chamber events have introduced me to people and companies that have generated business for me as well.”michael jacobsoncadillac travel, inc 

“i love it when we have events at big businesses because the decision makers are usually right there. you have an opportunity to meet and network with them.”ruth aaronsonsigns by tomorrow 

“i’ve experienced immeasurable connections to people. as a result of volunteer activity, serving on planning committees, i’ve met other members who’ve become referral partners.  you get out what you put in and volunteering is a must!”ann reinmanpinnacle printing & promotions 

we encourage every business in southfield to join and support the chamber of commerce.  not only are they a great resource, but they are committed and passionate about growing your business through educational programs, networking, promotional support, exclusive discounts and a long list of other amazing benefits.  our agency has been a proud member for over 11 years and we value their support and commitment in the community.   we look forward to continuing our partnership with the southfield chamber for many more years to come! - cindy carr, the mars agency 

"we at irvine neuro rehabilitation are grateful and honored to be active members of the southfield area chamber of commerce.  the opportunities chamber membership affords us to make great business connections while supporting our vibrant community in and around southfield are invaluable.  tanya markos-vanno and her team bring great energy, vibrancy and enthusiasm to the chamber and all whom they serve.  keep up the great and important work!"  - michele marine, irvine head injury 

as a single-member small business owner, i can only accomplish so much in 24 hours. becoming a member of the southfield chamber has created the leverage i need in my business and more. although the events they host are always great networking opportunities, the real added value is in the intention they put into helping their members. they've taken time to meet with me on different occasions to discover my business goals and they have intentionally orchestrated opportunities for mutually beneficial partnerships with other businesses.tiffany yvonnethe dining clique 

“i have been a member of the chamber for two years now and it has been nothing short of extraordinary. as a business owner i have felt the support of the director jason and jasmine the media specialist. just knowing that they truly wanted to help my business move forward elevated my trust in them.  i highly recommend the chamber for all businesses because they will work hard to assist you.” shalynne barr, mba, cnc, cpt, cgfi 

"i have been active with the southfield chamber for many years. it`s been instrumental in helping me to build my network of business partners and customers. the chamber is large enough to provide plenty of opportunity, but small enough to offer personal attention. the chamber is led by professionals who are passionate about helping area organizations to grow and tackle business challenges. the membership is a great value to anyone who`s willing to invest the effort and take advantage of the opportunities provided by the chamber. " scott shyenterprise account executivewow! business 

greetings and salutations,a few words to thank jason blanks and the  southfield chamber for all of the hard and important work that they are doing during this unprecedented time. with no “playbook” to refer to the chamber has been a “lifeboat” of information and resources.thanks to the leadership of the southfield chamber of commerce there continues to be a light at the end of the tunnel and hope that we will get through this together!barry g phillipsregency manor banquet center 

i wanted to thank you and jasmine for hosting us on our zoom call to discuss mlive's $10 million dollar matching grant with the southfield chamber and its members. additional thanks for assisting us on setting on the zoom call.  steven proctor, mlive  account executive 












welcome new 
chamber members!






august 2024
 
sam's club 
great lakes women's business council
tim hortons 
williams eye speciality clinic 
 











contact us: 248.557.6661  |  info@southfieldchamber.com
visit our calendar of events











why join your local chamber?











source: american business magazine 2013 
let's face it...our schedules are hectic enough. why should business leaders join and actively participate in their local chamber of commerce? we think this article is spot on!











 
eat to the beat summer series 


 
state of the city 


 
hospitality committee 


 
business development series 


 
annual golf outing 






































































ready to find out more?
schedule an appointment to see how the southfield area chamber of commerce can benefit and support your business.






schedule an appt





















 












© 2025 southfield area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!


















248.557.6661 














20300 civic center dr., suite 1102southfield, mi 48076 














info@southfieldchamber.com 










membership benefits











login
directory
committees
referral groups
member deals
news









resources











job postings
doing business in southfield
certificate of origins
real estate
recruitment assistance
oakland county one stop 









socialize








































































© 2017 southfield area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.









 
scroll to top















