jacoyaki!»jacoyaki!
    cosplay tumblr!blog for jac, who occasionally performed as jac productions.

cosplays:alice in wonderland, bleach, death note, digimon, fashion (lolita), ffvii: advent children, food ninja clan, fullmetal alchemist, guilty gear, katekyo! hitman reborn, loveless, melancholy of haruhi suzumiya, naruto, ouran high school host club, pokemon, prince of tennis, samurai champloo, star trek, yu-gi-oh!return?archivemessageabout jaccosplaysfaqcool stuff© themeanonymous sent: heyy!!!!! i used to watch your old skits way back in the day. i just went back on to youtube to rewatch them again, but cup of ramen isn't there anymore!!! please, is it on any other sites, or can you send it to me or something because that video was the shit for me and my friends back in the olden days of our bad naruto geek stages. i am now a full grown adult and i am about to cry because its gone!!video is here! http://jac-productions.com/post/48316308126/nostalgia-time-re-uploading-our-very-firstwe reuploaded it to our site when the audio/video got taken down due to the last song probably doing some sort of copyright issue. please don’t cry! on the internet nothing ever gets deleted :)posted 9 years ago, with 5 notes | rebloganonymous sent: dear jac, i remember watching your youtube videos back in '06-'07, i really missed those skits mostly because there were not that many anyways. you should've made more skits...:) we made a few more but skits sure took a lot of time and creativity to put together. i think we sort of burned ourselves out trying to coordinate and come up with ideas, but we’re still happy with the skits that we did do!posted 10 years ago, with 1 note | reblogk13kime sent: do the retired members still cosplay? sometimes! chisainekocat joins us on occasion– she was just in our last star trek/doctor who skit as the redshirt! and when kc3t made a tf2 scout a few years ago. they do what they please :)posted 10 years ago, with 4 notes | rebloganonymous sent: hey you guys! i just wanted to say how much i miss your videos and i was actually wanting to know if you guys would be going to anime matsuri next year here in houston. hello! sorry late response(?) the new inbox feature isn’t as obvious as it used to be hahaa few of us are going…i know for sure that mintyhoney will be doing the maid cafe this year! right now we’re all focused on pax south in january tho hohohohohowe’ll post when we know who’s going!posted 10 years ago, with 2 notes | rebloghanitastic sent: hi! omg i'm so glad i stumbled on you tumblr. you guys probably get this message a lot, but i've been a big fan since 2006-ish. you guys were one of the reasons why i got into cosplaying. i remember staying up with my best friend just to watch your skits and laugh. so, thank you! i'm hella glad you guys are still active and around! i hope you guys are doing well♥♥♥thanks for dropping in!! yeah we’re doing pretty good :) right now not con season but we have things like renfest and disney world and halloween/oni-con? to prepare for! it’s still a busy month!-tkposted 10 years ago | rebloganonymous sent: hi! i just wanted to say that i love you guys a lot, and i remember laughing at your final dance fantasy many times 7/8 years ago c: i just wanted to ask, how are you guys doing now? and like what do you do? do you still film skits from time to time or are you just living a normal life now? (like i understand you guys still do skits but like, do you ust make skits and yanno, live a 'normal' life?) btw ily guys a lot c: ~mklhahaha, yeah, final dance fantasy was back in 2006…how time has flown @_@i think we’re all doing pretty good! we stopped doing skits early on because a lot of us were busy with school/starting college and it was just harder to collaborate. so we just focused on cosplay instead and stepped off the stage. we do get inspiration sometimes though and do a skit on occasion ;)as for a “normal” life…depends on what you find normal, heh heh. i guess we all work (all of us are out of school by now!), buy groceries, pay taxes…but we still get together and chill, play video games, watch anime, and work on cosplay and go to cons all the time!-tkposted 10 years ago, with 3 notes | rebloganonymous sent: hey, just wanna thank you for the memories. i remembered watching you guys 6-7 years old with my siblings, your skits are still the best among others. seeing how the naruto series are currently in, darn.. i feel old. thanks a lot. btw, your star trek skit are awesome. aw thanks! looking back at the start of naruto…yeah…we all feel a bit old, heheheheh.(sorry we didn’t see this earlier, but really appreciate that you watched our latest skit *a*)posted 10 years ago | reblogpiesexualdean sent: did you film any of the other preformances?cosplaywithmestudios:jacoyaki:ah, no, sorry we had our friend hunker down to catch our skit, i didn’t ask her to film any other ones d:buuuut i do think that cosplaywithmestudios did! he was sitting up front filming everything, he may have it!hiya! what performances are we talking about here? sorry, i can’t seem to find the original post referenced.@piesexualdean is looking for her group’s skit, the one with the fem-avengers (thor, captain america, hulk)hey if you post our star trek/dw skit too that’ll be cool because we like to see it from other angles too xdposted 10 years ago, with 4 notes | reblogpiesexualdean sent: did you film any of the other preformances?ah, no, sorry we had our friend hunker down to catch our skit, i didn’t ask her to film any other ones d:buuuut i do think that cosplaywithmestudios did! he was sitting up front filming everything, he may have it!posted 10 years ago, with 4 notes | reblog playsstar trek: the attack of the cyber-gorn! - at comicpalooza 2014written and performed by jac productions (fb | tblr) and paro paro inc. (fb | tmblr). filmed by kimmistrythanks to all group members for contributing for voices, performance, and skit backdrops! also thank you for all the audience members who came to see us, we received 1st place in the contest for performance, and you guys cheered us on!posted 10 years ago, with 68 notes | reblogdarkblubberhoodrises-deactivate sent: i've been a fan of you guys since 2006 and finally finding you again has brightened my day. :)aw, glad you found us again! it’s always fun to look back and get nostalgic 8d it’s nearly been 10 years…so sorry if i’m responding late to this message, i don’t think we get the notifications consistently…posted 10 years ago | reblogpiesexualdean sent: hello! i was behind you in the cosplay line up. i was a female captain america! i just wanted to tell you once again you all did an amazing job! you definitely deserved first place! if you were need an extra for a cosplay group in the future, im almost always open! i sew most of my own costumes and im kind of adorable. again, you did a fab job! cant wait to see you at the next con!hiii! yes you are all kinds of adorable, thank you for cheering us on :d
we really liked y'all’s performance too (dat hulk smash!) hopefully we’ll run into you at other cons!posted 10 years ago | reblog we entered the cosplay contest at comicpalooza this year and won 1st place in performance! look at that highfive!we’ll post a video soon :) thanks to randall pugh taking these celebration photos!posted 10 years ago, with 31 notes | rebloganonymous sent: just recently rewatched some of your early stuff. thanks for the great memories~thanks anon~hopefully you got to watch some of our recent stuff too ;)posted 10 years ago, with 1 note | rebloga-house-of-many-things sent: hey! i was a fan of your group back in middle school and my boyfriend and i were talking about naruto stuff the other night and we thought about you! best wishes! -nimbythanks nimby! :d always glad to be a good memory of others after all these years~posted 10 years ago, with 1 note | reblog
