     new and used chevrolet buick gmc dealer grand forks, nd | rydell chevrolet buick gmc                               
  

                                                            rydell chevrolet buick gmc             sales 701-620-2024    service 701-712-9609  parts 701-712-9624  body shop 701-786-6030   2700 south washington streetgrand forks, nd 58201                                                    service        map        contact                           rydell chevrolet buick gmc                 call 701-620-2024   directions                      new   all new inventory   new chevrolet   new buick   new gmc   chevy work trucks   gmc work trucks   pre-order your next new vehicle   business elite   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     used   all used inventory   learn about nice care   certified pre-owned     sell/trade   rydell delivers   specials   specials   new chevrolet offers   new buick offers   new gmc offers   used car offers   service & parts offers   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   service department   oil change   schedule your service   buick accessories   chevrolet accessories   gmc accessories   tire finder   detail center   body shop   rydell car wash   order parts   order parts online   collision & body shop     finance   finance department   get financing   chevrolet protection     about   about us   career opportunities   our community involvement   our charity event car & bike show     contact   contact   hours & directions   chevy accessibility                      home   new   all new inventory   new chevrolet   new buick   new gmc   chevy work trucks   gmc work trucks   pre-order your next new vehicle   business elite   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     used   all used inventory   learn about nice care   certified pre-owned     sell/trade   rydell delivers   specials   specials   new chevrolet offers   new buick offers   new gmc offers   used car offers   service & parts offers   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   service department   oil change   schedule your service   buick accessories   chevrolet accessories   gmc accessories   tire finder   detail center   body shop   rydell car wash   order parts   order parts online   collision & body shop     finance   finance department   get financing   chevrolet protection     about   about us   career opportunities   our community involvement   our charity event car & bike show     contact   contact   hours & directions   chevy accessibility               



click here to get an oil change with rydell virtual wait!




                                 important information                   important information                   important information                   important information                                                                      











inventory
more



inventory
search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         













service
more



schedule service
 schedule now





service
our service technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle.



service



schedule



specials











      search new inventory     search used inventory        



view our lineup



chevrolet

|

buick

|

gmc









malibu





camaro





corvette





trax





equinox





trailblazer





blazer





traverse





tahoe





suburban





colorado





silverado 1500





silverado 2500hd





silverado 3500hd





express











encore





encore gx





envision





enclave





envista









canyon





sierra 1500





sierra 2500hd





sierra 3500hd





hummer





terrain





acadia





yukon





savana passenger





savana cargo





savana cutaway







     









value your trade












special offers












financing




     

silverado 1500
when you combine a century of truck building know-how with 7 million miles of testing, you don’t just get any old truck. you get one that’s bigger, stronger and lighter than the previous generation. one that offers you more choices so you can get the capability you need. one that’s built on the legacy of the most dependable, longest-lasting full-sized pickups on the road. you get a silverado.
shop now


             

welcome to rydell chevrolet buick gmc
there are many reasons to buy from rydell. after being in the business in grand forks, nd for over 60 years, we have been blessed with a great staff that has literally hundreds of years of automotive experience and understands what it takes to create loyal customers. at rydell, you can't buy the wrong vehicle.

                                          
more about us





reputation matters: rydell brand promises
we know buying a vehicle is an important decision, and that's why our staff is so important to us. they bring literally hundreds of years of experience in the automotive industry to every transaction. we are so confident in our ability to serve you that we make these seven brand promises to you and ourselves:
one low price
since wes took over in 1976 he introduced his one low price, no hassle, no haggle philosophy that we still use today. we always establish our lowest price for each vehicle, and it doesn't matter how old you are, what your credit score is, or how much your trade may be worth. there's no need to negotiate, our prices are listed right on the vehicles, and there's no separate pricing for internet sales either. at rydell you won't have to wonder if you got the best deal — you'll drive off our lot knowing you did.
no pressure sales
we want you to have a relaxed and comfortable shopping experience at rydell. that's why we take a consultative sales approach where our team will get to know you and what you are looking for in a car, truck, or suv. there aren't any high-pressure tactics used by our sales team because they get paid based on how satisfied you are, not based on how much the vehicle sells for or which vehicle you purchase.
this customer-friendly approach allows us to understand your wants and needs. armed with this knowledge, we then bring you a full complement of vehicles to choose from, allowing you to make an informed decision. we won't haggle, because we can't. you're already getting our best deal.
real cash value for your trade
at rydell, we sell more used vehicles than anyone else in the region. because of our volume, you get top dollar for your trade. our online trade-in calculator uses kelley blue book to compute what your trade is worth.
our interactive trade-in process is based on the actual value of your vehicle. we provide you all the documentation you need to understand the real cash value of your trade. it doesn't depend on which vehicle you buy. in fact, we will buy your vehicle for that price even if you don't buy a vehicle from us.
superior selection
we are constantly bringing in new inventory, from both the manufacturers and through trades. there are hundreds of vehicles to choose from at any given time, which means you are far more likely to find the perfect vehicle at rydell than at any other dealership in the region.
our pricing policy isn't the only transparent part of our approach. all of our pre-owned vehicles have undergone various levels of reconditioning before hitting our lot, and we are happy to share with you what we've done, and not done, as the case may be.
competitive financing
our goal is to retain you as a customer for life, and to do that we've created a financial services process that gives you the most value today and for your future financial well-being. we work with many local and national lenders to find you the best loan possible. neither your credit history nor who you choose to borrow from will affect your vehicle's price.
money-back guarantee
buying a new car, truck, or suv is a big decision, and occasionally people make mistakes. that's okay at rydell. that's why we offer a seven-day money-back guarantee on all of our new and pre-owned vehicles. simply bring the vehicle back in the same condition it was when you purchased it, and we'll give you your money back, no questions asked.
we also offer 30-day exchange on most of our pre-owned vehicles. if you're not satisfied with your purchase, simply bring the vehicle back and you'll get the full purchase price applied toward any vehicle on our lot.
most pre-owned vehicles at rydell come with a 3,000-mile, three-month drivetrain warranty, so you can buy with confidence. rydell also offers nice care wear and tear package on gm certified and select nice care package vehicles. your coverage lasts 12 months or 12,000 miles and covers tires, brakes, batteries, bulbs, belts, hoses, spark plugs, and windshield wiper blades. if you have a problem with any of these simply bring your vehicle to our service department and we'll fix them for free.
service you can count on
we apply the pdq philosophy of prompt, dependable quality to every service interaction. our team of certified professionals is here when you want or need them, including weekends. we've extended our service hours and in addition to our award-winning full-service facility, we have our quick lube service for all of your regular factory recommended maintenance needs.
the rydell difference
our philosophy and our people make us different from other dealerships. if you're ready to experience the rydell difference, come visit our showroom or contact us today. one of our friendly sales professionals will be happy to discuss what your needs are and help you find the perfect vehicle to make you happy today, and for a lifetime.
rydell now delivers!
as apart of our mission to always offer new services to our customers, we've introduced the rydell delivers program. now you can browse our inventory, apply for credit, get an instant lender decision, and schedule your car delivery - all without leaving your home! take advantage of our new car buying experience and buy your new or used car with ease today.




          


sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    

     

rydell chevrolet buick gmc: customer-focused for over 60 years
when you're ready for a car buying experience focused on trust, transparency, and knowledge, come visit rydell chevrolet buick gmc in grand forks, north dakota. we've been serving the grand forks area, including fargo, grafton, devils lake, hillsboro, and crookston, for over 60 years, and we know cars.


our values
leonard rydell started rydell chevrolet buick gmc in 1954. in 1976, wes rydell, leonard's son, took over the business. father and son worked together to establish a set of consistent, customer-focused values, including the best price guarantee. wes established the practice of posting the best price on each vehicle to take the discomfort and hassle of negotiation out of car shopping. customers can be sure the vehicle they purchase from rydell chevrolet buick gmc has the absolute best possible price.
the staff at rydell chevrolet buick gmc wanted to take the pain out of the car purchasing process because we know how overwhelming it can be. that's why we have the innovative rydell delivers program. we'll bring the car buying experience to you at your home. tell us which vehicle you're interested in, or let our qualified staff select one for you based on your needs. after providing information about trade-ins and financing, we'll set up a convenient time to bring your car to you for a test drive and to sign paperwork
we know chevy
leonard rydell's dealership has always sold chevrolets. as the dealership and auto group grew over the years to include other brands, leonard and wes made sure their staff learned everything they could about the makes and models sold at rydell chevrolet buick gmc. whether you're looking for a work truck like the silverado or sierra, an suv like the equinox for the family, or a sedan like the malibu or envision, our staff can help ensure you're in the right new or used vehicle to meet your needs.
not only do we sell new and used chevrolets, buicks, and gmcs, but we also provide top-notch service and maintenance at our dealership's service center. conveniently schedule your vehicle maintenance in advance using our online scheduling feature or drop by for immediate service. we'll be happy to keep your vehicle in stellar working condition on your schedule.
service and community
rydell chevrolet buick gmc has been a member of the grand forks community since the early 1950s. we're dedicated to giving back to a community that has continually supported us. every year, rydell hosts the rydell car and bike show, in which we donate all proceeds to a charity selected by the rydell staff along with up to $40,000 of matching funds provided by the rydell auto group.
we also participate in the wheels for work program, the little red reading bus initiative, and the rydell safe kids partnership. all of these programs support people in the local community, and we're proud to be a part of these organizations.
the staff at rydell chevrolet buick gmc is committed to providing you with a comfortable car buying experience that focuses on communication and integrity. we look forward to serving old and new customers in the grand forks area.



                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | rydell chevrolet buick gmc | 2700 south washington street, grand forks, nd 58201 | sales: 701-620-2024              






























                                 