




 

gennita low | an exciting new author in romantic suspense






































































home
about

reviews
faqs
printable book list


books

anthologies
cos-commando series
crossfire series
sex, lies and spies series
super soldier spy
the shadowy assassins series


gems
contact

privacy policy


 

 
 




















latest books



virtually one

            			  				                  preorder on itunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/virtually-one/id1150755062... 				                                        
read more









warrior

            			  				                  three best friends–everyone on the seal team called them the stooges. a little wild, a bit crazy, always fun to watch. and deadly... 				                                        
read more









her secret pirate

            			  				                  rebecca powers, aid to her ambassador father, was on board a food aid ship to promote the new international treaty when pirates struck.... 				                                        
read more









the pawn

            			  				                  a sex spies and lies serial episode this episode features a male/male romance and can be read as a standalone. svenni, master thief... 				                                        
read more


 

all things glow







16 april 2014

comcen

            			  				                  they call me command or center. my programmer, the mentor, has taught me to be more than a... 				                                        
read more








15 april 2014

roofer author

            			  				                  check out gennita’s roofer author blog here... 				                                        
read more








14 april 2014

news and updates

            			  				                  all things glow news and events! romance junkies review – check out sleeping with the agent review interview... 				                                        
read more








13 april 2014

shoutout!

            			  				                  got questions and suggestions about the glow world? here’s a way to say hi and also talk to... 				                                        
read more


 







about me gennita low writes sexy military and techno spy-fi romance. she also co-owns a roof construction business and knows 600 ways to kill with roofing tools as well as yell at her workers in five languages. a three-time golden heart finalist, her first book, into danger, about a seal out-of-water, won the romantic times reviewers choice award for best romantic intrigue. besides her love for seals, she works with an airborne ranger who taught her all about mental toughness and physical endurance. gennita lives in florida with her mutant poms and one chubby squirrel.
read more
awards and accolades "...gennita low will wow readers with this intensely sensual and suspenseful first tale..." romantic times april top pick -- gold phenomenal



3 time rwa golden heart finalist

4 and 1/2 stars top pick!
- romantic times

into danger: romantic times 2003 best romantic intrigue
follow gennita




								 
									facebook															




								 
									twitter															


newsletter signup 

 

















 





gennita low is proudly powered by wordpress entries (rss) and comments (rss)




top

















