































    <![endif]-->

    







fullerton college fine arts division








college portal:



home page 
academic programs
administration
admissions & records
class schedule
calendars
student services
prospective students
current students
friends & visitors
faculty & staff 



fullerton community college
321 e. chapman avenue
                fullerton, ca 92832
 (714) 992-7000
 contact form






















art
music
theatre arts
fine arts division
fullerton college





















home 
programs and courses


introduction

about us
where to start
scholarships




facilities

community usage information




areas of study

artmusictheatre arts 



 educational outcomes


associate degreescertificates




events

calendar

annual jazz festival
annual theatre festival



connect

dean of fine arts
contact us

box office
faculty
news
social

facebook
instagram
youtube



fine arts departments

art
music
theatre arts
division of fine arts


fullerton college home












contact us




fullerton college fine arts division
321 east chapman ave
                                            room 1115
                                            fullerton, ca 92832

 714-992-7034
  finearts@fullcoll.edu
















fullerton college art gallery
the fullerton college art gallery attracts the finest professional artists, encourages great student art exhibitions, and maintains an extraordinary permanent art collection.






explore our course offerings
acting, directing and technical... we offer courses for all interests...






our collection our permanent bliss
the fullerton college art department is indeed very proud to be in the possession of a very fine and envied collection






explore the digital arts
learn digital-based software applications combined with digital drawing tablets and touch sensitive digital monitors.















explore the fine arts division at fullerton college









art department
1,200 art majors and over 2,500 students per semester study one or more of 50 classes in art history, advertising and graphic design, cartooning, ceramics, digital arts, drawing, jewelry, gallery operations, painting, sculpture, stained glass, and two and three dimensional design. a full gallery exhibition schedule is anchored by an artist in residence program that brings working professionals to the campus to conduct demonstration workshops, clinics, and talks for our students. 
visit








music department
875 majors and over 4,000 students per semester study one or more of 80 classes in music appreciation, music history, music theory, applied music, commercial music, piano pedagogy, sound recording, and/one or more of 25 performance groups. the music department maintains a special transfer agreement to the berklee school of music in boston.
visit








theatre arts department
over 200 majors and 800 students per semester study one or more of 35 classes offered in theatre appreciation, acting, costuming, directing, lighting, makeup, scene painting, stagecraft, stage management, and one or more theatrical production classes. the theatre department sponsors a playwrights festival, a directors festival, a musical theatre conservatory, and the largest high school theatre festival in the western united states. 
visit







areas of study












art2d design
an initial starting point for gaining an understanding of the basic principles and elements that apply to any field within art or design.














theatre artsacting, performance and musical theatre
each season of plays provides a wide variety of roles and production post experiences for theatre students.  high production values, current state of the art technologies, and a wide spectrum of very challenging styles and subject matter make the performance venues excellent laboratories for student exploration and growth.














artadvertising & graphic design
instruction in advertising design, design history, graphic design, packaging, production techniques, publication design, and typography.














musicapplied program
the applied music program provides students the opportunity to study privately with fullerton college music faculty in their particular applied music discipline. students receive one-on-one instruction and are expected to perform in a recital situation each semester. 














artart business & museum studies
gain a greater understanding of how business works to the benefit of the artist.














artart history
the study of objects of art in their historical development and stylistic contexts, i.e. genre, design, format, and style.














artceramics
taking mixtures of clay, earthen elements, powders, and water and shaping them into desired form.














musicchoral studies
under the direction of professor nicola bertoni, the fullerton college choral studies program has garnered a national reputation for excellence in performance and the training of future music educators throughout the state. 














artdigital arts
3d, animation, video, photography, multimedia, painting, illustration and design.














theatre artsdirecting and playwriting
few community colleges offer students opportunities to study directing and playwrighting in their first two years of undergraduate study.   students follow the classwork they successfully complete with opportunities to compete for assignments in the playwrights festival and the directors festival. 














artdrawing & painting
learn the practice of rendering form through direct observation entails a process of retraining the eye to see in new and exciting ways.














artgeneral education
coursework in both major and minor art














theatre artsgeneral education
for both the non-major and the major alike, the theatre arts general education courses meet university transfer requirements and allow the student to build a strong foundation of introductory knowledge to the many facets of theatre-making and theatre-study. 














musicgeneral education
for both the non-major and the major alike, the music general education courses meet university transfer requirements and allow the student to build a strong foundation of introductory knowledge to the many facets of music-making and music-study. 














musicguitar studies
the guitar studies program at fullerton college offers opportunities for everyone from the beginner who wants to learn the basics to the more advanced player who wants to further their skills and knowledge.














artillustration & cartooning
an established visual communication field that supplies artists to many different areas of commercial art.














musicinstrumental music
the instrumental music program offers a wide variety of ensembles in various styles for student performance. students in these ensembles benefit from the direction of our nationally and internationally recognized faculty while also developing critical performance skills required at four-year institutions. 














musicjazz studies
the jazz studies at fullerton college is coordinated by professor bruce babad (instrumental) and professor jamie shew (vocal).we offer many courses and ensembles for instrumentalists and vocalists within the program to study and perform songs from the vast, rich tradition and evolution of jazz music.  














artjewelry & stained glass
casting and fabrication, exploring metal techniques used with precision processed metal or the processes using molten metal.














musicmusic technology
fullerton college is on the forefront of teaching the latest tools of the trade and offer classes in electronic music production, film scoring, recording using pro tools, logic pro x and ableton live. third party certifications are available for pro tools and logic pro x.














musicpiano studies
the piano studies program, led by dr. monica lee and jeremy siskind, provides opportunities for students of all levels to further their knowledge, technique, and love of music.














artprintmaking
explore a variety of non-toxic print disciplines such as water-based screen printing, solar plate etching, digital imaging, and woodblock printing.














theatre artsproduction and design
fullerton college offers an extensive array of courses in theatre production and design, professional training certificates, and access to the latest technologies and practices used in the entertainment industry.   














artsculpture & 3d
focusing on modeling, casting and mold-making














musictheory and composition
music theory courses train the music student into becoming a literate musician. one learns to apply music symbols, and conventions, to the writing, hearing and singing of music. 














musicvocal music
offering coursework in vocal studies.












choose a path and get your career in the arts started right here at fullerton college









associate degree
choose this pathway to transfer to a university art program.
learn more








certificate program
choose this pathway for professional training for creative industry jobs.
learn more
























the fine arts division at fullerton college




fine arts offices:
321 east chapman ave
                                        room 1115
fullerton, ca92832


 714-992-7034
  finearts@fullcoll.edu



dean of fine arts
                                       grant linsell
                                       room 1115

714-992-7035
 glinsell@fullcoll.edu 


















be social with us






subscribe to our newsletter






art gallerymusictheatre arts 














subscribe











                            © 2025 division of fine arts, fullerton collegeand thenorth orange county community college district
321 e. chapman avenue, fullerton california 92832
disclaimer·  accreditation information














