


historic schoolhouses - friends of gillespie county country schools


















































home
donate
contact us

  call : 830-685-3321 






















  

  

  















 
the friends of gillespie county country schools  









 toggle navigation main menu  



  
  about

 how you can help

 make a donation 
 become a member 
 be a supporter 
 endowment supporter 
 email signup 
 like us on facebook 


 events calendar 
 souvenir store 
 officers & committees 
 who are the friends 
 mission statement 
 plaque dedication 
 history

 friends history 
 trail history 
 school history 





 schools

 open house events 
 driving directions 
 rent a school 

 school history 
 schools directory

 cave creek 
 cherry spring 
 crabapple 
 lower south grape creek 
 luckenbach 
 meusebach creek 
 nebgen 
 pecan creek 
 rheingold 
 williams creek (albert) 
 willow city 
 wrede 


 other schools

 cherry mountain 
 grapetown 
 junction 
 white oak 


 historic churches

 christ lutheran church at cherry spring 
 st. john lutheran church at crabapple 
 st. paul lutheran church at cave creek 
 trinity lutheran church stonewall 

 fredericksburg & gillespie county genealogy cemetery 



  travel

 driving trail brochure 
 cycle trail map 
 driving directions 
 rent a school 
 trip planner 
 bed & breakfast 


  more

chalkboard notes newsletter
cycle trail map
driving trail brochure
facebook
links
press releases & articles
school curtain album
you tube
























preservation of one-room schoolhouses
            historic places in fredericksburg texas








our   2025  open  houses  
mark your calendars. visit our events calendar for our 2025 scheduled open houses.. we invite you to check out the rest of our website to learn more about the friends of gillespie county country schools.
click here for more information.








to  all  our  supporters
the friends of gillespie county country schools and community centers express a sincere thank you to all who came, participated, and contributed in any way to make our 2024 annual fundraiser event successful. proceeds fund improvement and restoration of the historic schools.
our supporters





tour   the   driving  trails
always open!! even when our schools are not open, you can still enjoy seeing them by taking advantage of our driving trail. walk the grounds, take pictures, enjoy nature. click on the button to plan your drive.
driving trail directions
  







ride   the   friends  cycle  trails
the full 120+ mile trail (in 4 quadrants) takes you to 17 historic schools dating from 1847 - 1936. click on the button for our brochure and map.
cycle trail map
  




endowment  in  perpetuity
the endowment in perpetuity means support forever to achieve friends' mission: "preserving the past to enrich the future". join us to continue the job we began in 1999-save the schools!
endowment gift





   
































events calendar
click here to visit our events calendar to view our open house schedule and other activities. 







souvenir store
click here to visit our souvenir store to purchase a souvenir as a rememberance of the friends. 







make a donation
click here to make a tax-deductible donation in support of the friends ongoing work to preserve the country schools. 







rent or tour a school
click here to rent or tour a school. all schools are available for private functions, weddings,  other social activities, and group tours. 

























visit our 12 historic country school properties web pages 





cave creek



cherry spring



crabapple



lower south grape creek



luckenbach



meusebach creek



nebgen



pecan creek



rheingold



williams creek (albert)



willow city



wrede








 

 

 














"in the heart of the texas hill country"



visit fredericksburg texas 

  visit fredericksburg, texas, the official visitor information website for fredericksburg and gillespie county in the texas hill country. you can find lodging locations, including hotels, motels, bed & breakfasts, cabins, guest houses, rv parks, and camping. https://www.visitfredericksburgtx.com/lodging/
  fredericksburg chamber of commerce - city information including fredericksburg convention and visitors bureau and gillespie county economic development commission. 
  fredericksburg, tx - official website.  
  fredericksburg food & wine fest in downtown fredericksburg, texas, is a full-course celebration of texas food and wines. 





 the texas hill country is a 25-county region of central texas and south texas. it includes the second largest granite dome in the united states, enchanted rock. the hill country reaches into portions of the two major metropolitan areas, san antonio and austin. (excerpt from wikipedia) 
  
  
  
  

















   our team of volunteers   
since 2000, our team of volunteers, former students and teachers, along with others who are interested in preserving the one-room schoolhouses, have been working many hours together in developing and refining our mission of "preserving the past to enrich the future".

                if you are interested in becoming a volunteer and joining us in our restoration efforts, call us at 830-685-3321 or click the button below to request information.
 contact us



















help us grow!
we have many ways for you to join us in our work of
                "preserving the past to enrich the future."
 visit our contact us page to phone or email us.

volunteer to help us grow
  
 join our volunteers in donating your time to further our work in preserving the rich history of one-room schools.
become a member-at-large
  
by becoming a member-at-large, you will be supporting our work in preserving the schools through your tax-deductible donation. click here to sign up today.
like us on facebook
  
our facebook page has all the latest up-to-date announcements, interesting school information, and more. click on the "like" button to get connected.



join our e-mail list
  
by joining our e-mail list, you will receive three to four emails per year. select "join e-mail list" from our contact form.
buy a souvenir
  
we have many souvenirs for purchase with the proceeds contributing to the preservation and maintenance of the schools. visit our souvenir page to make your purchase through paypal.
have a question? call or e-mail us!
  
we look forward to hearing from you. contact us by mail, phone, or e-mail with your questions or inquiries.
















footer.lbi
get in touch!




who are the friends
 the friends of gillespie county country schools are former students of the closed schools and supportive members of the community, interested in preserving the traditions of the schools, the community clubs, and the history of gillespie county for future generations. the friends operates as a 501(c)3.




connect with us on youtube

    
    




helpful links

 home
 make a donation
 events calendar
 become a member
 contact us today!
 sitemap
 privacy policy




contact info
 mailing address:
      p. o. box 55
      fredericksburg, tx 78624
 phone number:
830-685-3321
 e-mail:
info@historicschools.org












© 2006, the friends of gillespie county country schools, inc.
  design by: website solutions company.

 





  
  
   








