























boys & girls club springfield mo | boys & girls club of springfield
























skip to main content














registration for the school year is now open!







                                                                                    
                                                                                locations
                                    



                                                                                    
                                                                                news
                                    



                                                                                    
                                                                                events
                                    



                                                                                    
                                                                                members
                                    



















membership

                                    membership
                                



school year


summer camp




sports leagues





programs

                                    programs
                                



character & leadership


sports & recreation


the arts


health & wellness


education


reach- workforce readiness


mental health





about us

                                    about us
                                



our board


our kids


our impact


our history


our commitment to safety





get involved

                                    get involved
                                



teen center


volunteer


donate


join


sponsor


careers










                                donate
                            
























search

search















making a difference in our community

                        great futures start here
                    
imagine a place where the circumstances that surround you don’t determine your access to opportunities. boys & girls clubs are making that vision a reality—in our community and communities around the world.




                                            register
                                        



                                            make a donation
                                        
























stay connected anywhere.
are you a club member or guardian? we’re here to keep you up to date with the latest online resources. 

view resources








be part of our community.
your free time is important, but you can make it invaluable. lend an ear, a shoulder, a helping hand—and you could change a life. 

volunteer








invest in great futures.
a hot meal, a caring mentor, a safe place to go after school. make a gift today, and invest in great futures for springfield's youth.









view our commitment to safety.
the safety of youth is our number one priority. see how we work every day to create a safe, inclusive and fun environment.

view policies















our mission



                we're committed to enabling all young people, especially those who need us most, to reach their full potential as productive, caring, responsible citizens.
            


non discrimination policy















                                there's no place like the club
                            
every kid deserves a place: a place to feel safe. a place to feel connected. a place to belong. we offer a safe place for out-of-school time at seven club locations serving several springfield-area schools.





                                    view our locations
                                









                                where fun has a purpose
                            
we offer a broad range of programs in six core program areas: sports & recreation, education, the arts, health & wellness, workforce readiness, character & leadership.





                                    view our programs
                                









                                our latest project
                            
the risdal family center for great futures will be a state-of-the-art, dedicated after-school space for middle and high school aged youth.





                                    learn more
                                





























                                                    "some kids, like myself, don’t have people in our life outside the club to rely on. it feels amazing to not be alone. they welcome anyone with any kind of challenges they might be facing. at henderson, you feel safe and like you can be yourself without being judged or laughed at."
                                                
anonymous henderson unit member























                                                    “i cannot say enough about this program! we are more than blessed to partner with bgc and to have them in our building as a part of our school family. the service they provide for families is affordable, top-notch and for a lot of our students—a saving grace.”
                                                
crystal magers, sps, executive director - academics























                                                    “growing up in the boys & girls club, i always felt genuinely supported. i always had a safe place to hang out after school and plenty of homework help when i needed it.”
                                                
teran harris, boys & girls clubs of springfield alumni
















                        latest news and updates
                    





                        view all
                    


















view article






                                                news & updates
                                            

                                            celebrating national mentoring month
                                        










view article






                                                news & updates
                                            

                                            empowering academic success with panda cares foundation's support
                                        










view article






                                                news & updates
                                            

                                            "the challenge" 2024 newsletter
                                        










view article






                                                news & updates
                                            

                                            new partnership with telcomm credit union
                                        










view article






                                                member spotlights
                                            

                                            nic's youth of the year journey
                                        










view article






                                                news & updates
                                            

                                            teen center groundbreaking
                                        










view article






                                                news & updates
                                            

                                            caring mentors are making a difference
                                        










view article






                                                member spotlights
                                            

                                            how mentoring is making a big difference in little lives
                                        


































                    help us ensure great futures
                

donate now









sponsors

we are thankful for our sponsors!













                        locations
                    






                                            henderson unit
                                        
                                        835 w. calhoun
springfield, mo 65802
*this location is a community feeding site.
                                    

                                        (417) 869-4111
                                    







                                            musgrave unit
                                        
                                        720 s. park 
springfield, mo 65802
*this location is a community feeding site.
                                    

                                        (417) 869-8211
                                    







                                            stalnaker unit
                                        
                                        1410 n. fremont 
springfield, mo 65802
*this location is a community feeding site.
                                    

                                        (417) 865-2821
                                    







                                            sertoma unit
                                        
                                        2524 s. golden
springfield, mo 65807
sherwood elementary school
                                    

                                        (417) 523-3880
                                    







                                            fremont unit
                                        
                                        2814 n. fremont
springfield, mo 65803
fremont elementary school
                                    

                                        (417) 865-1073
                                    







                                            o'reilly unit
                                        
                                        2205 w. kearney, st.
springfield, mo 65803
williams elementary school
                                    

                                        (417) 523-2066
                                    







                                            admin office
                                        
                                        1410 n. fremont ave. 
springfield, mo 65802
                                    

                                        417-862-9249
                                    






                        hours
                    



                                    stalnaker unit, henderson unit, & musgrave unit
                                
                                weekdays, 2:30-7:30 
closed weekends
                            


                                    fremont unit, & o'reilly unit
                                
                                weekdays, 6:30-8:15 am and 3:10-6:30 pm
closed weekends
                            


                                    admin office
                                
                                weekdays, 8:30 am- 4:30 pm
closed weekends
                            


                                    sertoma unit
                                
                                weekdays, 2:20-6:30 pm closed weekends
                            
















contact us

























our thanks to the united way of the ozarks
united way of the ozarks is improving lives in the ozarks by uniting community support. united way envisions a world where all individuals and families achieve their human potential through education, income stability, and healthy lives. at boys & girls clubs of springfield, we greatly appreciate the united way's mission and thank them for all that they helped us with throughout the years.










© 2025 boys & girls club of springfield
|
privacy policy | terms of use
|
site by mostly serious

















                                    join our newsletter.
                                





                                        receive the latest updates from us right in your inbox.
                                    













