




digital image basics 101 - all about images from cameras and scanning









a few scanning tipsby wayne fulton
the scanning basics section is below.
and the calculator section is below that.

photography
a few attempts to clarify some mysteries about the basics of flash and digital photography, hopefully helpful. more detail about fundamentals, how it works for those interested (and is good to know when you're ready).

essential fundamentals about digital images
a starting point for beginning to learn photography
pixels, printing dpi, video dpi - what's with that?  first basic fundamentals
image resize - cropping, resampling, scaling  basics to use digital photos
white balance correction  click wb tool on a white thing
why should i shoot raw?  it's the easy way to get quality
field of view of lens and sensor, with calculator
depth of field and hyperfocal  with calculator, and a better way to blur the background
crop factor and equivalent focal length, and the why of the magnification illusion
f/stops and shutter speeds  understanding the numbers, and a few lens properties
file types, bit depth, image size, memory size  details
what are jpg losses?  jpg artifacts
rgb color  what is digital color?
exposure metering
how light meters work - maybe not as assumed
details about metering principles - including ttl flash
a histogram is not a light meter - incident vs. reflected meters
ev - exposure value and ev chart
sunny 16 rule of daylight exposure
18% gray card - what's the idea?
kodak's accurate exposure with your meter a classic
do i need a handheld light meter? sekonic l308s
surprises in the use of histograms use only the camera's three rgb histograms, not the single channel gray histogram
histograms are gamma encoded the numbers may not be what you think
what and why is gamma? with calculator for the histogram values
flash fundamentals we must know
introduction - basics about light and flash
inverse square law - flash falls off with distance
guide numbers and calculator, for manual flash exposure,
even a hss gn calculator too

bounce flash, and ttl flash compensation
camera distance does not affect exposure
continuous light vs. flash - shutter speed
other differences, continuous vs flash
maximum sync speed the shutter limits it, not the flash
hss - high speed sync, what is it?
what is soft light?
flash pictures are double exposures - learn to use it
flash outdoors - fill flash in sunlight
flash indoors - factors affecting ttl exposure
what hot shoe flashes do
auto iso - but for flash?
rear curtain sync - for blur from ambient motion trails
matching white balance of room lights - colored filters on flash
speedlights
a beginners guide to select a hot shoe flash,   part 2, chart
guide number calculator, even a hss gn calculator too
comparing power of flashes with guide number
review of yongnuo yn-565ex speedlight
review of aperlite yh-700n speedlight
review of neewer nw-985n speedlight
review of neewer vk750 ii speedlight
nikon ttl bl with d-lens distance - lens distance accuracy is poor
third party flash brands bypass the d-lens distance problems
speedlight aa batteries
comparisons of optical slave triggers
speed of flash units for high speed photography
nikon ttl history - ttl, d-ttl, ittl
lighting
the main skill is to learn to actually "see" the lighting
a standard portrait lighting setup
what is soft light?
what umbrellas do
mounting speedlights in umbrellas
methods to trigger flashes
nikon cls commander wireless remote flash system (awl)
lighting kits for home setups - flash is good for portraits
comparing properties of speedlights vs studio lights
which is softer, reflected or shoot-through umbrellas?
miscellaneous
scanning thousands of old slides with a digital camera
copying slides with a camera - calculator for macro lens or extension tube math
curve tool compared with levels
have we hit a megapixel limit?
diffraction limited pixels? really?
memory card speed how much do we need?
camera exif data need a good exif viewer?
good books on flash photography
math tips of ev and precise camera numbers - f/stop, shutter, iso
solenoid valve for water drop photography
 

scanning basics
this scanning material is about the basics of scanning photos and documents. the purpose here is to offer some scanning tips about using your scanner, and to explain the basics for scanning photos and documents. it is also about the fundamentals of digital images, about the basics to help you get the most from your images from your scanner or camera. how it works, for those who want to know.
included here are the general questions that we've all asked about digital images. the material is about the basics of scanning, certainly not superficial, but it is not at all difficult either, it is just simply about how it works. it describes in plain language the things we need to know to efficiently get the most from our images, in the various ways that we can use them.
do realize that a digital camera is a scanner too, and its photos are already digitized (already scanned, so to speak), meaning, that the first preference, instead of scanning photo prints, is to use your original camera file if you still have it.
dpi resolution is one of the first concerns. many newbies want to scan a photo at the greatest possible resolution. we'll explain why that's the very wrong answer, with tips about how to choose a more appropriate answer to match the actual job. that and many other scanning basics are covered here, and it's intended help newcomers to graphics and scanning of photos and documents. there will be a little technique to learn, but when you've seen it once, then it's rather simple.

never used a scanner before?
evaluating scanner features
quick summary of digital basics
scanning / printing dpi calculator

scanning 101the basics
start * fundamental concepts
video resolution - how much to scan?
say no to 72 dpi - it's a false notion
file types, bits, image size, memory size
images for television or powerpoint
printing resolution - scaling and resampling
the scaling menu - scaling output size
finding the scaling and resampling menus
printing guidelines - printing dpi
printer resolution - how much to scan?
line art and threshold - copy, ocr, text
line art and grayscale
scanning for fax
descreen to remove moiré interference
   images in printed media
interpolated resolution
photo resolution - how much can we scan?
image file formats - which format?

transparent media adapter - 35 mm slides?
what about film scanners?
dynamic range - 12 or 16 bits?
a few links to other scanning sites
a few frequently asked questions - faq
scanning 201

 a simple way to get better scans
histogram
unsharp mask sharpening
clone tool
restoration of genealogical photos
 correction of faded slides

a few typical(models discontinued now)scanner software

acer mirascan
hp precisionscan lt
hp precisionscan
hp precisionscan pro
microtek scanwizard 5
microtek scanwizard pro 6
minolta scan dual ii
polaroid 4000
umax vistascan
umax magicscan
vuescan - still going strong!


search scantips.com 











web  scantips.com

 

  these are all calculators, with a few extra features



compare 2 camera exposures, difference and equivalents
compare 2 shutter speeds, f/stops, or iso values
dpi calculator, scanning and printing resolution
ev and ev chart
field of view and chart and math
depth of field and hyperfocal, a better way to blur the background
flash guide number, for manual flash exposure
hss guide number
four crop factor calculators
exact aspect ratio
find distance or size of an object in image
histogram gamma
maximum image dimensions from megapixels
copying slides with a camera, macro lens or extension tubes
convert bytes, b, kb, mb, gb, tb
there are 4 sizes of any digital image
diffraction in support of depth of field
improved “500 rule - stars and star trails
motion blur or camera shake in pixels

compare inverse square law for 2 distances
compare 2 guide numbers for relative flash power
guide number of ganged flashes. exposure of metered main & fill
percentage of fill flash of ttl flash compensation with lighting ratio
charts of precise goal and nominal values of f/stop, shutter and iso settings
chart of "the numbers" for many sensors & film sizes - more about depth of field

stock market
50 year s&p 500 performance, concerned withdrawal depletion
compare performance of 160+ stock and fund tickers
methods of stock market gains, compounding, and annualized return and 6 calculators
s&p 500 daily action and counts of record highs in last 5 years
the next three are not calculators, just need to know stuff
basic info about stock market, investing, and s&p 500
dividends are simply a forced withdrawal which reduces your investment's price, value and future gains. but reinvesting dividends puts the value back, and becomes free additional new shares, increasing long term gain.
a few important things to know about investing in bonds




i do try to help with questions about the basics or about my material, but i cannot help with the "what hardware to buy" or "my hardware doesn't work" questions, so those two types of email probably get no response. in particular, i really would appreciate hearing about anything that is "wrong", especially about any problems with the site.

copyright © 1997-2025 by wayne fulton - all rights are reserved.

 


