




phoenix housing research and real estate market data | rl brown













 











rl brown housing reports. powered by homebuilders marketings inc.



 

call today for data guru jim daniel - 602-327-6989
  



homequalificationsabout uscompanies & affiliatesdata collectionfaqsmarket newsmagic professionalmagic professional registrationour reportsanalysis & consultationcurrent market snapshotsmonthly sales reportelectronic monthly reportsmagic professional housing data applicationlatest reportsdue diligence reportsthe monday morning reporteventscontact 






 
complete january data is available , including builder and subdivision rankings for the month, ytd, and last 12 months  ... magic pro is completely updated every month on the 15th with the latest months market data
our "industry standard" phoenix and tucson monthly housing market letters packed with data and analysis are available by calling 623-606-8113.  a 6-month subscription to either is only $40 per month.
right click and paste the url in your browser for a short 8 slide intro to magic pro and the sales and permit database  https://lnkd.in/gzu4jxbu     
 
for details of what is available in our magic professional data application, you can click on the magic professional tab at the top of this page for database fields and the subscription prices of each database  
 
 
   
 
  

qualificationsfounded in 1985... locally owned/independent 

to see the prices and the data fields included in each available and optional data set.... click our reports and magic professional tabs at the top of this page.
for special-custom data runs/reports call us at 623-341-1127
 
 
 
  


 
our data collection methodology ....our data collection methodology makes a huge difference - our firm collects and updates all of its performance data monthly using government records.  the product-specific data is updated monthly from homebuilder websites with the latest prices, incentives, features, and new product offerings. we do not use interviews, surveys, sampling, or other potentially less accurate and verifiable methods to accumulate the data that we publish and analyze.
 
 
 
  




homequalificationsmarket newsmagic professionalour reportseventscontact 














copyright © 2025 rl brown housing reports. all rights reserved on all content
powered by rl brown housing reports




