













pos software hardware store retail - business management systems






































































products

wave by bms
accounting software


services

full service
custom programming
implementation
catalog loads
physical inventory
distributor relationships
training


pos solutions

hardware stores
building supply
feed supply store
outdoor centers
lumber yards
paint supply


company

our story
support


events
request a demo
 


select page


  
 
 












wave by bms
a complete business pos system

view demos

schedule live demo







wave by bms is an integrated pos computer system designed to help you increase your hardware store’s sales and profitability. wave by bms is a complete retail system that gives you the tools to streamline your entire operation, while giving you the power and information that will result in increased profits.








point of sale (pos)
every sale contributes to the bottom line, so it’s vitally important to handle each sale efficiently.
learn more about our pos





inventory control
increase your sales and reduce inventory investment at the same time.
take back control of your inventories











accounts receivable
take control of your accounts to free up valuable cash for your business.
customer account management made easy





purchasing system
having more of your fast sellers and less “dead stock” is your best business practice and the wave by bms purchasing system helps you do just that.
the key to your profitability










services we offer

bms provides a single source for everything you need with your computer. bms helps you avoid the nightmare of having to contact several different companies to get the job done.
in addition to the hardware and necessary equipment and wave by bms software, bms also provides, installation, training, support, equipment warranty, catalog loads, distributor interface, custom programming and even physically counting your stock and on-going supplies and forms. one company to manage the process, the same company to keep it working.








full service








implementation








custom programming










catalog loads








physical inventory








training









business management systems is your complete answer for all your retail management needs. 

we have hardware and software to cover all aspects of your business from inventory control and point of sale, to financial statements. 

know more about us








 












computer systems and service to manage your business

bms sales and marketing
phone: (800) 449-5141
email: sales@bms-first.com

bms support and training
phone: (678) 442-1015
email: support@bms-first.com



our products

wave by bms
ecommerce
multi-store
accounting software
gift cards
disaster recovery
supplies


services we offer

full service
implementation
custom programming
catalog loads
physical inventory
training




let’s work together






name*store name*phone number*email*

messageemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











92205







© 2025 business management systems, inc. | all rights reserved. powered by  gravity junction, llc.



 






























