  








stone care international, trusted by stone care professionals


























 



                         






 

  the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.  free shipping on orders over $35! close shop all our brands in one cart our brands
shop all of our brands in one cart. if it needs cleaning, we’ve got a product that will get the job done.   weimansurface specific cleaningshop now   green gobblerdrain, septic & outdoor careshop now   30 seconds cleanersoutdoor cleaning productsshop now   biokleennatural cleaning productsshop now   googoneadhesive removalshop now   gonzoodor removal & disinfectingshop now   magicbathroom cleaning & repairshop now   stone carestone surface cleaningshop now   wrightsspecialty metal cleaningshop now close  toggle nav  my cart       menu  toggle nav cleanerspolishsealersstain removalblog  close account  account hello, sign in  create an account         categoriescleanerspolishsealersstain removalpopular products         granite & stone daily cleaner   $9.99      add to cart          granite & stone stain remover - ready to use   $8.99      add to cart          granite & stone sealer spray   $22.99      add to cart          granite & stone polish   $10.99      add to cart          granite & stone clean, shine & protect   $9.99      add to cart   
   how to properly clean granite categories: cleaning granite is a durable, lovely surface in any home, but to keep it looking it’s best you need to clean and care for it properly. your natural stone surface is millions of years old and improper cleaning products will dull or damage the surface. learn more.
read article  how to seal granite categories: sealing ,   featured properly sealing granite is the most important thing you can do to ensure your granite looks great and lasts as long as possible. this guide will walk you through the types of sealers available, how to test your current seal and how to reseal granite.
read article  why polish granite? categories: polish polishing granite enhances the beauty of the stone and refreshes the sheen.it will also provide a protective coating as well as enhance the natural color of the stone. polishing also helps to prevent dulling, rings and streaks. learn more.
read article subscribe to our email list
sign up and receive our latest news and promotions.as seen in 

        755 tri-state parkway
        
        gurnee, il 60031
    

(800) 839-1654

  shop


cleaners


polish


sealers


stain removal

 stonecare


home


about us


contact us


how tos


sds & ingredients


shipping & orders


satisfaction guarantee


reseller policy

 purposebuilt brands


company overview


our brands


sustainability


careers

   
                subscribe to our mailing list



facebook


youtube

  copyright © cc holdings, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy
terms and conditions
cookie policy
 cookie preferences 






























































