




vacations, all-inclusive packages, cruises, tours, last minute travel specials




















 

homepage


hotels & resorts


last minute rooms
hotelscombined
trip advisor
resorts & spas
hotel chains
hostels & b&bs


destinations


things to do worldwide!
country info
us state info
us city info
int'l city info



travel resources


airline websites
airport websites
cruise linesglobal medical insurance travel insurance
need to know
embassy websites
top 10 travel tips
packing tips
weather
world newspapers


knownworld


about us
links
faqs
contact us



















knownworld traveller's guides  click below for destination specific hotels, tours, nightlife, area guides, and more. 
 
londonparisrome cancúncaribbean & bahamasbritain




what's new!
 attraction tickets on your smartphone... now!! paris, london, new york, barcelona, rome, amsterdam... no more waiting in line for admission to top attractions. no more having to plan ahead and arrange your schedule days or weeks in advance only to have plans change. now you can get entry tickets on your smartphone in real time and skip to the front of the line. click here to take a look.
six food tours in barcelona
choose from tapas evening walking tours, la boqueria market walking tour or discover the flavors of catalan food and wine on a small-group day trip from barcelona. there's even a gourmet dinner on a deluxe glass-roof bus where you can relax and take in the landmarks of barcelona like gaudi's la sagrada familia and la pedrera, la monumental bullring and olympic venues. enjoy a 3-course gourmet dinner designed by michelin-star winner and spanish chef carles gaig! 
river cruising from paris to normandy and back
we decided to try a viking cruise because river cruising impressed us as a leisurely way to travel as opposed to bus or car. it was a moving hotel, providing passing scenery, meals, and stops along the way at destinations offering new things to see and do. if we liked river cruising there were many more cruises we could take. so it was a lifestyle choice and a test not only of a mode of travel, but also of viking river cruises in particular. click here to join us on the seine and in paris.
knownworld travel hotel reservations   - use our new booking engine for your hotel reservations in london, paris, amsterdam, rome, berlin, madrid and more. we provide details and online booking in 16 languages including japanese. give us a try. our rates are competitive and we list hotels by star ratings, district, proximity to landmarks and alphabetically to make it easy to find what you want.  and we show you where they are located on a map.
 apartment rentals worldwide  

airport shuttles - book ground transportation worldwide. 

destination adventures  what to do when you get there....        click here to choose your destinationtranslate this site




napa valley wine 




classic beijing




sights of london




grand canyon




hawaii













resources


what's banned in carryon and what you can book through in your luggage?
what not to wear when flying
flying with electronics
air travel rules: flying with pets






sightseeing tours




 real adventures in over 40 countries what to do when you get there... great prices! great fun! hundreds booked every month. see what's on offer where you're going. click here



http://www.partner.viator.com/widgets/hotsellers.jspa
2210
27
1
top sellers
200
false
true
hotsellers





europe, london & uk


traveller's guides
guide to london
guide to paris
guide to romeguide to britain
guided tours of the uk
british tourslondon sightseeing tours



the americas


traveller's guides - hotels & guided tours
guide to new york
brandywine valley, pa 
guide to las vegas

getaways & b&bs
san francisco-napa b&bs 
key west b&b directory 
pennsylvania b&b directory 

us destination cities
atlantic city, nj
charleston, south carolinanaples, floridaphiladelphia, pa





island destinations


barbados
guide to cancun
guide to caribbean & bahamas




montego bay, jamaica.   rose hall, montego bay, jamaica, is a 5-star ritz-carlton resort and spa that is a great destination for relaxing, golf, and fine dining. sun, sand and very civilized. 
riviera maya, mexico.
grand hotel paraíso, riviera maya, mexico, a 5-star iberostar resort 35 minutes from cancun airport that is a great destination for relaxing in the sun, golf and adventure trips nearby. 



if you have a destination or a travel experience you would like to share, email us at knownworld and we'll consider your story for publication. 



  ©  unica online.  all rights reserved


















