



mjr page

mjr's index page



 updated july 2009

    software developer, writer, editor. in 28 years of professional
        experience i have been all of these.
recent work includes:

high-volume (7 terabytes/day) etl development in perl and pl/sql                for danger inc a purveyor of mobile phone services.
software development (edi-tibco/oracle/workflow) including
                hi-capacity medical information load to oltp system, customer
                compliance reporting, and various utilities for oncology
                theraputics network of south san francisco california.
edi workflow development, optimization, and enhancement for
                mckesson corporation of san francisco. re-wrote workflows
                surrounding large scale file-management software -- sterling
                corp. "connect mailbox".
oracle development, small business loans decision support
                software for wells fargo of san francisco. optimized 5,000 line
                package for maintenance and enhanced performance.
high-capacity etl to/from web store and client oltp/olap
                dbms software including pl/sql code generator in perl.
high-throughput x12/xml-based edi development for headlands
                mortgage of larkspur california. no edi package on the market
                today can match the throughput of this proprietary software
                created 10 years ago!
queue-based data bus implemented with sockets
address matching for government compliance, large legacy migration,
                eai and etl, for transaction and data warehouse (oltp to olap), 
                monitoring, recording, testing, and many other applications.

the work above represent the last 12 years of
            development, mostly with oracle (pl/sql, and all other related oracle
            development tools), and perl, a powerful work and data flow language.
            if the previous example is a bit long here is a short 
            program
            that gets a web page source and returns all urls on it to 
            stdout.
            in
            the 13 years preceding i worked for american express and others
            where i gained experience in over a dozen dbms systems, served as
            dba, and developer in 3rd, 4th, and 5th generation languages on
            micro- mini- and mainframe platforms. my complete resume is linked here, while a resume
            focused on my 15 years in edi 
            is here. earlier work includes: 
            

napa county fleet cost accounting system
multi-user dec terminal emulation software package
design for winery inventory and production control system
american express life insurance claims system implemented
                twice, in dataflex and supra/mantis
dba: cincom's supra rdbms for american express
maintain and extend hr and payroll system implemented in
                pick for american express
automated simultaneous multi-user bi-directional electronic data
                exchange system between american express corporate and 35 field
                offices nation-wide
insurance claims processing system from data analysis, and dbms schema design
                to code implementation (mantis)

from 1989 to 1991 (while working for american express) i authored a
            column on the subject of dbms procedural languages for "computer
            language magazine" (subsequently named "software development"
            published by miller freeman corp. of san francisco). during the
            course of this work, i was privileged to twice interview edgar codd,
            inventor of the relational database. these two interviews were
            published in two miller freeman publications (1990) and later in
            "dbms magazine" (1993). in 1991, i published a book: computer mediated communications
            (isbn 0-471-51642-2 1991 john wiley and sons publisher). 
i continue my writing to this day. recent articles include:

high volume                reporting
legacy conversion and data migration
                workflows
middleware and its impact on electronic data
                interchange (edi).
edi architectures and their relation to
                other parts of the corporate enterprise.
workflow in the business of e-discovery, or
                finding a relevant set in a pool of largely irrelevant
                documents.
the data driven workflow model. 
                workflow without explicit inter-application mapping.

besides technical articles, i have also published a few reviews of
            books by:

ernest
                moyer
larry mullins
martin gardner

at this time, april 2008, i am looking for work as software
            developer, writer, or editor. i am an engineer at heart. if i can
            help with software or technical documentation requirements, or if
            you seek a writer/editor, please feel free to contact me here via e-mail





mail to mjr


            here is a
        picture of me taken at xuma corporation in 2001
        


