
      home | the bank of lafayette
    

homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.                        in observance of           
         president's day
    the bank of lafayette 
          will be closed                    monday, february 17, 2025
 
the bank of lafayette has upgraded its text alert preferences  for online banking and in the app for added security and performance.  you will need to go into either online or in the app and set up your preferences again. see below for step by step instructions for accomplishing this.  we are sorry for any inconvenience but your account security is of utmost importance to us.  thank you.
to set up preferences for debit card alerts
online
go to card management.    alerts and protections.     notification settings>manage.    set up notification alerts either by text, in app, email.  spending limits.     notify on all transactions.     check and setup limits.
in the app
go to card management.   alerts and protections.    notification setting>manage>text, email or in-app or all three.   go back and turn on notify me on all transactions.   spending limits.   transaction limits.   spending alert.  put in amount and click save.  
   got it, thanks!  
      home | the bank of lafayette
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentthe bank of lafayette  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

products & services


checking accounts

loans & credit card

savings accounts

cds

iras

hsas

senior customers

new account worksheet

infoline telephone banking

other services



online banking


online banking

remote deposit anywhere

credit card online

pay loan payments with debit card

go green with estatements



security & info


information and account security

checks in the 21st century

download into quicken/quickbooks

fdic consumer news

atm usage info

financial calculators

privacy policy



about us


locations

contact us

our history

community rooms

links of interest

contact your elected officials



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.select account online bankingcredit cardsorder checksusernamesign inforgot passwordenrollsign insign in  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchthe bank of lafayette 









checking accounts for all your needs
whether you are looking for a simple, no-frills checking account, or one with a full complement of features, we have an account to meet your needs.

explore our checking accounts






  









at home and on-the-go
welcome to the new online banking experience where everything functions the same no matter where you access it from.

explore online banking






  









deposit your check anytime, anywhere.
don’t get a check very often? hate to drive all the way to the bank to deposit it? you don't have to! deposit it anytime, from anywhere.

explore remote deposit






 play main slider/pause main slider welcome to the bank of lafayette
at the bank of lafayette you can "bank with confidence", enjoying the same level of security and customer service that has enabled us to remain your trusted hometown bank since 1899.   
powerpay
power pay" is an online bill payment/check writing system that allows you to pay all of your bills from the convenience of your home computer, saving you both time and money! 
start paying your bills  
the weatherfone
get the correct time and temperature right on your phone.
(706) 638-9292  
credit card online
as you make your travel plans, don’t forget to let the bank of lafayette mastercard and debit mastercard departments know.
credit card login  
reorder checks
ordering replacement checks is easy and convenient when you order online.
order checks online  
infoline telephone banking
check your account balances, and much more!
put me in touch  
estatements
stay organized and reduce the amount of paper you receive every month
let's go green!   








we keep it local.
we've put together local and financial links that might be of interest to you.
our community!





   





helping you travel down your financial path
individual retirement accounts mean much more than retirement savings.
explore our iras


  





taylor made for the needs of our 'seasoned citizens'.
the prestige account is our best service for our most proven customers 55 and over.
prestige account


  





cash when you need it! cash when you want it!
loans for personal and business use. we also offer a bank issued and controlled mastercard.
explore our loans


 play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  your independent, hometown bank
from simple checking accounts to complex financial portfolio management, the bank of lafayette stands ready to help you with all of your banking needs.   we're here to serve you  at the bank of lafayette, we are committed to providing the best possible ways for you to contact us at your convenience. for all of your banking needs, please contact us via email, telephone, fax and u.s. postal service.
contact us   a heritage of trust  the bank of lafayette has been your hometown bank for more than 100 years! during our first century of service we have built a legacy of trust that continues to be the foundation of how we do business. we've served many generations with exceptional customer service. we'll be here to serve many more.
our history  let us put your money to work for you!  the bank of lafayette has a number of different ways to help you meet you future financial needs. whether it's simply saving for a 'rainy day' or if your savings needs are more long-term, we can help! listed below are several different types of savings accounts that we offer.
savings accounts back to the topthe bank of lafayette routing # 061103182phone # 706-638-2520

locations

contact us

terms of use

privacy policy

©  the bank of lafayettemember fdicequal housing lender 

 
