




upcoming monsters of destruction monster truck shows across the usa | buy tickets today


















































































































home
about
upcoming shows
registration

tuff trucks
sxs


faq
contact

















317-716-2684







				      			0 items
$0.00 











home
about
registration

tuff trucks
sxs





upcoming shows
merchandise
contact
 
menu




















monster trucks. tuff trucks. moto-x & more
monsters of destruction’s monster truck show coming to a city near you. 









upcoming shows
monster trucks compete at an arena near you.


monsters of destruction with their special guest travel all over the county (heck we’ve even left the country) to put on shows for kids of all ages. these loud, fierce and unpredictable trucks will keep you at the edge of your seat. follow our social pages to see when we’re close to your hometown.





21-23
feb





du quoin, il
	    								du quoin state fairgrounds	    								    														


february 21:

												
																																																																		 7:30 pm																																							
											
february 22:

												
																																																																		 7:30 pm																																							
											
february 23:

												
																																																																		 2:00 pm																																							
											


show details




22-23
mar





corbin, ky
	    								the corbin arena	    								    														


march 22:

												
																																																																		 7:30 pm																																							
											
march 23:

												
																																																																		 2:00 pm																																							
											


show details












free pit party
get up close on the dirt, meet the riders and touch the trucks.


included with price of admission. get to go down in the dirt, next to the track, to get an up-close look at the size of these monster trucks. meet the riders, get autographs signed, take pictures … even ride a real-life monster truck! trust you’ll want to get to meet these guys and see these trucks up close once you see them in action!









mod show features
what else can you plan on seeing at an mod show? 







monster truck rides
want to climb in and ride a real-life monster truck? join us at the pit party for a chance to do so, hear it (it’s loud) for yourself. cash fees apply.











freestyle moto-x show
gravity and death-defying freestyle motocross show, with riders flying 35’ in the air, doing tricks you soon won’t forget. 











quad wars
a no-rule, winner takes all extreme atv race. whoever crosses that checkered flag is the winner! see all-out brawls against rival quad drivers, something you definitely don't see every day. 











tuff truck competition
is your truck tough enough to take on the monster truck course? compete for cash, bragging rights and for one heck of a good time.











sxs racing
does your utv have what it takes to win it all? 

be a part of the show, while winning all the dough! we're taking registrations to compete against the area's best in sxs racing. this race is put on by racers and will not leave you disappointed.











can your 4x4 take on the mod monster truck course?


register your tuff truck for a change to win toughest tuff truck along with a cash purse!


learn more











an all-out monster truck thrill show, featuring monster trucks going head-to-head in an all-out battle to see who’s toughest. plus, see gravity-defying freestyle moto-x, ride in a real monster truck and meet the drivers.


links
faq
vendors
sponsorships
 

connect


317-716-2684


email us









enjoy more shows from :

monster trucks
arenacross
supermoto
flat track
home & landscaping
boat, rv & sport shows
garage sale & marketplace
4wheel jamboree








			copyright © 2025 events, inc. developed & powered by riotact studios




 







