

























light - domaines barons de rothschild (lafite)








































skip to content





english

français
español
中文

















domaines barons de rothschild (lafite)









recherche


menu





the journal
history
manifesto
our commitment
the professions
wine directory
authentification
contact us
the domaines

château lafite rothschild
château duhart-milon
rieussec
château paradis casseuil
château l’évangile
domaine d’aussières
viña los vascos
bodegas caro
domaine de long dai
domaine william fèvre


the collection

les légendes r
saga r


 









the 
journal








history








manifesto








our commitment








the
professions








wine
directory








authentification








contact
the domaines





























































































the collection





















 




close search















recherche



effacer







search



search by keywords

assemblage / good manners / history / recipes





























the journal

light
issue 04

view all issues






scroll down







welcome to the 4th edition of the journal. for this issue dedicated to light, we turn the spotlight on our ongoing research, ranging from genetics to scorching and leaf thinning. our terroirs reveal themselves in a new light, with a view on lafite and a return to long dai. we continue the journey with the art of asado by the fire and a rieussec that emerges through the london fog. an illuminating season awaits!











a territory revealed: shining a light on long dai

reflecting on the origins of domaine de long dai with olivier trégoat. 



domaine de long dai / know-how 










project phare: preserving the past to shed light on the future

what strategies may be deployed to conserve the genetic heritage of historical plots while adapting to climate change? 



château lafite rothschild / dbr lafite / nature 










assemblage: and then there was light

assemblage
a lexical tour between fruit and photon.



château duhart-milon / château l’évangile / château lafite rothschild / domaine de long dai / los vascos 










firelight: the art of cooking by asado

recipes
a closer look at the aromas of latin america reveals inspiring new ways of cooking over open flame. 




bodegas caro / los vascos / recipes 










batman and other wild nights

nocturnal scenes from our vineyards at domaine d’aussières, château paradis casseuil and viña los vascos.



château paradis casseuil / domaine d'aussières / good manners / los vascos / nature 










grands crus and the big screen

what do françois pignon and james bond have in common? lafite, of course!




bodegas caro / château lafite rothschild / good manners 










lafite and l’évangile: tribulations in the age of enlightenment 

for the wineries of bordeaux, the 18th century was a tumultuous period. marked by industrial development, inheritance disputes and a mix of truth and fiction, it was also the era when château lafite rothschild and château l’évangile would step out of the shadows and into the public eye. 



château l’évangile / château lafite rothschild / good manners 










golden light: london meets ​​château rieussec

sauternes has a reputation of being an after-dinner or dessert wine. but château rieussec is here to challenge that stereotype. join mathieu crosnier, our estate manager on an enlightening journey to london.



good manners / recipes / rieussec 










where there’s light, there’s wine: illuminating the winemaking craft

adapting to the light.




bodegas caro / château lafite rothschild / domaine de long dai / domaine william fèvre / know-how / los vascos 










guiding lights: the art of mentorship

when it comes to learning, theory alone isn’t everything. the people working across our estates know that the right encounter can sometimes change the course of a career. here are three stories of winegrowers passing on their expertise.




château duhart-milon / château l’évangile / château lafite rothschild / domaine de long dai / good manners 










under the stars: lafite through the lens of evgenia arbugaeva

in 2020, photographer and filmmaker evgenia arbugaeva selected the starry skies over château lafite rothschild as her focal point, conjuring up a compelling chiaroscuro effect.



château lafite rothschild / photography / views on lafite 










nurtured by nature: yann stofer captures lafite in a new light

in 2024, yann stofer captured the light across lafite, revealing the symbiotic stories between man and nature. visions that aren’t obvious at first glance.



château lafite rothschild / photography / views on lafite 


 
discover all the issues of the journal







back to the top of page






alcohol abuse is dangerous for your health, consume in moderation
legal notice
personal data protection policy
information notice for browsers
 - consent choices









meet the family...



your languages...



									français								

									english								

									español								

									中文								



are you of legal age in your home country?

no
yes



						unfortunately you cannot enter this website as you are not of legal drinking and purchasing age.					

























































