


about us (home) - gem cutters guild of baltimore




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top



















member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






add me to your mailing list












 
 
 
  
                    
                                                            








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter



about us classes & events calendar gem show info membership contact us photo albums donations surveys auction

















welcome 
 






















about us












 























the gem cutters guild of baltimore, inc. is an
                        organization with the purpose of increasing awareness and appreciation of the lapidary arts and sharing the knowledge of lapidary sciences and jewelry fabrication with the local community.  the guild is a non-profit 501 (c)(3) organization
 
we offer informational programs 
at our monthly meetings
held the 1st tuesday of each month
september thru june, at 7:30 pm 
in our workshop located at

                        meadow mill at woodberry
                        (next to the woodberry light rail station)
3600 clipper mill road, suite 116 
baltimore, md 21211
 
we sponsor classes in both lapidary and jewelry fabrication, runs field trips and sponsor exhibitions such as the  gem mineral jewelry & fossil show ; held annually at the howard county fairgrounds. 
 
the guild is a founding member of the eastern mineralogical & lapidary societies (efmls)
 region iv - delaware, maryland, dc and virginia 
and affiliated with the american federation of mineralogical societies (afms)
 


we are one of the few guilds that operate and maintain a member's workshop.
 
our shop is fully equipped with slab and trim saws, multiple lapidary forming and polishing stations, torch soldering stations for metal working and jeweler's benches equipped with foredom style rotary tools. 






 
 






 





















we encourage you to be our guest at the next meeting, introduce yourself and enjoy our program.
we often have a speaker on topics that further our interests. listen in on our discussions about minerals and stones we have recovered from areas, both local and around the country. as a member, join us on rock-hounding trips. take a class and learn to create and design your own piece of jewelry.


    




 



 
















 
benefits of becoming a member
 
 * educational seminars
 * guided rockhound trips
 * social events
 * access to the equipment in our work shop
 * fun, fun, fun
 
dues and fees:
 
1. individual member = annual dues for individual membership is $35.00. 
 
2. family membership = $55.00  family membership (2 individuals living in the same address).
 
3. each new member will be charged a “one time” set-up fee of $12.00.
 
4. open shop fee is $75.00 per person - use of the equipment is predicated on your ability to satisfactorily demonstrate prior knowledge and ability, to safely use the equipment. the usual way to satisfy this requirement is to take gem cutter’s guild courses that teach the proper methods and safety procedures needed to produce a piece of jewelry, fashion art work or manufacture metal work using soldering torches, presses, saws and cutting arbors. proficiency ensures that both you and the machinery will operate in a safe and proper way. 
 
 







 











 


















































home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 












