











cgnet it assessment and management, cybersecurity and cloud services

































































 



 

















home
about

the cgnet story
meet the team
countries
customers
partners & vendors
careers


solutions

cybersecurity
technology assessments
managed service provider
cloud services


blog
support
contact
subscribe
 





select page


  
 



 



 









 
 
we focus on your it so you can focus on changing the world.











cgnet has brought it solutions to world-changing organizations since 1983. we help them maintain their focus on providing high impact programs in secure, stable and productive environments.









it assessments
a review of your infrastructure, security and applications and polices will lead to smart strategic plans and roadmaps.





cyber security
secure your technology and information with threat detection, security training, planning and policies.





managed service provider
we can manage all it services for your organization, remotely and onsite as needed.





managed cloud services
optimize microsoft 365, azure, dynamics 365, microsoft teams and more.













our customers do important, amazing things.
our customers











we have helped over 200 organizations in 130 countries with their technology needs. they include some of the world’s leading foundations, relief organizations and ngo’s, as well as community and family foundations of all sizes.

what our customers are saying…











"the robert wood johnson foundation engaged cgnet services international for a study to assess the overall it operations of the foundation, and we were very pleased with the results."stephen j. downs

chief technology and strategy officer
robert wood johnson foundation









“the world food programme recently awarded cgnet services international a long-term agreement (lta) for consulting services, and for security. the lta award is a testament to cgnet's technical prowess, financial soundness, leadership ability, and reliability. ”enrica porcari

former cio and director of it
world food programme









"i have utilized the assistance of cgnet services international for more than 20 years. they have undertaken multiple consulting assignments, assisted us with the provision of new vendors, helped us prepare rfps, evaluated rfp responses, implemented new systems…"matt sharp 
director of information technology
the duke endowment








"cgnet has contributed great operational benefits and helped establish a positive overall image for cgiar, by their willingness to go the extra mile and their accumulated understanding of the needs of all elements of our organization."curtis farrar
former executive secretary
cgiar world bank








"cgnet was a pioneer in bringing electronic communication to the international agricultural research community. it provided many of us our introduction to email, and cut years off the period over which the cgiar community would have experimented with some similar system."
robert herdt
former vice president for program administration
rockefeller foundation









"people everywhere who care about the world our children will inherit, people to whom lasting social justice and compassion matter more than making money, have been enriched by the achievements of cgnet and the people and organizations it serves."
paul o’nolan
former it head
irri













the latest from cgnet




visit our blog











why premium generative ai tools are worth the investment

by georg lindsey | february 13, 2025 | ai and productivity | 0 comments 














graphcast: google deepmind’s answer to weather forecasting

by georg lindsey | february 13, 2025 | ai and productivity | 0 comments 














how to use version control in microsoft 365

by jackie bilodeau | february 6, 2025 | microsoft | 0 comments 
















cybersecurity training is the key to data protection

by georg lindsey | february 6, 2025 | cyber security | 0 comments 














stay safe on public wi-fi

by georg lindsey | january 29, 2025 | cyber security | 0 comments 














supercharge productivity with voice-to-text

by georg lindsey | january 23, 2025 | ai and productivity | 0 comments 






















contact us


559 clyde ave suite 220
mountain view, ca 94043
+1-650-833-6000


 

support



blog signup
 


email address: 


this form collects your email address so that we can respond to your inquiries. please check our privacy policy to see how we protect and manage your submitted data.




leave this field empty if you're human: 



 

 






meet the team
solutions
blog
cartoons
publications
support
contact
privacy policy
 



© cgnet services international 2022. all rights reserved. 




translate »

    we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent.


cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview

this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                        necessary 
                    


 necessary 


                        always enabled                    



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                        non necessary 
                    


non-necessary




any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.






save & accept
































share this





twitter





linkedin





gmail





 




subscribe



































