



  










controversies, problems & techniques in surgery | montefiore meeting









































 
















home
event details
program
registration
industry

exhibitor prospectus


faculty
past meetings






course directors

  w. scott melvin, md
professor of surgery
vice chairman for clinical affairs
division chief, general surgery
director, advanced gi surgery


  robert michler, md
surgeon-in-chief
samuel i. belkin chair professor and chairman,
dept. of surgery
professor and chairman,
dept. of cardiothoracic & vascular surgery

come back to new york city – registration is now open! 
december 15-16, 2022 @ the westin new york in times square
welcome dear colleagues!
covid has reinforced and catalyzed the importance of what we do every single day as healthcare professionals in our service to humankind.
as we emerge from covid, and its impact on each of us and our hospitals, we return to the importance of caring for persons who present to us with medical and surgical diseases. our knowledge is instrumental to saving lives and as we continue to care for illnesses that have not abated during this global pandemic, we must grow as professionals and always be prepared to refine our clinical skills. 
it is my pleasure to invite you to join us for this year’s 38th annual controversies, problems and techniques in surgery. new york city is a magical place to be during the holiday season. for decades, this annual surgery symposium has served as a conduit for information and discussion between healthcare professionals and experts in surgery and medicine.  
year after year, physicians from around the country and abroad share the value and importance of this meeting in helping them care for their patients. these professionals seek the leading-edge scientific presentations, cme credits and the excitement of new york city in the holiday season.
for a glimpse into the incredible presentations check out the 2019 gliedman oration: designing babies: medical genetics and ethics presented by dr. robert klitzman.
access the schedule at glance and advance program at here
we thank the following companies for their generous support of the 2022 meeting through educational grants:
ethicon us, llc
gore & associates
medtronic
2022 exhibitors:
allergan aesthetics ~ boston scientific ~ gore & associates ~ medtronic ~ stryker

















© 2019 cis | bsc management: 11300 w olympic blvd, #600 | los angeles, ca 90064
ph 310-437-0555 | em shelley@bscmanage.com


















cis menu




home
event details
program
registration
industry

exhibitor prospectus


faculty
past meetings




