



learn to race walk with racewalk.com




































toggle navigation










racewalk.com


learn
shop
join
compete
contact
officiating
videos
usatf rw committee









learn to 
race walk 
it's a sport for everyone! 
 read more


















learn









shop









join









compete










learn to race walk
race walking provides unparalleled benefits.

race walking provides amazing cardiovascular benefits, is a weight-bearing exercise, with a greatly reduced incidence of injury.
                    race walking skips the major issues associated with fad diets, whimsical workout trends, or other traditional exercise programs.
             
to get started all you need is a pair of walking shoes and a will to improve your fitness level.
                    learn more about the amazing benefits race walking can bring to your life for life!
click here to read more.








 

 









shop

when racewalk.com launched their were few books and videos available to help learn race walking. over
                the past 20 years, we've helped fill the void. please visit our complete race walking shop which is of
                course the place to get the best books and videos about race walking. whether you are competitive or just
                a recreational walker looking to maximize your workout, racewalk.com and its products are perfect for you.





join
keep up to date race walking, up coming clinics, new products, race results and 
                    usa race walking foundation activities by subscribing to our free electronic newsletter.
new clinic dates will be posts shortly
 





racewalk.com / usa race walking foundation mailing list










submit















attend a clinic

while you can learn to race walk from books, videos and on-line articles, the single best way to develop legal,
                efficient and most importantly safe technique is to attend a race walking revolution clinic of excellence.
whether you are just starting an exercise program or if you are training to compete our clinics have helped
                walkers of all levels learn to maximize their potential.





compete

race walking offers opportunities for all levels of competition from 1500m or a mile to marathons, 50ks and beyond. whether a beginner or advanced walker take race walking to the next level and enter or watch a race.
click here for more information including many photo stories of past races.









officiating

race walking has been a discipline within athletics (track & field, long distance running & race walking) for
                more than 100 years. as one of three “separate” disciplines, the race walk may be included in track and field
                competitions and is also held as long-distance events. too often the event’s uniqueness has kept officiating
                to a small number of specialists. people think it is difficult to judge. it is not. this page links to the
                resources necessary to learn how to be a race walk judge and official. keep in mind throughout these explanations,
                that race walking is not running, and it is not normal walking; it is a prescribed technique with different,
                yet similar and varying aspects of both. click here to get started.





videos

this page contains some of the videos we have produced. however, with the recent update to the site,
                many of the instructional videos are now embedded in the content pages. we've left the fun / promotional videos
                here as well as a few legacy videos that do not have a place elsewhere.click here
                to explore.








testimonials






dave mcgovern



 race walking has given me a way to stay fit for a lifetime. my dad died of a heart attack at 46 and i don’t want to go down that path.
                                    i want to walk my daughter down the aisle when she gets married. i won’t let her date until she’s at least 30, so that could be a while.
                                    






noel tate



 race walking has given me the ability to stay an athlete even as i age and injuries have sidelined me from other sports. it’s allowed me to race past the runners going uphill with a smile on my face!!
                                    






brett badgerow



 after college, i never thought i would classify myself as an athlete again, but then i discovered race walking.
                                    






katharine kitty cashman



 race walking keeps me grounded. it's the only meds i need to keep my stress controlled.
                                    

















about us
racewalk.com seeks to educate, inform, and recognize the efforts of all race walkers at all levels
                            while promoting our u.s. elite junior and senior national team members. click here for more information about racewalk.com


contact us

 (856) 220-4537
 info@racewalk.com





© 1995 - 2022 salvage writes media, llc. all rights reserved.






































