


home page





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




 		welcome to the unauthorized copy course of j.g. banks probate profits website

home page

 		introduction		





my name is gary yamamoto.  i graduated from uc berkeley in the legal studies program, the only undergrad program in the nation taught exclusively by reknown law school professors.  i worked for a number of years in the superior court of california.  i also worked in the us attorney's office.  my reason for building this site is so you won't get ripped off by the probate profits course.  (at the red lion in sacramento, ca, it is selling for $4995 with $1995 down.)


 				true complaints of banks' probate course (www.realestatecoursereviews.com re: jim banks)


mine is a tale of woe and misery..., apr 10, 2006 reviewer: robert from las vegas, nvduring our initial sales pitch from one of their free workshops, we were assured that we would have 6 months to get a refund. this is entirely untrue...i found the main workbook to be inadequate. it only showed slides - nothing that was a "how-to" in writing...my opinion about the professional probate package (a very expensive add-on software package) is not to get it...look at the total costs of everything, including all their little extras, with them. close to 10k!!!!! that's ridiculous...overall, a very disappointing experience. i do not recommend this to anyone... 
mar 05, 2006 reviewer: james from los angeles, ca i'm sharing my experiences in hoping you all can learn from my mistakes. i bought the jg banks 3-day workshop in socal for $3000. banks claims you can guy property at 30-50% below full market value (fmv). the teaser workshop they threw had a very good speaker. i later read on the internet mr. banks is arrogant who doesn't speak well or relate well to people. he’s gotten smart and hired excellent speakers who will lure you in if you have any inclination to make a quick buck or two...that's every one of us. during the teaser you will hear wild stories of everyday people making tons ($50-150k during our teaser) of money off his system. i'm sure these weren't made up, but what you have to realize is these cases are very rare cases and the exception, not the rule. go onto mr. bank's website and check out his seminar schedule, he's got seminars scheduled every weekend somewhere...in many cases several on the same day. he's also starting to get onto tv now. with thousands of people trying his "system", inevitably somebody finds a diamond in the ruff, inevitably somebody hits the jackpot and wins the lottery. will it happen to you or i? don't bet on it. i feel misled by mr. banks because of several things: 1) at the teaser, banks claimed they would give you a certificate at the completion of his $3000 training certifying you as a "certified probate specialist". he even says the certificate is certified by the california department of real estate (dre), even if you don't have a real estate license. this is absolutely bogus. i've received the certificate and nowhere does it have anything associated with the ca dre. although i haven't contacted the dre, i would venture to say they have nothing to do with mr. banks course. 2) you will never ever be able to use mr. bank's money back guarantee after the first day of the $3000 course. in order to get a refund after the first day, you have to do one probate deal within 6 months. that's the hard part. if you do a probate deal, you'll make your money's worth. but that's the exact problem. getting the deal is 90% of the work. for the 1.5 months i've been at it, i've covered just about every probate case in socal from la to riverside to orange county, you name it i was there and sent out nearly 500 letters. occasionally i would get a call back. 75% of the time people wanted to know how i got their contact info... 3) there are more costs they won’t push onto you until the second day of the course after you've committed yourself, including a $4000 web-based software to help you in your probate treasure hunting. this software is an absolutely ripoff and just demonstrates mr. bank’s greed...they can operate on a much smaller margin and make profit where you or i can't. i've learned thru other sources each speaker makes about ~$25k per training seminar, plus a cut out of each person's $3000 fee. who's really making the money here...is it you and i, or is it mr. banks and his crew? if you must try jg banks, attend the first day of the $3000 seminar and see if i everything i write here isn't true. ask really hard questions about issues i've brought up and see if they skirt around the issue. keep in mind the speakers are very good and you may have a hard time quitting because of their persuasiveness. note in order to attend the second day of the $3000 training, you have to sign some forms committing yourself and waving your right to the $3000 refund unless you do a probate deal.
 
be careful, jan 08, 2006  reviewer: wiki lovett from southern california i was jazzed thinking that i'd be able to find real estate 30-40% below fair market value. i attended the 2-day teaser december 2004 and then put down the $3000 and went back for the 3 day course in jan 2005. i paid the extra $4000 to get mentoring. with 10 or so people from my home county at the seminar i decided to take on the neighboring county of riverside, ca. jgbanks people had told us that riverside was online yet the very good help at the courthouse said that riverside wasn't. i faithfully went every monday to pull new probate cases and never saw another jgbanks type. i sent out letters because they were actually easier than trying to find phone numbers...total investment: $7,000.
 
his videos are boring!!!, jul 13, 2004  reviewer: lewis from ft. worth, texas i have jim banks' "probate video workshop." the course has 8 videos that were taped at one of his weekend "bootcamps." good luck trying to stay awake long enough to finish all 8 tapes.  don't waste your money on this course. there are better, cheaper alternatives out there. 








 				mr. banks, above, has not authorized nor endorsed this copy course.


 




 				don't pay thousands of $$$ nor hundreds


the image to the right is used by mr. banks and the institute and is a registered trademark or is copy righted.  we do not in any way claim the trademark nor do we claim to be affiliated with mr. banks and the institution with his name.  we want to clarify any discrepency.





 				i will email you the "how to" "step-by-step" in one gist easy-to-follow short course         


no filler, time wasting information.  you won't spend $3,000, $4,000, nor up to $10,000 like the students above and like others.   we have a 100% money back guarantee with no strings attached.  examine and try it within 30 days.   if you don't make over $1,000 in your first transaction, we will gladly refund all of your money.   for a limited time only.  our special discount price this week for the complete home study short course is only $29.  sign-up and email your information now!  copycourse@hotmail.com















email us at copycourse@hotmail.com 	









