


horsedoc, the animal clinic and equine center 



















new:    with


no popup windows or ads:
www.horsesense.ws



west nile virus updates: 
more about equine wnv at 

usda/aphis   or at   cdc
(center for disease control)



newest: foaling schedule and newborn foal guide

downloads available in:
(pdf) (doc) (rtf) (wpd)



contact us                  about us



help                 search this site



table of contents      site map



horsedoc message board



recent   updates,  e-articles,
   newsletters  (subscribe)



links        other web articles

other horse resoureces
 (add your own link)





an actual map!

use the site map below.
just click on the map . . .

site map







en español

deutsch sprache

langue française

lingua italiano

língua português





the animal clinic and equine center
of equine veterinarian dr. robert l. leonard, dvm, aaep
home of the archived issues of the weekly advice column on horse health,
"equine notes"

i have been writing a weekly newspaper column about horse health and care for the west plains, missouri daily quill since the mid 1980s. because i have had so many requests for back issues from horse owners and breeders in the ozarks region, i thought it might be helpful to publish them on the internet. i asked mark rector of the lazy r ranch to design and publish this website. i understand it is a very large project, therefore it may take a while to get the hundreds of articles included.  i hope you will find these articles helpful.

     these articles were written for a regional newsaper, the west plains, missouri daily quill.  they are short topic discussions, because we only had a limited amount of column space available each week.
      i think they work pretty well, it doesn't take a long time to read them, and we hope you find it easy to find the topic you are looking for.
     once the site is complete, you will have access to the thousands of hours of careful work i have put into these articles.



our location
address, phone,
map,etc.
horse humor
contributed by our readers:

"mini breeders' lingo"
"all i need to know in life

 i learned from my horse"
[submit your own]

cute horse pictures:
many readers sent in some very nice pictures of their horses.  please feel free to

submit your favorite
cute horse pictures.

in these articles you will find
information about proper care and diet, common and unusual ailments, seasonal concerns, timely subjects, anecdotal illustrations and stories, and (hopefully) just good reading material for the horse enthusiast.
help/instructions page:  learn how to use the resources in this website.  i have tried to make it simple, i understand that this website should not be hard to use.
i absolutely hate complicated "help" files that take forever to read: they don't help much!

i have tried to make using this site simple, i understand that this website should not be hard to use (help).

if you get lost in the archives, sing a song loretta is waiting for you on every page. clicking on her picture will always bring you back to this home page.

"i know the way,
let me lead you home."



site search:
we now have enough of the columns posted to the internet to provide a topic-specific search of the archives.  use it  to easily locate the articles that deal with the particular subject your are looking for.












 animal clinic and equine center
practice specializing in horses' reproductive system and breeding, and embryo transfer
dr. robert l. leonard, dvm, aaep
1376 cr 8490 west plains, mo 65775
phone:  (417) 256-9235
fax:  (417) 256-7011
web site: www.horsedoc.org



(click below for the map)

















for driving directions to our clinic, type in your starting address:





street address:




city:




state:




zip (optional):






























continue to page 2 >>








above: lazy r ranch sing a song loretta
horsedoc.org
is designed by mark rector at lazy r ranch
if you would like to email me with suggestions,
please click here.

i also dedsigned my friend's web site,
little flint ranch
and
w-w livestock systems
dr. leonard uses the w-w "beefmaster" squeezegate, and called it "the cadillac of livestock equipment"
as r. d. rector (dad) always said,
"if you always buy the best,
you'll never be sorry."



start spreading the news!!




subscribe to the "equine notes"
e-mail newsletter.







[this counter tracks only "unique visits" to this index page]












new bravent counter installed
9-16-03 (inculdes previous counter cumulative). ~mar













                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            








page 2

horse
photo
posting

search
engine

help
instruction
how to...

outline site
map

image site
map


recent
updates

horsesense
home










