





the slamdek record company – louisville, kentucky • 1986 – 1995
























































the slamdek record company








menu
close



releases
downloads
search



theme by anders norén




releases
downloads
search






 


the slamdek record company


read the book slamdek a to z – now available in ibooks for iphone, ipad and mac
read slamdek a to z here

the complete story of the slamdek record company is detailed in the book slamdek a to z.
the book was written by label founder scott ritcher, published in 1996, and includes contributions from 30 other writers.
all of slamdek’s releases are discussed in a narrative form, with track listings, band rosters, anecdotes, excerpts from liner notes, recording dates, and each band’s history as it pertained to the label.
the book includes over 250 photographs and illustrations, and the new ebook version is searchable.
a 21-song compilation of highlights from the label is available on itunes, apple music, spotify and other streaming services.
get the book today
“slamdek a to z is a fan’s encyclopedia and a trainspotter’s wet dream.
– alternative press
“the label was integral in documenting one of the most creative times in louisville music history. slamdek a to z is both the ultimate extension of the slamdek philosophy and its crowning moment.”
– louisville courier-journal
“the history of this label is an interesting read. you will dig this book.”
– punk planet
“i’m completely overwhelmed by the detail of it all. if you want to see how a punk scene formed, lived, and [was] passed on, this is a great documentary of such. from punk rock field hockey teams to riots, you’ll read about it all.”
– change zine

about the slamdek record company
the slamdek record company was an independent music label based in louisville, kentucky, which operated from 1986 to 1995.
the label was known for launching bands like crain, rodan, endpoint, metroschifter and sunspring and for documenting the music of louisville.
in addition to music, slamdek promoted louisville civic pride and community involvement.
the label sponsored a weekly live radio program, a music festival, a high school girls’ field hockey team and published a daily planner calendar that included notes on fifteen years of the city’s punk and rock music history.

slamdek assisted in opening a dialogue between the independent music community and city government via the mayor’s office. this contributed to laying a groundwork for today’s environment in louisville in which public facilities, funding and city-sponsored events are more accessible to the area’s youth, musicians and music lovers.

when slamdek folded in 1995, most of its releases went out of print. this website was established in 2000 when digital distribution of music began. today you can instantly download classic recordings from many of the artists who appeared on the label.
you can also find slamdek music through services such as apple music, itunes, spotify, amazon and the other usual suspects.













