





















all about aluminium recycling | think cans












      skip to main content
    










toggle navigation








main navigation





aluminium


educational resources


cash from cans


how to recycle


games


about














home
















 












welcome to think cans, the place to learn all about aluminium recycling and how to get the most out of it, with canny facts and educational resources developed with teachers to make recycling fun for kids.



























aluminium
find out how aluminium cans get recycled, and learn some great facts about why recycling your cans is so important.













educational resources
explore a range of educational resources all about aluminium, including lesson plans, fact sheets, worksheets and presentations.













cash from cans
find out how to get cash from your cans to raise funds for yourself, a charity or community project.















games
play games to explore the different stages of the aluminium can recycling process a little further.













how to recycle
it's easy to recycle aluminium – whether you’re at home, school or work. find out how with our handy guides.













aluminium can recycling video
this video takes a look inside an aluminium can recycling plant to follow a can as it works its way back to the shop shelves.
























 

information and learning resources on aluminium manufacturing and recycling

> privacy and cookies
> legal information
> sitemap







about novelis
novelis is the world’s leading recycler of aluminium, recycling around 42 billion used beverage cans globally every year.
> novelis recycling website
 







about every can counts
every can counts helps organisations promote can recycling in the workplace.
> every can counts website
 










thinkcans.net and think cans for learning is funded by prn revenuenovelis uk ltd: registered in england and wales no. 00279596registered office: latchford locks works, warrington, wa4 1nncopyright © 2024 novelis. all rights reserved

















