



williamstown.com






















 member sign innot a member? become one today!



 
home

          	iberkshires    
    	williamstown chamber    
    	williams college    
		your government    
		land & housing debate
search










news
education
a&e
obituaries
events
green
billsville board
sports
dining
real estate
 send feedback to info@williamstown.com






news and events in williamstown, mass.
 
hoorwa to host annual meeting and talk on forest conservationthe event, sponsored by the williams college environmental studies program...images cinema to host david lynch film seriesthe event will also include themed lounge gatherings beginning at 9 p.m.,...clark art presents a look at women of the french tapestry revival this free lecture is given in conjunction with the clark's exhibition... 






clark art reflections gallery talk10:46am / friday, february 14, 2025tweet	williamstown, mass. — on tuesday, feb. 18 at 11 am, the clark art institute presents reflections, a monthly gallery experience during which visitors are invited to look contemplatively as they engage with works of art from the clark's collection.	participants meet in the museum pavilion.	with a gentle tone that encourages investigation and audience participation, the group explores one or two artworks with the help of a clark educator, working together to explore its meaning, find understanding, and raise questions. distinct from a conventional gallery tour, reflections provides an opportunity for close looking and introspection. 	free. advance registration
0 commentsread more >>  






holiday hours: presidents day09:00am / friday, february 14, 2025tweet			gen. george washington taking command of the continental army in cambridge in 1775.	washington's birthday will be celebrated on monday, feb. 17. 	the holiday was first enacted by congress in 1879 to mark george washington's birthday on feb. 22 and later moved to the third monday in february in 1968. while the name of the federal holiday remains washington's birthday, it is more often referred to as presidents day to include the birthday of abraham lincoln on feb. 12. 	washington was born in 1732 (or feb. 11, 1731, according to the old-style calendar) in colonial virginia. a founding father, he would lead the new nation as head of the continental army in the revolution and as
0 commentsread more >>  





















auto loan - apply today!unlock savings on your new ride. apply for your auto loan today! insured by ncua. www.greylock.org
care closer to home!north adams regional hospital is north berkshire's choice for healthcare services - your hospital!www.berkshirehealthsystems.org
community pharmacy narhberkshire community pharmacy at north adams, located in the lobby of north adams regional hospitalwww.berkshirehealthsystems.org

williamstown.com text advertisingadvertise today
clark art offers school vacation week activities07:52am / friday, february 14, 2025tweetwilliamstown, mass. — the clark art institute offers children and family activities and opportunities to see art during the massachusetts public school system's february vacation week, monday, feb. 17 through friday, feb. 21. 	 	every day of the week, children can pick up a free drawing pad and set of colored pencils at the clark center admissions desk. visitors are also encouraged to pick up a "wall power!" gallery guide to learn more about the clark's current tapestry exhibition. 	 	special vacation week programming is offered on tuesday, feb. 18 and thursday, feb. 20. admission to the clark is free for all visitors through march 30,  0 commentsread more >>  



















williamstown's abc clothing shop invites grant applications02:50pm / thursday, february 13, 2025tweetwilliamstown, mass. — the abc clothing shop at 30 spring st. distributes the profits from its sale of gently used high quality clothing twice a year to charitable causes that contribute to the well-being of the community.	 	the deadline for spring grant applications is march 1, 2025 and community organizations that meet the grant criteria are invited to apply for grants of up to $5000. 	 	interested agencies will find the simple application and funding criteria available online at abcclothingshop.org/grants. while helping the environment by recycling, abc funds local charitable organizations that serve youth and families at risk and address  0 commentsread more >>  

clark art presents gallery tours with emerging art historians 11:20am / thursday, february 13, 2025tweet	williamstown, mass. — on friday, feb. 21 at noon, the clark art institute presents a special tour as part of its fresh takes series.	enjoy a new look at old favorites in the clark's permanent collection as a williams college graduate student shares their take on an object with the perspective of new scholarship. tours begin in the museum pavilion.	free; no registration is required. for more information, visit clarkart.edu/events. admission to the clark is free january through march 2025. 	  0 commentsread more >> clark art screens 'girlfriends'08:11am / thursday, february 13, 2025tweet	williamstown, mass. — on thursday, feb. 20, the clark art institute screens the latest installment in its hollywood auteurs film series, "girlfriends" (1978), at 6 pm in the manton research center auditorium.	presented in partnership with images cinema, this series captures the explosion of creativity, critical acclaim, and box office success that hollywood directors found after the fall of the studio system.	according to a press release: 	when her best friend and roommate abruptly moves out of their manhattan apartment to get married, susan (melanie mayron) finds herself adrift in both life and love. a wonder of american independent cinema by claudia weill (who, when
0 commentsread more >> clark art presents sensing nature program 12:47pm / wednesday, february 12, 2025tweetwilliamstown, mass. — the clark art institute continues its seasonal program series, sensing nature: from the outside in, on sunday, feb. 16 at 2 pm.	 	a clark educator leads a slow engagement with nature and art focused on enhancing wellbeing and encouraging visitors to connect with the landscapes on the clark’s campus and in the galleries. the event begins outdoors, with a short, mindful walk in the woods designed to engage the senses with the natural environment; a contemplative art-looking experience in the galleries follows. participants meet in the clark center admissions lobby.	 	free. advance registration required; recommended for adult audiences. to register,  0 commentsread more >> williamstown's 1896 house back before board of health on electrical issueby stephen dravis, iberkshires staff05:46pm / monday, february 10, 2025tweetwilliamstown, mass. — the months-long conversation between the owners of the 1896 house and the board of health finally may be coming to a close … at least on one front.	 	on monday morning, at a special meeting of the board, it reaffirmed an order to correct electrical deficiencies at the brookside motel but heard that order could be lifted by the middle of this week.	 	the '6 house pub, also owned by the oring family at the same property, remains under a boil water order under the jurisdiction of the town's health department.	 	but the last remaining electrical issue — upgrading the motel's service to 400 amps — triggered the town's  0 commentsread more >> clark art lecture by artist mariel capanna 12:40pm / monday, february 10, 2025tweet	williamstown, mass. —on saturday, feb. 15 at 2 pm, the clark art institute presents a talk by artist mariel capanna marking the opening of "mariel capanna: giornata," the newest public spaces installation at the clark.	this free lecture takes place in the clark’s manton research center auditorium.	according to a press release: 	mariel capanna (b. 1988, philadelphia, where she lives and works) plays what she calls "games of remembering" as a way of reckoning with loss. working from home videos and family slideshows, whose runtime is her constraint, the artist races to record fleeting memory images in oil paint. she scatters these flat, pastel forms
0 commentsread more >> willamstown community preservation committee ups recommended funding levelsby stephen dravis, iberkshires staff05:41am / monday, february 10, 2025tweetwilliamstown, mass. — non-profits seeking community preservation act funds in fiscal year 2026 will receive a little bit more than expected if town meeting agrees with the recommendations from the community preservation committee.	 	last month, the committee voted to forward all nine grant requests to the may meeting with each funded at 50 percent of the level requested by applicants.	 	that decision allowed the cpc to support each of the applications on the table and stay within a budget that would not allow all to be fully funded.	 	last week, the committee members got some good news.	 	while anticipated fy26 cpa revenues still are expected to be lower than  0 commentsread more >> a tribute to david lynch at images cinema06:39pm / friday, february 07, 2025tweetwilliamstown, mass. — images cinema presents a special series honoring the late david  lynch by celebrating his masterpieces. 	 	screenings in the main theater will be preceded by a restored short film, and will begin at 9:45pm on fridays and saturdays. make it a night by joining images for lynchian vibes in the lounge beginning at 9pm. 	 	there will be additional screenings of all feature films in the lounge throughout the week (lounge showtimes available on website). 	 	tickets are $7-10 and are available for purchase online at imagescinema.org or at the box office. images cinema is located at 50 spring street, williamstown ma.	 	for  0 commentsread more >> williamstown aubuchon grand reopening marks company's 117th yearby tammy daniels , iberkshires staff05:28pm / friday, february 07, 2025tweet					will aubuchon, whose grandfather opened the company's first hardware store 117 years ago on friday, welcomes the community to the williamstown reopening. he says he goes to every opening.		williamstown, mass. — the newly remodeled aubuchon hardware store was celebrated friday on the company's 117th birthday. 	 	the event highlighted the company's core values: safety, doing the right thing, teamwork, commitment to serve, accountability, and growth and change. 	 	president and ceo william e. aubuchon iv, the fourth generation of the family enterprise, was on hand to congratulate the employees, cut a "chain" ribbon and promise the  0 commentsread more >> page 1 of  91 1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11 ... 91  













most readmost commentsall news
	blogroll	


holiday hours: presidents day >>new orchards owner looks to revive community... >>williamstown aubuchon grand reopening marks... >>weekend outlook: fall in love, laugh it up &... >>mount greylock district updates williamstown... >>williamstown's 1896 house back before board... >>williamstown seniors evacuated after... >>willamstown community preservation committee... >> 



clark art reflections gallery talk >>clark art offers school vacation week... >>williamstown's abc clothing shop... >>clark art presents gallery tours with... >>clark art screens 'girlfriends' >>clark art presents sensing nature... >>williamstown's 1896 house back before... >>clark art lecture by artist mariel... >> 





















legal notices

no legal notices 









photosview all slideshows

2025 north adams boys...the photos are from thursday night. the brackets are 3/4 and 5/6,...g basketball: lee vs mount...giana carlino scored 18 points wednesday to lead the lee girls...skiing: state nordic ski meetboth mount greylock teams took home a state championship from...b basketball: lee vs mount...joe abderhalden scored 18 points saturday afternoon to lead the lee... 


















williamstown.com text ads

crust pizza williamstownwe keep our menu simple and let the dough and other high-quality ingredients speak for themselves www.crustpz.com
ribco supply check out our great lineup of boss plows, and spreaders. 2 locations 
clarksburg & pittsfield!http:
community pharmacy narhberkshire community pharmacy at north adams, located in the lobby of north adams regional hospitalwww.berkshirehealthsystems.org
care closer to home!north adams regional hospital is north berkshire's choice for healthcare services - your hospital!www.berkshirehealthsystems.org
advertise on williamstown.com




























© williamstown.com - all rights reserved.home | news | education | arts | dining | events | green | real estate | sports | advertise

williamstown.com is owned and operated by: boxcar media 102 main sreet, north adams, ma 01247 -- t. 413-663-3384© 2011 boxcar media llc - all rights reserved









