



















































the mind of naota — livejournal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































naota_03
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














naota_03







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








naota_03

recent entries
archive
friends
profile
hudson valley anime club






10 most recent

previous 10



tue, oct. 11th, 2005, 12:25 am my color is black

it has been a while since i posted anything good here. well i am. i know that not to many people read this blog and i like it that way. i want to post some things that i cant really say on myspace, or xanga.well i have been busy to the point where i am at school most of the time and i don't see friends or family to often but that isn't a main issue. i am no longer single and i am happy but lately i have been depressed.  and it sucks balls and i don't know how to cope with it. i try getting my mind off of it but that isn't working. i cant really talk right now but i promise the next post will have more information.
current mood:  depressed
current music: fuck you

link leave a commentsun, jan. 16th, 2005, 07:17 pm 


you are 24 years old
   24  under 12: you are a kid at heart. you still have an optimistic life view - and you look at the world with awe.13-19: you are a teenager at heart. you question authority and are still trying to find your place in this world.20-29: you are a twentysomething at heart. you feel excited about what's to come... love, work, and new experiences.30-39: you are a thirtysomething at heart. you've had a taste of success and true love, but you want more!40+: you are a mature adult. you've been through most of the ups and downs of life already. now you get to sit back and relax.what age do you act?link leave a comment | 1 commentsun, jan. 16th, 2005, 07:06 pm sweet dreams

it has been a while since i have made my last rant. but i have been busy. however, i thought it is time for me to make a rant. as you can see the title of this entry is “sweet dreams are made of these!” so you can tell it has to deal with dreams.     i know this might seem overused and a bit clichéd but i must stress it anyways. why do dreams always end prematurely? i don’t know why but it is so disappointing. i mean your sleeping peacefully and having a nice dream and you happen to wake up before the best part happens. i mean i know life is full of up and down notes but why when you get a chance to rest it always has to end early. don’t you think is a bit unfair. i think that it has become so common that you don’t really care for what i am saying. but i do.     i  work almost 7 days a week, as well as holding a full time college career. my time i have for rest is a bit (how should i say) a prime commodity. i am usually up for more than 12 hours a day and i usually get  at most possibly 2-4 hour of sleep a day (but that’s is i happen to go to sleep at all). so when i do get a chance to sleep, i want to have a nice dream that last a while where it doesn’t end early.     you’re probably thinking i am a nutcase or a dumb-ass. but believe me i like to rest. when i have free time after studying and work, i like to watch television, play computer games and my favorite watching anime. this is how i like to enjoy myself.but the reason why i have said this is because i had a great dream last night. and i was pissed off that i had to wake up and end it. (wouldn’t you be pissed off too? i know that i am.)in my opinion, dreams can be a premonition of what is to come. i have had a few dreams and they have come true. but it was sort of like déja vous (spelling wrong but those fascist pigs at microsoft can’t make a spell checker that works properly.) anyways, this was one of the best dreams i have had in a while and i believe this one will come true.here is a minor description of this wonderful dream.            it took place in a japanese style bath house (in japan) after hours. while hanging out with the owner (a female friend of mine.) then it led up to an odd situation. that situation was that i was taking a bath in the male section while she (name unknown) came in asking if i could wash her hair and her back. i mumbled okay. and proceeded to do what she had asked gently. next thing i know is that she said if i hurried up and helped her clean up the bath house that she would give me a blow job (….wild tangent. i don’t have dreams of this nature that often so don’t think i am a pervert.) i mumbled something that didn’t sound like english or japanese. and then i started to help her clean the bath house. next thing i know the sexually explicit scene was about to start when i had to get up for work.     this blows balls big time. i mean you get to a good part in a dream and you cannot complete it cause of waking up prematurely. i am pretty sure that if i had fallen to sleep about 30 minutes to an hour earlier, i would have had no problem at all finishing this dream up. however, with my current luck the same ass shit would have happened.     anyways this currently ends this rant of dreams and starts the new rant of money issues. you know what i am talking about. you work hard for your money and all you get is heart burn.  yes heartburn that can melt metal.      well where i currently work i am making a hefty 7 dollars an hour at a health food store. ( i know what your thinking fat guy working in a health food store isn’t that ironic well it isn’t i am just a poster child for the fatkins diet.) anyways, since i am a full time student attending a college that doesn’t have any dorms which leaves me to commute everyday i have a bunch of debt. from 2200 for loans and 500 for credit cards, it just doesn’t add up. what ever i am making i have to pay for my cell phone bill and for gas to get up to school right there is about 185 dollars alone. not to mention paying back the money i owe for the credit card. my pay isn’t cutting it.     where i live, a one bedroom apartment costs approx 900 dollars a month, cable is high up there like 150+ a month, gas and electric is like 200+ a month. in order for a person to survive up here with just those alone you need to make 17.00 an hour just to live. that is not including food, car payments, insurance, and luxury items like cable, phone etc. i know it sounds bad and it is.      well my ex co-worker who now works at ibm is going to send me some information about a job with ibm. she says it is about 18.50 dollars an hour. i hope what she is saying is right cause i think i can get hired by ibm with my current qualifications. plus i know i can move up on the corporate ladder there. because i am a cisco networking student i might be able to get a job in their it department in the future. well hopefully this will work out well where i can get a job with ibm to support myself and my family until i get enough saved to move on out on my own.     well after i graduate i should be able to get a job with a minimum pay of 30 dollars an hour or more just for my qualifications. anyways that is if i can find a job that will offer that much for its it employees. if not i will open my own computer repair shop and hopefully try to make a small empire up in ny.     well it is time for me to get my lazy ass off of this chair at work and try to get some shit down. hopefully i have not bored anyone reading this long rant with over 1000 + words. peace and the lucky 2 middle fingers to all of ya and have a fucking a nice day.
current mood:  bitchy
current music: sweet dreams, marilyn manson

link leave a commentthu, dec. 16th, 2004, 11:52 pm argh be bukko

what up, i know it has been a while since i last posted. yeah yeah, ive been busy. if you don't like it. go fuck your self. i have been busy working my ass off. between school and work i have no time to myself. finally the semseter is winding down i can relax a bit. my main computer has died and i need to fix it so tat is a reason why i havnt posted. another reason no working operating systems on my machines but that is fixed now. exams started this week. i have passed cisco 1 and 2. i passed my linux class with an 100. i am waiting for my english grade and my math exam is next monday. its been to busy for me and i am tired so i am going to bed now. you might be lucky and i might write some more tomorrow.
current mood:  tired
current music: welcome to my night mare

link leave a commentfri, oct. 22nd, 2004, 03:51 pm no body knows

      its been a while since my last major post but i have been really busy. this past week i hade 1 final and 4 midterms. my brian is like all fried. so far i passed the final and 3 midterms but i am waiting on the last grade. not bad running an 85-95 average. that is good for me. yippy.      this week i also got a tattoo. it was a late birthday present that my uncle got for me. it is a nice sized grim reaper on my upper right arm. there is a lot of intricate details all over the tattoo. since this is my first tattoo i picked one with a lot of shadeing and a few colors. 2 types of brown, red,2 shades black. that was my first mistake. my second mistake was not eating before getting inkked. therefor i almost passed out on the bed because of lack of nutrition and wanted to vommit. however the overall experence is alright.       the easiest part is the outlining. that is not that bad. the coloring is a bit harsher but not as bad as the shading. that is where it hurts like a bitch. but overall i might get another one but still yet undecided. if you want to see a cruddy webcam pic just email me if you have it. or you can wait till i get my website running again and i will post it there. well i have to get going. need to make money for the rent peace.
current mood:  artistic
current music: modest mouse

link leave a commentmon, oct. 11th, 2004, 07:54 pm a day off

     it has been a while since i wrote a rant. lately, i have been very busy lately. school, work and driving on the new york state thruway. this semester i am currently taking 5 classes for a whopping 15 credits. i have a full schedule. i have a 3 hour math class that meets only once a week but the workload is high. i am taking one cisco class that worth 10 6 credits. it meets every tueday and thursday and that is the nut of my major. however, i don't mind cisco because i already taken these 2 classes so i can relax jus a little bit. i have an english class in which my english teacher is a total goof. i wrote an essay last semester that was an a+ and i handed it in again cause i had total writers block and she gave me c. that fucking pisses me off but i guess i should be greatful cause i was lazy so i am not going to complain that much. i am also taking operating systems and utilities, this class is nice becuase i am learning linux. i am  happy cause i am finally learning linux.      i have also been working my ass off. i am a supervisor so i have greator responsibilty. now, the funniest thing is that i am getting paid to do really nothing. that a plus for me. i get to boss people around but wow, there are only 5 employees. i am pretty leinant and i don't take advantage i just what i am told to do anyways.  i work 5 days a week and it take most of my free time. i need to work because i have a shit load of student loans, i have a cell phone bill, rent and various other thngs i need to pay for which is really burning a hole in my pocket. i don't mind if i have to pay for it. since i am a poor college student i usually buy cheap things. and when it comes to eating, i eat ramen soup or chinese food because it is dirt cheep up here. and that is my way of compating high priced living.     i go to suny ulster in stone ridge ny. it is a 45 mile drive from where i live. since i am that far away i have to take the nys thruway and it takes me 45 minutes to get to school and come back. i don't mind the drive but i am putting ~2000 miles on my car a month. that and gass is a killer that is about 40 bucks a week. sigh it sucks being poor. well i am tired and my hands are cramping. i will come back soon to rant. talk to you later. c-ya
current mood:  artistic
current music: rob zombie-pussy liquor

link leave a comment | 1 commentmon, oct. 4th, 2004, 12:03 am picked from sadistic squirrel

***would you ever...***go out with me?give me your number?have sex with me?let me kiss you?watch a movie with me...even a really sappy one?let me take you out to dinner?drive me somewhere/anywhere?take a shower with me?be my gf/bf?have a fling with me?listen to me if i called you crying even if you were out with all of your friends?buy me a drink if i didn't have money?take me home for the night?would you let me sleep in your bed?sing car karaoke with me?sit in the doctors office with me because i didn't want to go alone?re-post this for me to answer your questions?let me give you a piggyback ride?come pick me up at 3 am because my car ran out of gas in the middle of nowhere?link leave a comment | 2 commentssun, oct. 3rd, 2004, 11:42 pm i'd be back.

i know i havn't posted in a while but i have been very busy. i recently turned 19 and being a college student has my scheduled booked. between school, work and lives problems i havn't really had any time to myself. over the past few weeks i have been working hard that i have sat down and watch about 4 new anime series. some series that i have watch are old while others are pretty new. however, i watch them when ever i get the money to buy the series. i currently own, flcl, chobits, tenchi, neon genesis evangelion, big o, onegai techer, love hina and many more that i cannot name off the top of my head. i have currently finished the whole neon gensis evangelion series. this series might be about 5 years old but i know understand why they considered it the most controversial anime ever. it has many different meaning you should sit down and watch it in its entiritity like i did. i cannot, stay now cause i have some more work to do, i hope to post some more soon.! catch ya later
current mood:  blank
current music: creul angel thesis

link leave a commentsun, aug. 29th, 2004, 10:59 pm school starts

in officially 12 hours and 40 minutes, school starts for me so if you cant find me, tough im studing. if you happen to need to talk to me, you know my email addresses and or im accounts. time to hit the hay to make the day  nice and schweet.
current mood:  tired
current music: pink floyd the wall

link leave a commenttue, aug. 24th, 2004, 03:03 pm w00t

school starts in about 5 daysin about 5 days, i will be considered awol, mia, pos (not peice of shit either)(prisoner of school) again. so if you can not get in touch with me odds are i am studing and craming. i have a heavy schedule this semester and i am aiming for another 3.41 or higher gpa. i have just did a clean install of windows xp pro and my laptop is all ready for school. this time i was smart i made a ghost backup, if my machine crashes it can be quickly restored.  speaking of windows operating systems. i am going to be putting a poll up on my website, please feel free to answer.  well i have some cleaning to do peace
current mood:  creative
current music: under the bridge

link leave a comment

10 most recent

previous 10




































