














university system of maryland | hagerstown | usmh











      skip to main content
    













hagerstown's regional higher education center





social links


usmh on facebook


twitter


linkedin


instagram








search


search




















programs & universitiesall programsuniversitiesfrostburg state universitysalisbury universitytowson universityuniversity of baltimoreuniversity of maryland eastern shoreuniversity of maryland global campusacademics & admissionshow to applyscholarshipsfinancial aidtuitionclass scheduletranscript requeststudent servicesclubs & organizationsjobs & internshipsmental health servicesstudent food pantrystudent conduct policylibrarymilitary veteransamericorps: astartechnologytranslatecomplaint resolutioncampushours of operationparking & directionssafety & campus alertsstudent housingfacility rentalgivingbecome a partnergive to usmhabouthistorystaff directoryboard membersboard agendas & minuteseventsnewsusmh procedures manualemergency planusmh gear
























 
 advance yourself through usmhusmh is a regional higher education center in hagerstown, md. become a student with a partnering university and achieve your undergrad or graduate degree. find your program




















six universities. one local campus.




 




 




 




 




 




 





learn more


















get started today.
apply now




featured programs




usmh currently offers many undergraduate and graduate programs from six university system of maryland institutions.



 
education


 
computer technologies


 
health professions





undergraduate programs



graduate programs









we believe everyone deserves access to quality education.
financial aid











previous


pause


next







 
i am married and a mom to two kids and receiving the usmh scholarship alleviates a little bit of stress as there might be less of an impact on my family.   




 
i couldn’t be more grateful than i am now because the usmh scholarship has set me up for life. i don’t have to worry about student loans and not being able to do certain things.  




 
it was very rewarding to receive the usmh scholarship and it gave me the extra push to achieve my goals.    




 
“we all grew up in downtown hagerstown, i really wasn’t interested in going away to school and paying all those extra fees. i love that usmh is in my hometown.”  megan, lauren & caitlin




play 
shawnie bittinger, a student in frostburg state university physician assistant (m.m.s.) program, shares her thoughts on working in maryland after she completes her studies to give back to the community she grew up in.  




 
my time at usmh has been some of the best of my academic career!  the small class sizes let you actually get to know your professors and peers.  i've been able to thrive in this environment, and i can't say enough good things about this program.  i've been able to achieve every academic goal i've set for myself because of usmh.   nicole m. chew





012345



















newsview all news





usmh partners with ubalt to offer mba in fall 2025 read full article




washington county department of business and economic development & usmh receive equitech growth commission funding award read full article










upcoming events





february 27, 2025
2025-02-27t18:30:00

wcps art show, hosted by usmh
6:30pm - 9:00pm
usmh hospitality center




march 22, 2025
2025-03-22t10:00:00

fundraiser - creative craft room
10:00am - 2:00pm
creative craft room




march 28, 2025
2025-03-28t10:00:00

washington co - career expo
10:00am - 2:00pm
hagerstown community college - arc



view all events











let's connect!
usmh on facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram
































phone
phone: (240) 527-2060
fax: (240) 527-2742
address
32 west washington street
hagerstown, md 21740








menu


home


programs & universities


academics & admissions


student services


about


campus


giving


complaint resolution






quick links


contact us


emergency alerts


translate







apply now












website by wimbly stoke. © copyright 2022 university system of maryland at hagerstown. all rights reserved


social links
usmh on facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram

















×

















