







cherry grove marina - north myrtle beach sheltered cove




































 







		skip to content









phone: 843-427-7008 

email: cherrygrovemarina@gmail.com 






search for:





search
 




 












 





homeabout usservicesfacilitiestestimonialscontact us 

get a free quoteget a free quote 





 







 







main menu

 















 












welcome to 



cherry grove marina 



							cherry grove marina welcomes boaters to the most conveniently located marina in north myrtle beach/little river!						






get a free quote










explore our services











 
2201 little river neck rd, north myrtle beach, sc 29582















premier intracoastal marina 



cherry grove marina 



							situated directly on the intracoastal waterway, and within walking distance to two of the area’s top waterfront attractions, captain archie’s and filet’s, cherry grove marina is a convenient and enjoyable location for both long-term, transient and local boaters to moor their vessels. our marina is located just north of the captain archie neil “poo” mclauchlin (little river) swing bridge, conveinently allowing boaters to travel from the intracoastal waterway to the atlantic ocean without having to pass under the swing bridge.

we offer wet docks with water and electrical as well as services such as our travel lift, bottom painting and emergency haul out.						






more about us



















request a free quote 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.layoutyour name *your email *your telephone *boat size and make/modelsubjectyour messagecustom captcha * 




=

 



send request  












cherry grove marina 



your boat’s north myrtle beach home 











 



explores our  services 



							discover the marina facilities and professional boater services provided atcherry grove marina.						






our services











 



locations we serve 



							located directly on the atlantic intercoastal waterway at mile marker 347, our location can’t be beat.						






service areas











 



learn about us 



							as a reputable, family owned and operated marina we are committed to offering excellent service.						






more about us















why you choose us 



our facilities 



							cherry grove marina is a full-service marina and boat yard, located directly on the atlantic intracoastal waterway. we offer long-term, short-term and local boat docking.						










 




							wet slips						














 




							bathroom facilities						














 




							walk to captain archie’s and filets						











jet ski docks 


















 




							electric hook-ups slips						














 




							water hookups						














 




							marina store						


















get a free quote















what our boaters are saying 



testimonials 







lyle adams2022-12-14 




 5/5 




							jeff and cole and staff were extremely pleasant to work with. they were very accommodating and went above and beyond with the needed bottom painting and engine maintenance. if i could give 6 stars i would. they have a life long customer.						







alan myers2022-11-07 




 5/5 




							jeff and his team got us in and out for bottom paint in 2 weeks. great job good price. will call on them again if needed. thanks!						







bob farris2022-09-09 




 5/5 




							very efficient service and operation. excellent personnel & very accommodating.						











 







 







 










see more feedbacks















video gallery 



discover north myrtle beach/little river 








 




shot gun start at rumble in the jungle 








 




cherry grove point 








 




spring bike rally at captain archie’s 
















looking for professional boat services in cherry grove? 



							to receive a quote on docking your boat or service, please contact us directly. our marina concierge will ensure that you receive a complete and accurate quote based on your needs and boat details.						











contact us for rates & reservations! 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.layoutyour name *your email *your telephone *boat size and make/modelsubjectyour messagecustom captcha * 




=

 



send request  














 








 




homeabout usservicesfacilitiestestimonialscontact us 












 
cherry grove marina at captain archie’s (formerly anchor marina) was purchased and renamed cherry grove marina in 2019.

 



our servicesdustless blasting and bottom paint
pressure washing
blister repair
load and unload for transport
emergency haul out services
fiberglass repair
boat haul, block, and launch
short haul for survey
contractors available for mechanical repairs
 



quick linkshome
about us
services
facilities
testimonials
contact us
 



contact info2201 little river neck rd,north myrtle beach, sc 29582
phone- 843-427-7008
cherrygrovemarina@gmail.com
 

 









copyright © 2025 cherry grove marina all rights reserved.
 












































 

