


















salisbury hotel - the red lion hotel



























































						join us for our wedding open day on sunday 2nd march. more info					


advice & blog |
			contact |
			01722 323334







hotel

how to find us
hotel parking
faqs
things to do in salisbury
our history


bedrooms

classic rooms
superior rooms
executive rooms
suites
seamstress suite


dining

afternoon tea
vine restaurant
1220 bar
victoria lounge
the courtyard


weddings
meeting rooms
celebrate

parties
funeral receptions
baby showers
christmas


gallery
gift vouchers
advice & blogcontact
book now

menu
close







4 star salisbury hotel





valentine’s afternoon tea from 10th – 16th february





 




the red lion hotel salisbury


step into history at the red lion hotel salisbury, where we’ve been welcoming guests for over 800 years!
we proudly hold the title of europe’s oldest purpose-built hotel; unlike many others, our building has always been a hotel rather than being converted.
we’re certainly one of the most unique hotels in salisbury city centre, if not the whole of wiltshire.






the perfect location
we’re located right in the heart of salisbury city centre, just a five minute walk from salisbury cathedral.






if you’re planning a peppa pig world break at paulton’s park or looking for a hotel near stonehenge, the red lion hotel is the ideal place to stay as we’re just a short drive away.
our romantic hotel is able to accommodate weddings for up to 120 guests and is a licensed venue, making us your perfect wedding venue in salisbury.
with 60 feature bedrooms to choose from, the most famous afternoon tea in salisbury and a traditional restaurant and bar that’s been serving guests and local residents since the 13th century, we’re the perfect place to stay in salisbury.











rooms
explore rooms









dining
discover dining









weddings
explore weddings











book your stay




arrival






nights








adults








children









check availability













things to do in salisbury
read guide







latest news















7-feb-2025

how to plan an offsite meeting

read article















10-jan-2023

10 reasons to get married in april

read article















28-sep-2022

10 reasons to get married in october

read article







more articles










sign up for offers, news & competitions















first name
        *




last name
        *




email address
        *




what are you interested in?
        

  
 rooms
 
 food & drink







submit



δ



we take your privacy seriously, read our privacy policy to find out how we keep your data safe













visited salisbury for the first time for one night only and felt very comfortable staying at the best western red lion hotel. the service was excellent, staff very friendly and patient, the room facilities was great, very clean, comfy and i had no problems with operating amenities within it. the location was perfect within good access to the train station, town centre and main town sights.


great for first time and one stay










we liked our stay in this hotel. well located (walking distance from the cathedral and the market place), very friendly and helpful staff, the building is charming, and breakfast (included) is excellent. it’s a typical british country hotel, the building is old, but because of that has a kind of magic. our bedroom and bathroom were small but comfy. no elevator (lift). it has parking, 15 pounds the night. free wifi. the restaurant offers nice food, we had a very good pulled pork sandwich. portions are generous. breakfast as i said is very good, a buffet with different options (a lot of healthy ones).  we really enjoy our stay.


cozy hotel










really lovely stay. very friendly, helpful staff. lovely hot chocolate sitting in front of an open fire. food was great. rooms very clean. will definitely be back again and would recommend. 5 minutes walk to all shopping centres, cathedral etc.


fabulous hotel










each christmas my wife and i choose salisbury to complete our present shopping and always make it an overnight visit from friday to saturday. thus the xmas market, regular huge saturday market and fantastic shops are combined to magnify our experience. to make this a memorable event we always book way ahead to ensure we have a room and parking spot at the red lion. this is an ancient and historic establishment which offers the very best of accommodation and as was so this time, wonderful food. there it is, atmosphere convenience and excellence, what more do you want?


another year has gone.










this hotel maintains the original decor and feel of an old english inn. this is not your typical best western. the room was well appointed and the staff very responsive. i hope we can stay there again.


best hotel in salisbury

















how to find us
we’re located right in the heart of salisbury city centre, just a 10 minute walk from the train station.
best western the red lion hotel
4 milford street, salisbury,
wiltshire, sp1 2an
get directions






 




13th century hotel
city centre location




+44 (0)1722 323334
reception@the-redlion.co.uk
best western the red lion hotel
4 milford street, salisbury, wiltshire, sp1 2an







terms & conditions
privacy policy
all content © the red lion hotel 2025
website powered by freestyle digital


                registered in england & wales: 08777953. vat number: 175058400. registered office: 173 cleveland street, london, w1t 6qr
            














