































best campgrounds in tennessee + best places to camp in tennessee






















































 












skip to content



plan your vacationclub yogi rewards(opens in new window)franchise opportunities(opens in new window)gift cards(opens in new window)videosblog

search


facebook (opens in new window) instagram (opens in new window) tiktok (opens in new window) 






search







home








locationsattractions

water attractionsoutdoor attractionsindoor attractions
activities & characters

character bioscharacter eventsdaily camping activitiestheme eventsjust for kidslive music and entertainmentnational parks and natural wonders
ways to stay

cabins & yurtsrv & tent campingrv rentalsconveniences/camp store
promotions 



















best campgrounds in tennessee



















tennessee rocks!
at yogi bear’s jellystone park™ camp-resorts, we think that the word “best” means something special and memorable. we think that in today’s world, the best means standing for the old fashioned standard of excellence. some of the best things to do as a family is cooking under a campfire, sleeping under the stars and exploring new places and things! we also think that this is a part of what makes family camping so special.
with this in mind, if you live in tennessee or you have been wanting to plan a rv road trip with your family, then check out our jellystone park™ camp-resort in nashville. this park has many activities, especially during the summer months for you and the whole family to enjoy. this park offers dive in movies at the pool, gem mining, laser tag, mini golf, and a playground, making this one of the best places to camp in tennessee.
there are some great attractions nearby our park as well. located only 6 miles away from the park is the nashville sounds and the country music hall of fame & museum. our pigeon forge/gatlinburg park is the closest rv resort to dollywood and dollywood splash country – making it the perfect home away from home when visiting gatlinburg, pigeon forge, and the great smoky mountains national park. our resort-park in horn lake near memphis  is 13 miles away from beale street and 7 away from graceland. make sure to check out all the other campgrounds and see why we call our camping spots the best!
this best campgrounds in tennessee features cabin rentals, tent sites and rv camping. please find out why we consider our campground to be the best campgrounds in tennessee and make your reservation today!
















find a park







yogi bear’s jellystone park camp-resorts have everything you and your family need to make long-lasting memories. from pools, water slides, and splashgrounds to jumping pillows, wagon rides, and foam parties to theme events, s’mores, and of course, visits with yogi bear™ and his friends, family fun is always the main attraction at our family campgrounds! with more than 75 locations across the united states and canada, we make it easy to enjoy a quality camping experience that’s close to home.



earn free nights and free yogi bear merchandise!
sign up for free (opens in new window)



get offers and updates delivered straight to your inbox.
sign up now 













plan your vacationclub yogi rewards(opens in new window)franchise opportunities(opens in new window)gift cards(opens in new window)videosblog 



locationsattractionsactivities & charactersways to staypromotions 







pressroomjellystone park appresourceshistoryen españolcamping all year roundfall & halloween 



free directorynewsletter signupcontact uswebsite map 









©2025 jellystone park
yogi bear and all related characters and elements © & ™ hanna-barbera. (s25)
franchise opportunities(opens in new window)warnerbros.com(opens in new window)privacy policywebsite accessibility statement 
amenities, activities and character interactions, and accommodation options vary by location. 





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept





















locations
attractions

water attractions
outdoor attractions
indoor attractions


activities & characters

character bios
character events
daily camping activities
theme events
just for kids
live music and entertainment
national parks and natural wonders


ways to stay

cabins & yurts
rv & tent camping
rv rentals
conveniences/camp store


promotions
 

plan your vacation
club yogi rewards
franchise opportunities
gift cards
videos
blog
 




