


3 diamond harmony house inn benjamin ellis house bed & breakfast, new bern north carolina, romantic b&b





























































benjamin ellis house2311  259 252  




your subtitle here











home




find us




call us




stay with us






rooms





guest amenities





room availability





gift certificates





special packages





gift shop







about us






meet the innkeepers





the house-the history





testimonials





gallery







from the kitchen






breakfast





cooking classes 





candlelight dinner for two





guest amenities





recipes








our policies




events























































benjamin ellis house




bed & breakfastwhere historic charm & modern comfort meet





celebrating 40 years as a premier inn 





book your stay


























































three for two winter special- book three nights for the price of two. call to reserve your stay




offer valid january 20 to february 23 for new reservations. discount taken on lowest priced night.
































































located in the heart of historic new bern, north carolina, this restored property, originally built by benjamin ellis in 1853, has operated as a premier b&b since 1985. the inn has two ground-floor rooms and six second-floor rooms including two luxury king suites. rooms are equipped with private bathrooms including luxury bath amenities, internet access, smart televisions, usb charging stations and individual climate control. the unique duplex architecture of the house with four extra wide hallways enhances the private getaway ambiance for a restful guest experience. a full width front porch offers guests a place to enjoy morning coffee or to relax with a glass of wine at the end of the day. just four blocks from historic tryon palace and one block from the riverfront convention center, the benjamin ellis house bed & breakfast is steps away from quaint shopping, art galleries, restaurants and other attractions. free off street parking is available.





hi travel tales review




safe stay actions




gift certificates


























 










































our guest suites







the inn has eight guest rooms: three queen rooms, three king rooms, and two luxury king suites.all rooms have a private bathroom.each room, named for a north carolina river, offers a unique guest experience.






check availability


























































breakfast





a celebration of flavors await you each morning in our elegant dinning room..... savour delights from around the world including stuffed crepes with mornay sauce, tomato basil tart, praline french toast, bircher muesli, eggs florentine or grits souffle..





learn more













































enhance your stay






specials and packages










































celebration in new bern







celebrating an anniversary, birthday, other event? celebrate at the benjamin ellis house with dinner, flowers, chocolates the works...we do the legwork so you can enjoy the celebration. requires two consecutive night stay.










learn more











































last minute specials







check out our last minute specials and latest promotions here!january /february special: beat the winter doldrums with  our three for two getaway. requires three consecutive night stay.










learn more











































gourmet getaway







a perfect food lovers get away. enjoy a three course candlelight dinner for two prepared by the innkeeper, sample oils and vinegar at the midtown oils, then experience a hands on cooking class. with the innkeeper requires a minimum three consecutive night stay.










learn more











































discover new bern







discover highlights of new bern with this special package including a personalized walking tour through the downtown, entrance tickets to tryon palace and dinner for two at restaurant of choice. requires two consecutive night stay.










learn more






























































upcoming cooking with the innkeeper classes






check out the upcoming cooking with the innkeeper sessions available soon. classes have two person minimum and six person maximum. advance registration required. click here to learn more or call for more details.





learn more












































discover new bern & the inner banks














































history







from the founding of the carolina colony through civil war to modern day, discover the rich history of new bern and the inner banks. ​
























































outdoors







by foot, by wheels, by paddles by sail, by motor or by air, the inner banks has the outdoor experience you've been looking for. 























































arts





take in a show, take home local art, check out a gallery, visit a museum, meet the artists - experience the arts personally at the center of the inner banks. ​




































































some happy  guests - read more...







a most delightful experience! nothing left unthought of. our favorite b&b and we've done many!couldn't have been more comfortable, enjoyable, and relaxing. we'll be back!-oak island, nc






































































benjamin ellis house




harmony house innbed & breakfast 





215 pollock streetnew bern, nc 28560(252) 259 2311​benjaminellishouse.com





benjaminellishouse@gmail.com
































































benjamin ellis househarmony house innbed & breakfast




215 pollock street  new  bern, nc  28560 (252) 259-2311






































our partners

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































august is military appreciation month at harmony house inn











all active and retired military receive 15% off your stay at the harmony house inn!offer valid 1st august through 31st august 2018not valid with any other discount or specialsmilitary id or other proof of service required at check incall (252) 259 2311 for more information or to arrange your stay








































 traveling post pandemic






best practices to keep our guests safe







   back to top    










































safestay guidelines











with the roll out of the vaccine we wish to reassure those traveling to new bern we continue to follow recommended safe stay guidelines developed by the ahla (american hotel and lodging association) and the count on me nc protocols for ensuring our guests and staff are safe. all staff at the inn have received full vaccination and boosters. for added guest and staff safety, hand sanitizer and cleaning wipes are available in common areas.

















































social distancing











• inn's unique architecture with four 9’ wide hallways provides more than the recommended 6’ distance between the east and west side rooms• our numerous separate public areas – game area, library, parlor, front porch, dining room – allow for guest relaxation keeping a safe distance from other guests• our breakfast service is modified from the previous buffet service to a plated service• disposable cups/products are available upon request at the public beverage area

















































cleaning/sanitation











• masks, gloves, sanitizing wipes and hand sanitizer are available in common areas for guest use• dining areas are sanitized between each breakfast serving     time • daily room housekeeping is only available upon request. • touchless check-out and payment process is in place.​





























































