




the temple of the presence - ascended master teachings






















 




the temple of the presence® 



                 

                








 the temple of the presence®
www.templeofthepresence.org










 the temple of the presence 
a place of inner discovery
at the temple of the presence, we seek to help you solve the mysteries of life and answer the all-important questions of who you really are, why you are here, where you came from, and what you came to accomplish. what we offer are some of the keys you need to begin to understand the laws of the universe and how to apply these laws in your daily life.  continue
the real you
when you consider the circumstances of your life and world conditions, can you see beyond the chaos and confusion and find some meaning in it all? the key to unraveling both your personal and worldly dilemmas lies in how you think of yourself. there is a divine flame of life burning within each heart. continue

the ascended masters
you may never have heard of the ascended masters, but they have loved you for eons and have both sponsored your excursions into the earth and watched over each embodiment with the care and concern of a devoted parent. the ascended master most widely known is beloved jesus. but the ascension was not unique to only this son of god. many have glimpsed the edges of higher consciousness, pursued their vision, and are today ascended and free as ascended masters. you, too, can become as they are! continue

the power of the spoken word
and god said, "let there be light," and there was light. have you ever considered the true significance of these words? god sent forth the decree and light became a reality. as the individuality of your mighty i am presence, you have the ability to send forth decrees not only for your own well-being, but for the freedom of the earth and all who dwell upon her — and have those decrees become reality. continue

the violet flame
invocation to the violet flame is our greatest tool for expanding and enhancing our heart's tie with our very own i am god presence.  it is also our best resource for transmuting and healing all those negative conditions that currently plague our planet, as well as our personal lives. continue

 discourses and dictations
monroe julius shearer & carolyn louise shearer
"the ascended master teaching recognizes a great,
brooding, cooperative brotherhood and sisterhood, a family that shares the father-mother presence of the one god as a common source and that is motivated by that one god to serve the mankind of earth in various ways." continue







            © 2025 the temple of the presence, inc
            click to expand




        unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, audio clips, video clips, streaming audio and video, audio and video replays, news articles, documents, products, software, services and written and other materials that are part of this web site (collectively, the "materials") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned by, controlled by or licensed to the temple of the presence. none of the materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior express written permission of the temple of the presence. no part of the site, including logos, graphics, sounds, images, layout or design may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of the temple of the presence. you also may not, without the temple of the presence s prior express written permission, "mirror" any material contained on this site on any other server. any use of these materials on any other web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited.

    




















invitation to join the god star vigil


upcoming events

easter conclave and acropolis sophia 
april 16 – 27
acropolis pavilion photos 
youtube videos





dictations from the ascended masters
visit us on facebook 

morya house gallery
discourses & dictations 

latest wall posts!


online bookstore
new audio dvd album!


easter conclave

new ebooks available!



new french translations available!













 main menu
                    < br /> 



coming events
live broadcasts   sunday services, decree services, conference & acropolis video
recent replays  video & audio replays of live services
perpetual voice  round-the-clock replays of ascended master discourses & dictations

more broadcast links


live outreach broadcast


helicon broadcasting main page

audio archive
submit healing petition
torch bearer alchemy and visualizations
audio download instructions
technical support

youtube videos

dictations
introductory videos


broadcast explanation for new listeners
support helicon broadcasting




       make a donation
    



        manage account 
            update contact info
            create/manage recurring plans
        



god star vigil of thecentral sun 

introduction to the god star vigil
god star vigil main page
new vigil decree matrix
god star vigil decree pamphlet
chart of slot participants
vigil mandala




       conference registration
    



       acropolis registration
    


resources for onsite participants 

tucson travel information
desert awareness

preserving the sanctity of the sanctuary



fundamental teachings   principles of cosmic law

introduction to ascended master teachings

i am presence   

portrait of the presence
alpha & omega portraits
full-page animated portrait
the ark of the presence
the real you



decrees   

the power of the spoken word
the law of invocation
sample decrees
decree book



the violet flame 

the violet transmuting flame
violet flame discourse




spiritual hierarchy 

chohans 
archangels and archeiai
elohim

archangels, elohim & chohans




ruby chalice visitations 

the ruby chalice visitations
introduction
love
harmony
peace
faith



ascended masters  

who are the ascended masters?
the ascension of mother teresa
the ascension of pope john paul ii
kuthumi
jesus
el morya
saint germain
amerissis, goddess of light
lanello
archangel michael
archangel jophiel
archangel chamuel
archangel gabriel
archangel raphael
mother mary
../
archangel uriel
archangel zadkiel
kwan yin
lord ling
lord maitreya
the nameless one
lady master venus
vesta
mighty victory
goddess of purity
pallas athena
sophia
vesta


secret love star
the electronic circle
psychic quicksanddangers of psychic involvement & entrapment



the temple of the presence activity founding of the temple & its current activity

what is an ascended master activity?

founding of the temple  

history of ascended master activities
dispensation for the temple
forward to "i come bearing new wine"
"i come bearing new wine" by el morya 
"a new temple shall we raise" by el morya
the anointed representatives
an open letter to lightbearers worldwide
our reason for being
goals, purposes & objectives
mission of the temple



torch bearers ofthe temple  

torch bearer main page


                        saint germain inaugurates the torch
                        bearers
                    

an invitation to become a torch bearer
torch bearer application



acropolis sophiaascended master school of wisdom

acropolis sophia
psalms to sophia
wisdom: the high road of wise dominion
the lesser mysteries & the greater mysteries
wisdom & the mother of christ discrimination


                        hallmark of the ascended master way
                        of life
                    




services & celebrations  

sunday service
quarterly conclaves
wesak celebration
holidays


coming events

healing 

healing rosary
healing petitions
online form







archives  audio recordings and transcriptions and newsletters

voice from the temple and ruby chalice visitations
audio archive
selection of text dictations

ecclesia archive



contact  sign up for intro packets, email newsletter, or pose questions


main contact page
request intro packet
sign up for email news
facebook page



bookstore  audio dvds and downloads, artwork and books


bookstore home page
audio albums
decree books
artwork
books





                       









log in 
                        |     home 



english
español
francais
portuguese









