




siu news
















siu news


southern illinois university

news
southern illinois university |
saturday, february 15, 2025 


tactical navigation

for the media
news archive
contact us




navigation

menu


front page
in the news
accomplishments
points of pride
dean’s/grads lists















 

top story

 
siu carbondale’s new r1 designation reflects its breadth and depth of research. (top photo) microbiology student danielle snyder tends to plants growing in simulated regolith. (second photo) doctoral student magdalene pine adjei works on a project to examine congenital pituitary deficiencies. (third photo) associate professor jia liu and her students seek ways to remove pfas from groundwater. (bottom photo) assistant professor lahiru jayakody investigates how to turn waste plastic into food. (photos by russell bailey)


southern  illinois university carbondale officially among top research schools in the u.s.
southern illinois university carbondale today (feb. 13) has officially entered the ranks of the top research universities in the nation: it has been designated research 1, or r1, in the carnegie classifications of institutions of higher education.




more releases


more than 100 middle, high school students to visit siu for inaugural woodwind day 
more than 100 middle school and high school students from throughout the region will learn the nuances of playing woodwind instruments at the inaugural woodwind day, hosted by southern illinois university carbondale’s school of music on wednesday, feb. 19.




siu accounting students to provide free income tax preparation for public
free income tax preparation services will soon be available to community members and students at southern illinois university carbondale, courtesy of a group of specially trained volunteers. 




high school students coming to siu for regional science competition
about two dozen young scientists from throughout the state will arrive at southern illinois university carbondale in february for a two-day symposium highlighting their independent research.



siu’s southerntech research and business growth event postponed until march 4
due to uncertain weather and widespread illness in the region, the southerntech 2025: advancing siu research, building businesses, igniting smart growth” conference, originally scheduled for feb. 11 at southern illinois university carbondale, is being postponed until march 4. 




sign up now for siu’s feb. 15 love at first onsight climbing contest
southern illinois university carbondale’s popular, valentine-themed climbing competition, love at first onsight, returns to campus saturday, feb. 15, and registration is now underway.




‘phoenix’ dance concert debuts on siu mcleod theater stage, feb. 14-16 
a program showcasing the diverse dance talents of southern illinois university carbondale students and guest artists will take the mcleod theater stage feb. 14-16.




siu advertising expert: celebrities, nostalgia and ai highlight super bowl ads
the superpower of celebrities and the growing influence of artificial intelligence will be in front of millions of television viewers when super bowl lix hits screens across the nation on sunday, feb. 9, said bridget lescelius, an associate lecturer in southern illinois university carbondale’s school of journalism and advertising.




siu’s fermentation science student gets co-op position with st. nick’s
students with southern illinois university carbondale’s fermentation science program are putting their brewing skills to use through a new co-op program with a local beer maker that provides part-time employment and training opportunities.




siu carbondale, taiwanese university reach pact for aviation, other opportunities
southern illinois university carbondale and chaoyang university of technology (cyut) in taiwan recently entered into an agreement to promote collaborative academic, research and student exchange possibilities.




sign up now for siu’s 2025 little grassy songwriter retreat
calling all music fans who are songwriters or would like to be. the third annual little grassy winter songwriter retreat is coming to southern illinois university carbondale’s scenic touch of nature outdoor education center feb. 28-march 2, and registration is now underway.




siu carbondale awards full-ride chancellor’s scholarships to 35 high achieving students
thirty-five high achieving high school seniors are receiving southern illinois university carbondale 2025 chancellor’s scholarships, which cover tuition, mandatory fees, on-campus housing and food for four years.




siu’s ‘love at the glove’ 2025 set for feb. 14
the annual “love at the glove” valentine’s day art show tradition returns on feb. 14 with an exhibition featuring works from southern illinois university carbondale students, faculty and the community.



read more stories in the archive




siu today
what's happening on campus? inside news for siu faculty and staff.


this is siu

want more great stories from siu news? our blog provides a more personal look at the events, programs and people of siu. it includes student and faculty features, multimedia features and more for an intimate look at campus life. read this is siu



upcoming eventssaluki con2/15/2025
all day view description
saluki con
date: 2/15/2025

all day event

location: student center
 all day event - student center: prepare yourself for an unforgettable adventure at saluki con 2025! hosted in the heart of southern illinois university carbondale, this event is a celebration of the incredible worlds of science, technology, arts, humanities, and comics. whether you're a die-hard comic fan, a tech enthusiast, a lover of the arts, or a science aficionado, saluki con has something exciting for you.
more siu events »saluki con2/16/2025
all day view description
saluki con
date: 2/16/2025

all day event

location: student center
 all day event - student center: prepare yourself for an unforgettable adventure at saluki con 2025! hosted in the heart of southern illinois university carbondale, this event is a celebration of the incredible worlds of science, technology, arts, humanities, and comics. whether you're a die-hard comic fan, a tech enthusiast, a lover of the arts, or a science aficionado, saluki con has something exciting for you.
more siu events »noah brown, viola, graduate recital2/16/2025
7:00 pm - 9:00 pm view description
noah brown, viola, graduate recital
date: 2/16/2025

time: 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm 
        
location: obf 0104
 7:00 pm to 9:00 pm - obf 0104 
more siu events »view all events

point of pride
the first saluki center earned the 2021 silver excellence award in the first-generation student success category from the national association of student personnel administrators/student affairs administrators in higher education. the center also was named a first-gen forward campus by the center for first-generation student success in 2020. more points of pride






footer

southern illinois university, carbondale il 62901
p: 618-453-2121
email webmaster
privacy policy | eoe
©  
siu board of trustees
all rights reserved.
 
submissions
submit an announcement »
submit a calendar event »
 
connect

twitter
facebook
instagram
rss feed








