









ashe county arts council | home of ashe county's arts community
















































followfollow



336-846-2787



donate to the arts!













home
events

all events


special events

art on the mountain
auction for the arts
fiddlers convention
gallery crawls
ola belle reed songwriter’s retreat
on the same page literary festival
studio tour


visual arts

barn quilts
gallery exhibit
past gallery exhibits
ashe county murals


info

artist info & resources

jane lonon legacy grant
artist list
artist support grant
exhibitor information
studio tour – artists


about us

civic center


arts in education
contact us
donate
join email/newsletter list
volunteer












 















upcoming events




 artmix exhibit opening receptionartmix exhibit opening receptionfebruary 14, 2025 4:00 pm  580 wksk live old time and bluegrass show radio show: the dollar brothers580 wksk live old time and bluegrass show radio show: the dollar brothersfebruary 15, 2025 11:00 am  ed perzel chamber music series: appalachian state faculty ensembleed perzel chamber music series: appalachian state faculty ensemblefebruary 16, 2025 2:30 pm 





































view all events

news and resources







ola belle reed songwriters retreat early registration

the ola belle reed songwriters retreat is a weekend of songwriting with intention including workshops, lectures, song swaps, and more! 





jane lonon legacy fund grant application opens january 6 – march 7





in the gallery

retrospective exhibitjanuary 9 – february 8
join us for the opening reception of “retrospective!” saturday, january 18, 10 am – 12 pm, brunch style. free & open to the public. featuring works by local artists created before 2021.







appalachian tunes winter session



appalachian tunes traditional music lessons for adults will continue with an 8 week program beginning on january 28.







ashe community singers



calling all singers in ashe county! 
do you enjoy making new friends? do you enjoy making music with others? do you enjoy choral music? join the ashe community singers for our spring concert. rehearsals: mondays, 6:30 pm,  beginning march 3












visit our gallery shop

learn more










visit the ashe arts centerthe ashe arts center, located in downtown west jefferson’s arts district, is home to the arts council’s offices. the ashe arts center houses the gallery, a year-round exhibition space that showcases works of art by local and regional artists. the gallery shop features locally produced art and crafts. the restored stone building continues the legacy created in 1938 when it was built by the works progress administration as a gathering place for the community.











newsletter sign-up
you can subscribe here to get our latest news.





    
please enable javascript email marketing  by benchmark




 












contact info
303 school ave., west jefferson, nc, 28694336-846-2787info@ashecountyarts.orghours: monday-friday 10am-5pmsaturday 10am-4pm



followfollow





our mission
the mission of the ashe county arts council is to enrich the cultural life of the region.



support ashe arts your contribution to the ashe county arts council will allow the arts to flourish and grow in ashe county.
donate





quick links
events
gallery exhibit
ashe civic center
jam
volunteers












copyright © 2022 ashe county arts council



 


































