     ford dealer in barnwell, sc | used cars barnwell | b & b ford                                                                         b & b ford        sales 803-868-7777    service 803-868-8000  parts 803-868-7000      10476 dunbarton blvd.barnwell, sc 29812                      service        map        contact                      b & b ford           call 803-868-7777   directions                  home   new   search inventory   search electric vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   2024 ford maverick   ford protect   ev info   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under 30k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   certified pre-owned overview     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer service specials     service & parts    schedule service   ford pickup & delivery   service department   order parts   brake care advice   oil change advice   tire care advice   diesel repair specialists   battery service advice   general service     rentals   schedule service   tires   fordpass   rental information     finance   credit application    finance department   payment calculator   value your trade     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   the b&b difference   president's award   review us   contact us   hours & directions     research   model showroom   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford bronco   2024 ford explorer   2024 ford f-150                     home   new   search inventory   search electric vehicles   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   2024 ford maverick   ford protect   ev info   custom factory order     used   search inventory   vehicles under 30k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   certified pre-owned overview     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer service specials     service & parts    schedule service   ford pickup & delivery   service department   order parts   brake care advice   oil change advice   tire care advice   diesel repair specialists   battery service advice   general service     rentals   schedule service   tires   fordpass   rental information     finance   credit application    finance department   payment calculator   value your trade     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   the b&b difference   president's award   review us   contact us   hours & directions     research   model showroom   2024 ford bronco sport   2024 ford bronco   2024 ford explorer   2024 ford f-150                  






















   inventory search 60 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       
















get pre-approved











schedule service











view specials






















      search new inventory     search used inventory           choose your vehicle     mustang        mustang mach-e        escape        edge        bronco sport        explorer        expedition        maverick        ranger        lightning        f-150        super duty f-250        super duty f-350        super duty f-450              shop certified         why b & b ford? ford dealership in barnwell, sc if you're tired of driving around barnwell, south carolina, in a car that doesn't make you happy, it's time to start thinking about upgrading your automobile. while there are many dealerships in the area you could visit to shop for your next car, the best in terms of customer service and vehicle selection is b & b ford. we are a dealership that prioritizes providing our customers with a relaxed, rewarding car-buying experience, and our team can't wait to join you on your shopping journey. more about us        






2024 ford f-150
the embodiment of outstanding power
the 2024 line of f-150® pickups are giants of performance. and every one is engineered to take on the most demanding jobs. matched with impressive power ratings throughout the entire lineup, from the 3.5l ecoboost® v6® to the dominant 5.2l supercharged v8.
find yours








              disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                           disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                          follow us on social media                      


dealership hours
    monday 8:30am - 6:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 6:00pm    friday 8:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed    




     

find your car in a pressure-free environment
no one likes to feel pressured into purchasing a car that isn't right for them. we understand that you can't enjoy shopping for your next car if you don't feel relaxed, which is why we provide a laid-back, pressure-free environment where you can have fun searching for your automobile. shop with us once and you'll see why our customers come back to our dealership every time they need a new automobile.
in addition to our first-rate customer service, we also provide a fantastic selection of ford vehicles that should please every consumer stopping by our lot. we offer both new and pre-owned models and stock a wide range of popular ford vehicles, including the f-150 and f-250, bronco, explorer, and mustang. if you want to have a great time while shopping for your next automobile, your best bet is working with us.
trustworthy, knowledgeable technicians
dependability is the main reason so many consumers trust ford automobiles, but even the most rock-solid vehicle will need maintenance from time to time. when you need to schedule a tune-up for your car, truck, or suv, it's important to trust your vehicle to a highly qualified technician, which is just what you'll find in our service and parts department.
our maintenance team features both ford senior master certified and ford master certified technicians who understand the most important aspects of vehicle service and repairs. scheduling regular and emergency maintenance with our expert technicians means your vehicle will run the way you expect every time you hit the road.


dealership awards
our dealership was founded in 1934, and since that time, we have strived to give our customers a one-of-a-kind experience. our efforts to provide world-class customer services have resulted in us being honored with several awards, including the ford extensive service award, the small business award barnwell county, the humanitarian award barnwell county, and the ford top customer satisfaction regional award.
we are also a dealership that prizes supporting our community however we can. our team works with local law enforcement, churches, and schools, as well as participating in medical fundraisers and disaster drives.
invest in a ford automobile
finding the high-quality vehicle that will fulfill your driving needs is easy when you take a trip to b & b ford. we have served barnwell, sc, drivers for more than 80 years, and we would be honored for you to be our next customer. come see us today and enjoy unbeatable customer service while browsing a great selection of new and pre-owned automobiles.

    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures b & b ford | 10476 dunbarton blvd., barnwell, sc 29812 | sales: 803-868-7777 |                


















                