











towing louisville, car & heavy duty towing | greater louisville towing company



















  at&t users with no cellular signal, please email for service - dispatch@suburbantow.com 







car & heavy truck towing louisville

suburban towing









                        towing dept.
                    
towing dept.






                        impound dept.
                    
impound dept.







menu







                    towing
                
towing




homeauto servicesauto towingroadside assistanceheavy towingheavy recoveryheavy haulingmore heavy duty servicesmobile craneheavy roadside & cargohazmatreviewcontactcontactabout usjoin our team 









how can we help?

fast response to you

call now for immediate dispatch
 






call now
send my location
contact our team
get directions




        business partners
    


 








        our exclusive towing service can get
        you back to normal fast.
    








louisville’s towing, recovery, & heavy hauling pros







suburban towing has been louisville’s premier provider of 24hr car towing, heavy truck towing, heavy duty recovery, heavy hauling, and roadside assistance since 1969. we provide our services along i-64, i-65 & i-71 and throughout kentuckiana. with over 200 trucks and pieces of equipment in our fleet, including flatbed trucks, heavy wreckers, landoll and lowboys, you can rest assured that suburban towing has the tools needed to solve your towing issue. we are standing by now to provide fast towing, recovery, and roadside needs, so call our 24hr dispatch center at 502-964-6500 now to have a truck dispatched to your location.




trusted, local 24hr towing services


suburban towing is a local towing company that is committed to delivering expert, fast and affordable towing services, and roadside assistance in the greater louisville area. for over 50 years, we have been the premier towing service provider throughout kentuckiana. suburban towing is licensed and insured for your protection. trust us to tow your vehicle safely to your desired location.
learn more




24hr heavy towing louisville







suburban towing provides 24hr heavy truck towing throughout louisville and along i-64, i-65 & i-71 in greater louisville. we offer complete heavy duty towing services including semi-truck towing, work truck towing, bus towing, rv towing and more. our heavy towing team is committed to fast and affordable heavy truck towing and is prepared to serve you 24/7/365. call our 24hr dispatch center at 502-964-6500 to have a truck dispatched to your location.
learn more




louisville, i-64, i-65, i-71 heavy recovery







suburban towing provides heavy recovery service on i-64, i-65 & i-71 in greater louisville. our service area includes us 31, us 42, us 60, us 150 and all other roads and highways within kentuckiana. our team of trained and experienced towing and recovery operators provide fast and affordable commercial truck recovery for all trucks, trailers, and cargo.
learn more




heavy equipment hauling services







the heavy hauling department of suburban towing offers complete heavy haul transport for equipment and cargo of all sizes. with a fleet of multiple 5 to 9 axle trailers with jeeps and nitrogen stingers, we can accommodate super loads in states requiring special trailers. each trailer is modular in design and features beam capabilities and deck extensions as an added feature for customer requirements. suburban heavy hauling division can now transport machinery and equipment up to 80 tons to any point in the us.
learn more




commitment to community







suburban towing has been providing towing services for over 50 years and adheres to the highest standards in the industry. we are the trusted provider for many area auto and truck repair providers and area police departments including the louisville metro police department, bullitt county sheriff’s office, jefferson county sheriff’s office, indiana state police and the sellersburg police department.










            call now for immediate 
            towing & transport service 
            502-964-6500        








i was on my way to work. it was after midnight. i called several companies with this one actually answering they arrived within 1/2 hour. the man was so kind and even reminded me to get valuables out of car mainly because window wouldn't roll up. i highly recommend this company. and thank them for a job exceptionally done.breeze googlewonderful experience! fast and courteous service! 10/10 recommend! took time to explain what he was doing and not make me feel like an idiot :) i wish i would have got the gentleman's name.candy k. googlei was super pleased with the friendliness and professionalism shown. our tour truck trigger was on time, efficient, and super nice. they were having some communication issues but they were still really responsive despite them. the price for the tow was competitive and right what we were estimating, so we were happy with the service. we will definitely recommend and use them again!!ashley t. googlethis crew is awesome! we broke down on the highway. they helped us rig up our trailer to get it to their yard, stored it overnight for us, helped us find a hotel for the night, allowed us to work on our trailer in their yard, and let us borrow a few tools!! thanks for taking care of us!! paula t. google 










        business partners
    


 












service area





contact

suburban towing
                            1006 industrial blvd louisville, ky 40219
p: 502-964-6500
location











we accept

 









homeauto towingroadside assistanceheavy towingheavy recoveryheavy haulingmobile craneheavy roadside & cargohazmatreviewcontactabout usjoin our team




            copyright © 2009- lift marketing group - tow company marketing specialists - all rights reserved -
            terms of service - privacy policy
















