






 

















  news, sports, jobs - the nashua telegraph




















































×












telegraph
×

news

greater nashua & top headlines
community news
business & tech
crime
education
granite state
national
international


sports

local sports
local sports columnists
high schools
kids sports
national sports


opinion

another viewpoint
editorials
letters
local commentary


health & lifestyle
encore

arts and entertainment
food and drink


obituaries

obituaries
memorials


my account
sunday e-edition
jobs
classifieds
public notice
place notice
contact information

contact us
subscribe
advertise
statement of values
terms of service


submit news
 














 



login
subscribe

news
sports
opinion
life
obituaries
sunday e-edition
place notice







greater nashua
breakfast is booming at us restaurants. is it also contributing to high egg prices?





it's a chicken-and-egg problem: restaurants are struggling with record-high u.s. egg prices, but their omelets, scrambles and huevos rancheros may be part of the problem.

breakfast is booming at u.s. eateries. first watch, a restaurant chain that serves breakfast, brunch and lunch, nearly quadrupled its locations over the past decade to 570. eggs up grill has 90 restaurants in nine southern states, up from 26 in 2018. florida-based another broken egg café celebrated its 100th restaurant last year.

fast-food chains are also adding more breakfast items. starbucks, which launched egg bites in 2017, now has a breakfast menu with 12 separate items containing eggs. wendy's reintroduced breakfast in 2020 and offers 10 items with eggs.

reviews website yelp said 6,421 breakfast and brunch businesses opened in the united states last year, 23% more than in 2019.

in normal times, ...






where us adults think the government is spending too much, according to ap-norc polling





mcconnell tests the strengths and limits of his power opposing a trio of trump's cabinet nominees





judge sets a 5-day deadline for the trump administration to start lifting its usaid funding freeze





cdc to lose one-tenth of workforce under trump administration probationary job cuts




 

 
 




editor's picks










goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving







treasury watchdog begins audit of musk doge team's access to federal government's payment system







tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us







trump's pick for education chief sketches a roadmap for dismantling the department







what is known about the deadly january air crash between a passenger jet and u.s. army helicopter







hostages freed from gaza discover personal lives shattered by hamas







a look at pope francis' previous hospitalizations and health problems







bristling at 'gulf of mexico' name change on maps, mexico says it might sue google







german minister hits back against vance's complaints on the state of european democracy







how to watch the daytona 500 and what to watch for in 'the great american race'











new england




man whose wife was killed in a hippo attack in africa sues the us company that booked the trip


massachusetts top court rules karen read can be retried in her boyfriend’s death


judge in boston to consider latest bid to block trump’s birthright citizenship order


connecticut panel denies early parole for man convicted in 1991 slaying of state trooper

more new england


international




us defense chief suggests ukraine should abandon hope of winning all territory back from russia

austrian far-right leader's efforts to form a new government collapse
trump wants jordan and egypt to take in palestinians from gaza. here's why the idea is rejected
netanyahu threatens to resume fighting in gaza if hostages aren't released saturday
more international


business & tech




real estate transactions for feb. 15-16


new coal power plant projects in china hit the highest level in nearly 10 years, report says


can suspending a cage-free egg law solve the soaring price problem? nevada takes a crack at it


igloo recalls over a million coolers after handle hazard causes fingertip amputation injuries


more business & tech









poll

what are your thoughts on the new red sox vp of baseball operations?great hire.warm up the duck boats!better than bloom but not expecting much.it doesn't matter if they don't let him spend money.wake me up when they get out of last place.resultsvote brand builders


 

local sports







clutch win: desperate ‘hawks cool down broncos, 56-44


saber splash! souhegan boys capture division ii crown


hs roundup: south boys, bg girls roll; cougars end at 15-2


rivier roundup: women’s hockey wins; volleyball swept

more local sports


obituaries






lionel a. cardin


jack erwin greenleaf


marcia ann (tamulevich) fernandez


sandra l. (goodwin) teichmann

more obituaries


community news






red cross calling for donors to build up blood supply


grand kyiv ballet coming to nashua center for the arts on march 6


nashua center for the arts to celebrate second anniversary on april 1


united way of greater nashua launches reading united day of caring

more community news



arts and entertainment




movie review: marvel treads water with ‘captain america: brave new world’


‘saturday night live’ stars name their favorite sketches and reflect on show’s legacy


cacá diegues, renowned brazilian filmmaker and leading figure in cinema novo, dies at 84


tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

more arts and entertainment


national




salt lake city names leaders for 2034 olympic organizing committee

utah governor signs collective bargaining ban for teachers, firefighters and police unions
philadelphia turns green on valentine's day to celebrate super bowl champions
a timeline of activities of a cultlike group tied to the killing of a border patrol agent
more national


national sports




volivia miles' 8 3-pointers matches a team record as no. 2 notre dame knocks off pitt 88-57

vivek ramaswamy will kick off his bid for ohio governor in cincinnati on feb. 24
pat white, record-setting quarterback for west virginia, returns to mountaineers as an assistant
lauri markkanen scores 32 points to lead jazz past lakers 131-119
more national sports



more 








contact us
advertise
submit news
terms of service
twitter
facebook
instagram
 copyright © the nashua telegraph | https://www.nashuatelegraph.com | 110 main st, ste 1, nashua, nh 03060 | 603-882-2741 

























