









salt lake city brewery and restaurant - red rock brewery




































































skip to content































 



homebrewpubs downtown salt lake city downtown menu downtown to-go fashion place fashion place menu fashion place to-go park city park city menu park city to-gobeer storebrewerymerchandiserewardsjobsgift cards










 









































salt lake city brewery & restaurant





























brewpubs



downtown | fashion place | park city


















beer store



buy it cold & fresh


















our beer



discover red rock beer styles


























































quick restaurant menus























downtown menu







downtown salt lake city
254 south 200 west
salt lake city, ut 84101
801-521-7446










fashion place menu







fashion place mall
6227 south state
murray, ut 84107
801-262-2337










park city menu







park city junction
1640 w. redstone center
park city, ut 84098
435-575-0295




































take out & delivery available











downtown - fashion place - park city junction







downtown  to-go








fashion place to-go








park city to-go


































great people - delicious food - award winning craft beer
view jobs at red rock











































follow the @redrockbrewing on instagram for daily updates, brewpub specials and beer release announcements.











































what's new at red rock brewing
































ono – bourbon barrel aged stout 
“ono” is an opulent 10% abv bourbon barrel aged imperial stout infused with toasted coconut and coffee. it’s black as midnight and pours with a dense, creamy head. ono greets you with an aroma of coconut and roasted coffee beans, intertwined with notes of rich cocoa, and bourbon-soaked oak. bourbon barrel aging imparts layers of…
read more → 
















secale 2024 now available 
you can enjoy this storied beer at all red rock brewing locations starting today! secale by red rock brewery is a bold doppelbock lager aged in first-run, rye whiskey barrels. doppelbocks are known for their rich malt character and full body. as it rests in the rye whiskey barrels, secale absorbs delicious layers of complexity.…
read more → 
















fresh pickin’s wet hop lager 
hop to it! red rock’s fresh pickin’s – a limited edition wet hop lager awaits oktoberfest lagers are fabulous, and pumpkin beers are delightful. but fresh, wet-hopped beers can make a beer lover squeal!  they’re a special and fleeting treat – here for a good time, not a long time. fresh pickin’s is a standout…
read more → 
















above the clouds double ipa 
above the clouds is a modern west coast iipa. it pours a clear yellow color and has a beautiful floral and candy like aroma. flavors include berries, citrus, stone fruit, and a hint of pine. the bitterness has a very soft edge that quickly dissipates, leaving behind a lingering citrus flavor. this beer is light…
read more → 
















forbidden fruit series – p.o.g. 
the history of p.o.g. began in the 1970’s, when haleakala dairy on the island of maui first created a vibrant juice blend of passionfruit, orange and guava.  this trio of tropical delights quickly became one of the most popular drinks on the hawaiian islands. it’s no surprise that this tangy fruit combination blends perfectly with…
read more → 
















why so serious? 
sports.  they bring out the best in us.  they bring out the worst in us. in a little over 48 hours, someone’s day will be ruined while another jumps for joy. people take sports so seriously.  but why? red rock’s newest ipa poses more questions than answers.  what we do know is this: it’s an…
read more → 



































the utah craft beer scene is booming and nobody represents the full spectrum of utah’s best craft beers than red rock brewery in downtown salt lake city, utah.






red rock brewery opened its doors on march 14, 1994.  from the very beginning, we set out to brew high-quality craft beers and serve delicious food.
red rock brewery has earned a national reputation as one of the most creative breweries in the country. our beers have received more than 100 regional and national awards and our restaurant has been named ‘brewpub of the year’ by brewpub magazine and ‘large brewpub of the year’ by the great american beer festival.
locally, the original brewpub has become a staple of salt lake city’s downtown dining scene. red rock has opened additional restaurants at fashion place mall in murray, utah, and in kimball junction near the resort community of park city, utah.
our park city restaurant features a taproom to watch the game while you have a local craft beer. our curated menus offer the best steak, wood-fired pizza, seafood, pasta, burgers, salads, small bites, and dessert, as well as a full liquor and wine menu.
all locations offer to-go food for takeout and delivery. we are committed to maintaining the highest health and cleanliness standards in our dining rooms.
in 2011, we expanded our brewing capacity with a dedicated production brewery to support our restaurant growth and to expand the availability of our beers to local pubs and retail locations.
we produce more than 30 core, seasonal, and special release brands of beer that can be purchased either directly from the red rock beer store, at utah state liquor stores, at our restaurants, harmon’s grocery stores, and many other locations throughout utah.
stop into the red rock beer store and find seasonal and limited-release beers.
red rock brewing company has brewed the best beer in salt lake city and has been your favorite lunch, brunch, and dinner spot for 27 years!
cheers!

































 










copyright© red rock brewery 2022 work at red rock
 

















