

home























 

 
		 
 
		 
 


 











★★★ click here for our latest closeouts and specials! ★★★
2019 baseball / softball special2019 basketball special



due to supplier’s raising prices (3 price raises in 2 months) we are unable to update our prices as quickly as we would like on our site, so please call or email to confirm our prices on our website.






















    
				i started my business in 1981 and after so many years in 
				business, i feel like service is the most important thing a 
				company can have.  at my company, i am the one who will answer 
				the phone when you call, how many times do you get to talk to 
				the owner of a company?  so many times you talk to sales people 
				or people who do not know the business very well.  here at my 
				company you can talk directly to the owner.  there are times 
				when i am on another line or out delivering trophies, but if you 
				need to speak with me just leave me your phone number and i will 
				call you back.  

   
			thanks so much for visiting my site!  
don doris 
doris brothers trophies, inc. 

 on large orders, we will deliver the trophies, set the trophies up 
			for you, hand the trophies out for you and also supply an on the 
			spot engraving service where individual names can be added to the 
			trophy!  we will go any where in the continental united states. call for details.

 800-582-8595 
 attention:  customers can text questions to 618-292-2193 and 
			will be happy to answer any questions you might have.

  
			ordering information:

 orders are 
				normally shipped within 3 business days, we can do same day 
				service if we have to in order to meet your needs


  style, size and the figure 
					you want on the trophy 


  what color do you want the 
					trophy  


  what do you want engraved 
					on the trophy  


  what is your shipping 
					address  


  please enclose your phone 
					number so we can call you for a credit card when we get the 
					trophies ready to be shipped 







 official trophy 
		company of:
 
 

north 
		american youth sports
  
  xtreme spirit cheerleading

 north american sport karate

 jack roller’s – world of wrestling

this site is dedicated to 
		our parents:

  frank a. doris – 
			army veteran 
			– illinois 
			state trooper killed in the line of duty may 27, 1967 
			gennell doris – navy veteran – passed away may 22, 2000

 




 


 
 
		 
 
		 
 
		 
 

   
a+ 
	rating
leave a review on our bbb business 
	review and let us know about your experience with us, click on the bbb logo 
	above to access our bbb page to leave the review.  we appreciate your 
	business!
 

site map










phone: 800-582-8595 or 
	618-723-2611 email: sales@dorisbros.com
copyright ï¿½ 2004-16 by 
	doris bros trophies













