







penn credit corporation






































































































        client access portal
      

              services
            

              markets
            



        payment / my account portal
      

              consumer faq
            

















































client access portalservicesmarkets







service integrity results




payment / my account portalconsumer faq









scroll






 

collection specialists since 1987penn credit is a nationwide accounts receivables management firm. for over 30 years, we have recovered monies owed our clients quickly and efficiently in a respectful and professional manner. 

  











servicesuccessful collection programs rely on two core components: an experienced, knowledgeable, and well-trained staff and the use of state-of-the-art technology.













integritypenn credit’s services are provided in a compliant and respectful manner, adhering to all industry regulations and the code of ethics of aca international.













resultspenn credit has the resources, experience, and know-how to devise a customized receivables management solution that fits both your needs and goals.

 











headquarters 2800 commerce drive, harrisburg, pa 17110

 




 

valuesaca code of ethicspenn credit’s employees adhere to the code of ethics policy published by aca international, the premier trade organization for receivables management firms worldwide.collector's pledgethe aca collector's pledge is a voluntary, personal commitment to treat consumers with dignity and respect in every aspect of their work. it is a reflection of aca member values and the paramount importance to adhere to professional practices. all penn credit staff adhere to the pledge and it is posted throughout our contact centers:i believe every person has worth as an individual. i believe every person should be treated with dignity and respect. i will make it my responsibility to help consumers find ways to pay their just debts. i will be professional and ethical. i will commit to honoring this pledge.— aca collector’s pledge

  

we believe penn credit‘s success lies not only in espousing the following values, but honoring them in every action, transaction, and decision we make. ethical — doing what is fair and rightreliable — keeping our word and earning each other’s trustresponsive — addressing needs of others quicklyrespectful — being courteous and showing regard for othersexceptional — providing the highest quality

 









home top



home bottom








 



penn credit corporation
2800 commerce drive,
harrisburg, pa, 17110,
united states
(800) 800-3328
marketing@penncredit.com


hours














disclosurescontactcompliance and ethicsprivacy policycareerslinkedin










