






central florida gliders – central florida gliders track & field and cross country club – serving altamonte springs, orlando, apopka, maitland, winter park, lake mary,casselberry, longwood, eatonville, winter springs, sanford, ocoee, oveido

















































 




skip to content











home
about us

press releases
accomplishments
coaches
club records
sponsors
volunteers
fundraising
community outreach
alumni


programs

track and field
cross country


galleries

cf facebook gallery
gallery – cross country
galleries – track & field


practice schedule
faq

fartlek
places visited
sponsors
fundraising
favorite links


registration

online registration


make a payment
contact us
 

search for:



 























welcome to the central florida gliders
"making a difference in the lives of central florida's youth"


welcome to the central florida gliders, central florida's oldest track club, noted for developing youth runners. our track season starts in february with sign-ups in january; and the cross country season starts in september with sign-ups in august. practices are in altamonte springs primarily at the lake brantley high school track and sanlando park. 
we practice monday, tuesday & thursday (and a few saturdays) picking up the high school students at the end of their season to attend national competition with the club. go to the programs tab on our web site for more information on track and cross country.


usatf club number  468aau club number     w3df53
parent handbook


gliders team store


















gliders in the newsplease go to our about us page for press releases and season summaries.
 
seasonstrack & field season: january – july
sign-ups: january - may
cross country season: september – december
sign-ups: august – november
conditioning :  january - december
sign-ups:  january - december
shelly-ann fraser shoutout to the gliders
tyson gay shoutout to the gliders
congratulations coach wise!
congratulations to our executive director and head coach, craig wise for being inducted in the seminole county sports hall of fame for the work he has done with youth and the central florida gliders track club #kudos #hardworkpaysoff
 







follow us on facebook cf gliders on facebook

 mission
the purpose of the central florida gliders is to motivate the athlete to aspire to achieve leadership, discipline and integrity through the sport of track and field and cross country. the individual who makes the attempt is as much a part of the group as he or she who may attain the highest level of achievement. no one rides the bench!

 upcoming races:
click here
###
check your junk folder and notify us if you are not getting weekly emails from us.
###

seasons: track & field
 feb – jul
sign-ups:
jan - may
cross country
 sep – dec
sign-ups:
aug – oct

practice locations sanlando park
401 w. highland street
 altamonte springs, fl 32714
(pavilions on the right as you enter)
lake brantley high school
991 sand lake road
 altamonte springs, fl 32714
(west entrance - gym & field)

sponsors

















 central florida gliders track club, inc. 
po box 161965
altamonte springs, fl 32716-1965













		© 2025 central florida gliders	

designed by themeboy 






















