




carolyn mcmanus pt, ms, ma – public and professional mindfulness training – mindfulness physical therapy, pain management, rehabilitation












































carolyn mcmanus pt, ms, ma – public and professional mindfulness training

mindfulness physical therapy, pain management, rehabilitation






home
about
professional programs ››

continuing education courses


public programs ››

online meditation instruction
poems & quotes


guided meditations ››

direct downloads
listen now


blog
contact
 


























carolyn mcmanus, pt, mspt, ma
professional and public training programs in mindfulness





 













to be mindful is to be aware of your present moment experience with attitudes of acceptance, friendliness and curiosity.







professional programs
research indicates mindfulness training improves health outcomes in patient populations. in addition, healthcare providers trained in mindfulness report reduced stress, burn-out, depression and anxiety. they describe increases in self-awareness and an improved ability to listen and respond effectively to patients. learn about carolyn’s continuing education programs for professionals and her research blog.







online mediation instruction
mindfulness training offers a practical approach to living life fully with all its joys and sorrows. it helps us respond to life’s challenges with stability and skill and discover our innate capacity for wisdom and love. being mindful enables us to thoroughly enjoy and appreciate the goodness in our lives. learn about carolyn’s online mediation instruction.
















guided meditations from carolyn mcmanus




listen now or choose from 6 direct downloads
carolyn integrates her experience in mindfulness, physical therapy and rehabilitation in these popular guided recordings that enable you to develop your mind-body relationship, quiet a busy mind, and achieve states of physical relaxation and mental calm. they make the process of learning to relax or meditate easier for beginners. for those with previous experience, they add to and advance your practices.
























back to top
















