



b.t.s.













celebrating service since 1979! 




		 
	




this site last changed on:
january 21, 2025




  

  
  


ordering information
 
 order form in pdf format

  
  
  



1782 trinity rd * belington, wv  26250-7621

 phone: 304-823-3729   ***   fax: discontinued 
 phone hours:  10:00 am - 4:00 pm est         monday-friday
note - we are strictly mail order.  we do not have a show room.




e-mail - bill@btsrr.com - 24-hour access




 full catalog in pdf format
            
 price list in pdf format

full catalog download is about 5mb      ***   
  mailed catalogs are $9.00 






ordering info & policies
      


general info about our kits

 order form in pdf format





good news!
  
this being my 46th year in the hobby business, the good news is growth continues.  a total of 32 new kits were added 
to the ho, s and o scale lines in 2024, and more coming!  right now, 
the number of available kits stands at . . .


    191 - ho scale kits
    132 - s scale kits
    190 - o scale kits
    5 - tt scale kits
and hundreds of detail parts. 

  
i greatly appreciate your continued support as we all look forward to having more fun together as we forge ahead into 2025!

  
thanks, and take care,
bill 




new one-niters ho, s and o scales!

four new ones have been added to all three scales.
 and s scale picked up three the other scales already had!


one-niter page



   


newest releases


 in o scale!


needing an oil storage for loco servicing, john mccabe found on old wood tank car and created 
this complex complete with pump house and oil column.


mccabe wood oil tank




   


an old camp car was taken off its trucks and modified into an office complete with a bunk room.


mccabe rail facility office




   



in stock for ho, s and o scales!

the houses in the 2nd series needed a garage.  drawing for this single-car garage have 
been getting dusty for too many years. no more!


single-stall garage





   


available in ho and o scales!


this single-stall engine house is designed for standard gauge locos. and gives the modelers
many options!   


single-stall engine house





   


oh, why not!


wizard water works vat car

now is the time to build the cars that will bring the mountain water to the upcoming wizard 
bottling plant. 


inspired by one that ran on the central pacific,  this 34' truss rod vat car is now available in ho, s and o scales. 





   


private train sale
  
here is a link to the lists of my personal trains stuff  in multiple scales that i have decided to sell.  
this stuff has been locked away in storage
for too many years, and it is now time to let someone enjoy it.  

since it is my personal stuff and not part of b.t.s., there 
are some different ordering requirements which are explained on the link.  more stuff will continue to be added as i dig through
several storage buildings to see what all is there.  

check the list often!! 



bill's personal sale link

   


 yes!    i wrote a book!
 
   actually, i've written two, the third is nearing production, and the next one has been started! all are inspired 
by my service with the naval investigative service while in the navy.
 
   and no, i didn't take time away from b.t.s. to do it!  my writing time is late at night after a full day creating, packing, and shipping kits and parts for you to enjoy.

   softcover, hardcover, and ebooks are now available at amazon, barnes & noble, etc.

softcover and hardcover versions are available to order direct.   happy to inscribe and sign it, if you like.

please take a moment and click the link below to read the synopsis and/or order online. 


fair winds of death




the second book,  fair winds of deceit,
 is available in softcover, hardcover, or ebooks at amazon, barnes & noble, or signed copies are available direct from me. 


the third book,  fair winds of doubt,
 is available in softcover, hardcover, or ebooks at amazon, barnes & noble, or signed copies are available direct from me. 

and the next novel is already underway for release later this year . . . assuming all goes well. 

 hope you enjoy the continuing adventures of nis agent marcus j. colt! 

thanks!
bill 


   



  
mccabe sawmill series in ho, s, and o scales!


   










 
encore series - ho & o building kits    


structures - ho, s, & o craftsman building kits    


quick jump to the mccabe series - ho, s, & o logging kits    


quick jump to the american civil war series - ho & o kits


car shops - craftsman car kits


loco & car details - ho, s, & o scale


details - ho, s, & o brass and white metal parts


detail clusters - more ho white metal parts


one-niters - ho, s, & o simple kits


tt - tt craftsman kits

 

attn: hobby shops! - how to stock b.t.s. products




all b.t.s. products are intended for adult modelers and are not intended for use by children 
under the age of 18.  

note.... the footprints listed are in scale feet. to convert to inches, divide by 7.25 for ho, 5.33
for s, 4 for o scale, and 10 for tt scale. 


and for some other railroading sites, try....



 floquil conversion table 
 - all our kits specify floquil.  since they are gone, here is the closest matches from other companies. 




 o scale resource



 o scale central

 nasg 
 - national association of s gaugers











we thank all of our troops for their continued fight in the war on terror! keep up the good work, and 
keep your head down!! 

bill & diane

"these are the times that try men's souls. the summer soldier and the sunshine patriot
 will, in this crisis, shrink from the service of their country; but he that stands
 it now, deserves the love and thanks of man and woman." - thomas paine


"all that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing."  edmund burke
(some say burke did not say it.  i don't care who said it; it is still a great phrase!)

















years have passed,but the memory, anger, and determination are still strong. 






visits since april 10, 1997: 






























this site is always under construction!    ---    please keep watching!










© 1997-forever -- all rights reserved









