




the famous company - home page









home page





welcome!
welcome to the famous company, one of the most advanced, diversified, and 
surprising enterprises in the world. we think you'll be astonished by the 
breadth and scope of our planet-wide activities.
for example, our logo 
(above left) shows one of the many all-black stealth space shuttles built and 
operated by the famous company.
 
 
mission statements
we provide our clients with imaginative products and services you simply 
can't get anywhere else.
we provide our employees, 
many of whom are named patrick, with opportunities to pursue their interests 
without regard for cost or feasibility.



company profile
the famous company is active in a number of areas:

we make bug-killing stuff®.
our planes go as fast as the speed of light.
visit any year you want with our 
      timechairs. in fact, we recently 
      visited dinosaurs in the jurassic era.
we chase tornados and clean up 
      afterwards
we study volcanos with our sensors.
our 
      space shuttles make diamonds in space
we make "patrick of doom" 
      and other custom yu-gi-oh cards
we have some comments about 
      president bush's proposed journey to mars
we tell people about black holes. 
      they are scary!!
we discover new elements, such as 
      unbelieveium.

facilities
our high-tech building is at an unspecified location, at the base of a 
    major volcano. there is a wall in back to deflect the lava.
     the whole building sinks underground in case of a 
    tornado. that way we don't have to go in a storm shelter or anything, and we 
    can keep working.
 
how to reach us

    telephone 
407-354-0199. don't call 
    between 3 and 5 pm est, since we're napping.
    electronic mail 
 






 
recognition
the famous company has recently been listed in a few 
    internet directories. we would like to thank the following companies for 
    their recognition:


    open directory project (dmoz)
kids net australia
- non-profit, volunteer-operated search engine for 
    kids. sites listed are "fun, educational, and child safe."
coolcraftsites
- "the cool site to find links to crafts and 
    family-related information"




flash! famous company 
    scientists have just discovered the mysterious element 119,
    unbelieveium. this exclusive photo of 
    the nucleus shows how the subatomic particles are arranged.  
    






 


  copyright © 
2001-2006 
the famous company
 
last modified: 
02/20/07
 






