





synergy promotions

















































































are you registering for jobs in the uk or ireland?



uk


ireland









do you have a valid irish/eu passport?


yes


no








do you have a valid passport & right to work in ireland?


yes


no








do you have a valid uk passport?


yes


no








do you have a valid passport & right to work in the uk?


yes


no








unfortunately we cannot progress with your application at this time


ok












tell us about your requirements
do you need help in the uk, ireland, or both (please select)




united_kingdom_in_the_british_isles











hiddendo you need help in uk or ireland or both?*

uk


ireland








what is your enquiry about?enquiry type*


airport retail staff



brand ambassador



event staff



luxury permanent recruitment division



other enquiries



social media management



 




what area would you like to enquire about?sector type*


beauty & fragrance



liquor



confectionary



 




what area would you like to enquire about?sector type*


high street



travel retail



bespoke



 




how to reach youcompany name* contact name* email* phone number* additional requirements
  

















 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footersynergy promotionshome
careers

active roles
register
our culture


about us
what we do
news
contact us
login
quick quote







        
        sorry, your browser does not support html5 video.
    
    





our people
your brands • creating unique experiences • together









why us?
our people are at the heart of everything we do
we like to ensure that our clients are equipped with the best talent to achieve the best results to elevate their brand across a very competitive marketplace. we pride ourselves as being different, we won’t promise you the moon and the stars but we will promise you that we are passionate about creating a positive exposure for your brand. we continually push boundaries to excel in everything we do. we have worked hard to ultimately grow our position as leading industry experts and are proud of the meaningful relationships with clients we have built along the way. we love what we do and are passionate at finding the best talent to elevate brands and connect them with consumers. we are an independent, highly innovative travel retail staffing agency on a mission to succeed in each campaign, brief or client partnership.


latest jobs
our culture













our business partners include



































































 

who we work with
learn more












our locations
we work throughout all major airport locations across the u.k & ireland.
click below and check out our current locations.
 
view our locations











twitter
twitter feed is not available at the moment.


instagram








latest news


new products

ian macleod distillers’ edinburgh gin – recently launched a dufry exclusive for the first time and we were lucky...
read more


new brand ambassador

sometimes amazing opportunities come along in airport retail. in october 2018, sukitha went from a promotional consultant to becoming...
read more


a day in the life

starting to work in an airport can be a daunting experience, we caught up with the beautiful sushma who...
read more










footertelephone: 028 9047 4710
email: info@synergypromotions.co.uk

building 3
212-218 upper newtownards road
belfast
bt4 3et


terms and conditions  |  privacy
copyright 2019
website by fourteen forty























































































