






playground 













































playground 



video background


home


the team


our process


creative ads


contact















video background/
home/
the team/
our process/
creative ads/
contact/































creative production
videos. artist. creativity. fashion











video background/
home/
the team/
our process/
creative ads/
contact/























turn your happy customers into powerful video stories that drive real resultsserving san francisco and all of northern california, we specialize in video testimonials and branding videos that help grow revenue, attract more visitors, and boost your seo. 











 

why sapphire ventures?





 

scribe therapeutics





 

simpplr | modern work





 

vip color | printed labels





 

square panda | parents





 

whole foods & inkling





 

vip color | penumbra





 

interview | sapphire ventures  + huntress





 

interview | sapphire ventures + collectly







- meet the team - 






featured

























palvinder jagait






chief creative officerwith over 15 years in marketing, branding and storytelling, pal will ensure your videos have a clear goal and accomplish it!


























ik jagait






creative directoran experienced storyteller, ik will help hone the customer's message to create a powerful story & video.


























mj vallejo






head of productionwith over a decade of production experience, mj guides the team to ensure everything goes perfectly on shoot day.











 


“helping your potential customers cross the finish line in the sales process.”


 











testimonials are the best way to help potential customers cross the finish line during the sales process. with over 15 years of experience, playground studios has a unique approach that not only creates a captivating video with a powerful story, but also ensures that your video gets results. it all begins with us understanding your goals and the message you want to communicate to viewers. after going through a few questions with you, we begin preparing a question sheet that will help our interviewees tell a compelling, clear story.




    learn more about our process
  



frequently asked questions








            why is a video testimonial effective?
          










when you have a potential client in the pipeline, not yet willing to pull the trigger, they need just a slight push… but you can’t be the one to nudge, it’d be too pushy. who do you call? your very happy current and past clients! always a better idea to have someone else talking about you, because a third source is so much more trustworthy.








            how much work for me to do?
          










almost nothing. we have been doing these for over a decade, and we know exactly how to get the customer story in an effective, sincere and polished way. the only thing you actually have to do, is schedule the shoot date with the client, the rest we’ll take care of. 








            who comes up with the questions?
          










we come up with all of the questions to ensure we get the complete story of why your client loves you. pain points before they met you, why they decided to switch to you, how it’s going, and metrics to show success. we’ll take care of it all!







get in touch. 408-505-4062send us a note and we’ll get back to you very soon… probably in a few hours.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              subject
              
                *





              message
              
                *








thank you!










 


 














                                                                          copyright @ 2024 – playground pictures, llc.  all rights reserved                                                                          terms of service privacy policy



















 



