



	river oaks











skip to main content
accessibility settings





	 we encourage you to read our privacy policy (last updated on march 18, 2024) and terms of use (last updated on january 1, 2023) before using our website. we also use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites, to better understand how our website is used, and to help provide security. by clicking the "i agree" button you acknowledge that you have read these policies and consent to our terms of use for our website.


i agree









shoppingdiningentertainmenteventsvisitdriscoll residences







river oaks shopping center
what's newnow openfrench cuff boutiqueview detailsnow openleo's river oaksview detailsnow openriver oaks theatreview detailsnow opensephoraview detailscoming soongoode co. kitchen & cantina coming soonfraulein boot company 






about river oaks
	    in a time when we are overwhelmed by blink-and-it's-over trends—from fast fashion to tiktok challenges—things and places that have stood the test of time are something to be cherished.


	    the original shopping center in houston, river oaks shopping center is one of the city’s most iconic destinations. just like that pair of perfect-fitting vintage levi’s or classic ray-bans, river oaks shopping center stands for quality that cannot be duplicated…and never goes out of style.

history of river oaks



















stay in the know
join our mailing list to stay up-to-date on news, sales and upcoming events
join our mailing list









are you interested in leasing a space?
contact us




leasing information

ali runkeldirector of real estate(713) 868-6550contact





shoppers & tenants

christa kremerdirector of marketing, southern region,southern region(713) 868-6506contactlauren granit, cpmgeneral manager(281) 203-0294contact





w gray st. & shepherd dr., houston, tx 77019










© 2025 river oaks shopping center. all rights reserved.terms of useprivacy policyhistoryleasingcontactoffice directory
server: be-01











