


free christian dating, friendship and forums at meetchristians.com
      






























a completely free meeting place (with forums and personals)















 
 















member sign-in
user name:

 password:
 

 keep me logged in
(caution on shared computer)




 
i forgot my password!
 

tell a friend about meetchristians.com


i want to join!
tour demo site
view forums
the sign-up process
privacy statement
we believe
our members say
current statistics
faq's
contact us













†
search: generate a 
                        detailed search of the database using any combination of  
                        29 personality attributes or living conditions. six 
                        pre-defined quick searches available also.
                        

†
public discussion forums: to find company at night, all day long, discuss politics, candy bars, whatever. a great and proven place to make friends or even find that right person. men and women-only forums. chat rooms too.

                        

†
and much more: there are 
                        more features than we can list here, and additional 
                        features are frequently added. to learn more, take 
                        the tour. married or 
                        single, seeking friends, marriage or just 
                        conversation, you are welcome here. 
                        

headline news cnsnews.com
























and let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. whatever may be conceded to the influence of refined education on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle. 

      



-- george washington, at his farewell address.

      




by the way, as of around 2008 and continuing into now near the end of 2010, we have an imbalance of members, which presently means about 2,000 extra women. so tell your friends the pond is full of fish that are probably biting. :-) let's find homes for these people! at least some of them are bound to be great catches. the odds alone mandate that much. 

                                                                                                              - the management.

  
















links we like:




intro
financial
news & comment
reference
search tools
shopping



the tabbed index above quickly opens financial and search tools, news and commentary, shopping links and more. just click on any of the tabs to expand the area you are looking for... some categories are under construction, awaiting installation of material.





bible search, audio bible studies and music:

stay informed! see expelled, the movie.  
















