





growth charts for children with down syndrome


 



growth charts for children with down syndrome
by greg richards (background by bridget, age 9)



 
 
 
 



 



www.growthcharts.com
site navigation



down syndrome
general overview
photos
of our girls



growth charts for
children w/ds
height
& weight
head
circumference



growth charts for typical children
clinical
and individual growth charts from the center for disease control (cdc)
website




frequently asked questions
(coming soon)




about
the author
















about down syndrome


down syndrome is a genetic
condition in which there are three 21st chromosomes instead of the usual
two.  most people have 46 chromosomes per cell -- originating from
the 23 chromosomes in the mother's egg and 23 in the father's sperm. 
not all people with down syndrome have the same chromosomal arrangement,
however.
ninety-five percent
of people with down syndrome (trisomy 21) have 47 chromosomes per cell
(they have an extra #21 chromosome).  this common type of trisomy
21 is called non-disjunction.
three to four percent
of people with down syndrome have robertsonian translocation, where
the number of chromosomes is normal, but the extra chromosome 21 material
is attached with chromosome 14.
the remainder have
a rare type of down syndrome in which some of their cells have 46 chromosomes
and some have 47 chromosomes.  this is called mosaicism.
if you would like
an in-depth description of the history and genetics of down syndrome, see
dr.
len leshin's essay from his excellent internet resource on down syndrome,
www.ds-health.com.
although children
with down syndrome do not have the same genetic makeup as other children,
they are more like typical children than they are different.




terminology


down syndrome is named
after dr. john langdon down, an english physician who first described the
characteristic features of trisomy-21.  people now use the term "down
syndrome" as opposed to "down's syndrome" because dr. down did not
have
down syndrome, and he did not own down syndrome.
in the usa, we prefer
to use the term "child with down syndrome" instead of "down's child", "down
syndrome child", "down's kid", or just "down's".  here's the philosophy
behind it:
it would be nice
if everyone could think of children with down syndrome as children first,
and their disability second, hence "child with down syndrome".




motivation


children with down syndrome
do grow and develop differently than most other children, but it seems
that growth charts for our kids may not be available to many pediatricians
and parents.  by having an internet resource for growth charts for
children with down syndrome, these charts should be easy to find and use.




expectations


it is a good idea to
keep high expectations for children with down syndrome.  if your expectations
are too low, the child may not be challenged to learn.  of course
it is not a good idea to have unrealistic expectations.  repeated
failure will lead to frustration for both parent and child, and may have
a negative impact on the child's self esteem.


contact me via email


disclaimer: 
the author is not a
medical professional, and information here is not to be substituted for
medical advice.  please contact your child's physician if you have
medical questions.


 
 
 
 
revised: august 28, 2001


