





home



















 

 






















 

 




home







newsletter

 


















 






donate now!










support us through amazon smile and selecting fhl as your charity. click below to be taken directly there.
























do you want to know what it is like to live in haiti? i mean really, do they have it that bad there?picture your house, mentally remove everything that uses either electricity or running water. now, remove all carpeting and stuffed furniture, including the bed. replace this with straw mat. no floors, no slab, just bare earth and a thatched roof. take out all the screens in your house. while your at it remove the windows and the doors. no grass around the house. got a good picture? good. now picture yourself with no car, or bike, or shoes for that matter. no job, no unemployment or welfare checks. you have no money, no bank accounts, no credit cards, no refrigerator, no ice and no food. you are hungry, and to make matters worse, your children are hungry. on top of that they are sick, full of worms and usually naked. this is the average haitian!! god's people, just like you and me, just born farther south and east. 


this is samuel. he lost his mother in childbirth, his father and most of the rest of his family in the quake in january 2010. at 9 months, he really doesn't know how blessed he is in his new home with so many who love him. they have now found his sister and she is in the orphanage a block away. 
sunday, september 26, 2010 samuel was dedicated to the lord by roseline and presume...  he was dedicated as "samuel donald presume"

for haiti with love shows god's love by following the lord's commands in matthew 25:35-40 to feed the hungry, clothe the naked, heal the sick, and shelter the homeless. giving freely of god's love and gifts to help make life better for the poorest of the poor in northern haiti. medical teams are welcome to serve in the fhl 24 hour emergency medical clinic, construction volunteers for building homes or village marketplaces. we are also involved in numerous self-help projects. this young man is alive and well because you gave to help him.

 "for i was hungry, and you gave me something to eat, i was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, i was a stranger and you invited me in, i needed clothes and you clothed me, i was sick and you looked after me, i was in prison and you came to visit me.
then shall the righteous answer him saying , lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? when did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? when did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?
the king will reply, i tell you the truth, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers of mine, you did for me." matthew 25:35-40 

prayer requests
1. pray for peace, law and order for haiti. 2. pray for god's continued blessing on this lord's work in the north of haiti. 3. pray for funding for the food program and supplies for the emergency medical clinic and other program services.4. god's continued guidance and thanksgiving for all of our wonderful contributors.

(727) 938-3245for haiti with lovep.o. box 1017palm harbor, fl 34682-1017 cargo: 4767 simcoe streetpalm harbor, florida 34683-1311fax (727) 942-6945














 

            â©
        2020
    for haiti with love
            









