


imanivoices...the imani book club - home


























imanivoices...the imani book club





















									home
								



									editor's note
								



									syllabus
								



									book reviews
								



									book review archives
								



















welcome to our updated website!  it has been over a year since we updated, but the book club is still going strong celebrating 20 years of bonding over african-american literature.  general informationthe imani book club in montgomery, alabama began in 1999.  it was established by cashana seals, an avid reader, to bring together a diverse group of african-american women who enjoyed reading and would bond spiritually.  from 10 newsletters sent out to announce the imani book club's birth, 14 members joined the book club.  with motivation and support from one another , the book club, which is celebrating 16 years together, has a membership of 13 active, strong african-american women.contact information:  imanivoices@aol.com                                  snail mail:  p. o. box 210162                                                     montgomery, al 36121-0162 all rights reserved.  the reproduction, or utilization of any contents of this website in whole or in part in any form is forbidden without the prior written permission of cashana seals/imani book club, montgomery, alabama.  the imani book club © 2001-2016






editor's note...20 yearsmy emotions have been all over the place these last few months.  i have had moments of unadulterated enjoyment, extraordinary anxiety, heart-palpitating joy, unimaginable sadness and times when i have questioned my worth.  these emotions have been scary as well as enlightening.  when folks say aren’t you glad to just be able to go home every day, i say, “sometimes, but, no, because bills got to be paid.  i also miss my kids. period. point blank.”  however, trying to come up with an inspiring editor’s note to celebrate our 20 years together has been difficult, because my head is not in the game.  we have come so far in 20 years.  we have had many members to share our love of african-american literature over the years.  yet, we are still here.  i must remind myself there are a lot of book clubs who vanished over time.  trying to keep a group of diverse african-american women together ain’t easy.  it’s hard.  i have learned from the mistakes and realized i must always keep the integrity of the group intake.  the things we did in the beginning of our book club were good for that time, but now we are older, wiser and settled.  we have done a lot.  we have given to the community in ways i can only be proud of and we have been supportive of each other when it was needed.  although, we are not perfect and we all have personalities, we agree reading and discussing stories with our sisterhood is good for our well-being.   continued on editor's note
 






april's reading assignmentthe outside child by tiffany l. warren.all of chenille abrams’ dreams came true the day she married nfl star brayden carpenter.  he’s the down-to-earth, loving, and protective man she never thought she'd find. and with her own successful career, chenille plans to be more than just a famous athlete’s wife. she's determined to balance work, marriage, and motherhood, as the couple awaits their first child . . . until their son is born with a crippling heart ailment. until a devastated brayden starts putting his career above everything else. and when tragedy strikes, chenille struggles to find a reason to go on—as brayden takes comfort from anywhere but home . . . little by little, chenille picks up the pieces as she and brayden try to make their marriage work once more. but when he fathers a baby that the mother can’t keep, will this be the final blow? or can they find a way past betrayal into unexpected hope—to at last have a future worth everything?next book club meeting:  april 27, 2019
 














 

 



web hosting by fatcow







