        new orleans boat dealer | boats for sale | boat repair new orleans                                                     toggle navigation          homeinventory  new boats  used boats  outboard motors  shop by boat brands  shop by boat types financing  finance department  trade evaluation parts & service  parts department  service department about  about bent marine  videos contactcurrently hiring           8001 airline dr metairie, la (504) 737-2722       boating is our passionnot just our business.                                            shop by brand                                                                  
deck boat
   
fish boat
   
pontoon boat
   
sport boat
   
motors
   
    hugeinventoryselection 
our 50,000 square foot showroom is loaded with new boats arriving daily!
 search our boats    
   shop new boats hit the water this spring in a new boat! contact bent marine today to get the best deal!  
   
    shop pre-owned boats »     get your gamefish today    
                  bent marine trade evaluation     new orleans boat financing  
            one-stop shopfor everything you need  shop parts & accessories »       our experienced staffis here to help  visit service center »     new orleans louisiana area boat dealerwelcome to bent marine bent marine is your go-to boat dealer on the gulf coast. located just outside of new orleans in metairie, la, bent marine is conveniently located in the heart of southeast louisiana. bent marine has the one of the largest selections on the gulf coast with new and used boats from top manufacturers including nor-tech high performance boats, sea hunt boats, xpress boats, robalo boats, everglades boats, chaparral boats, tidewater boats, and south bay pontoon boats. at bent marine, we consider it our responsibility to provide our customers with competitive pricing and a professional knowledgeable staff. we pride ourselves on providing a superior shopping experience from the moment you step through our doors. the experience continues after the sale, with our huge selection of parts and accessories, as well as top-of-the-line service and maintenance. our award-winning service department employs the most knowledgeable technicians available and continuously provides the training and state-of-the-art tools they need to fix your boat right the first time and keep it running longer.  we are now proud to announce that we sell jl audio systems 
  locations 
bent marine metairie
8001 airline dr
metairie, la 70003
l: (504) 737-2722
hours:
monday - friday 8am-6pm
saturday - 9am - 4pm
bent marine madisonville
service facility
129 hwy 22 east
madisonville, la 70447
phone: (985) 845-7398
closed on saturdays
   bent marine sales    bent marine service    quick links  all inventory finance parts service contact                  this website uses cookies to enable essential tools and functionality in effort to enhance the browsing experience for our customers. for more information, read our privacy policy. accept 
  