







security 1 ltd - security and cctv - gloucester




















 tel: 01452725000









t: 01452 725000

sales@security1.co.uk




homeabout usservicesintruder alarmsfirecctvaccess controlmaintenance servicecontact us



 






intruder alarms
an intruder alarm system is the most effective way of protecting your home and business property...
 more info 




fire
commercial, industrial and domestic fire, detection, alarm and suppression systems...
 more info 




cctv
we can select the most appropriate camera system for the task at hand and the budget...
 more info 




access control
access control systems ensure the safety of your employees, your business and your assets...
 more info 




maintenance services
security 1 offers competitive and comprehensive contracts for all of our systems...
 more info 











 






															welcome to security 1 ltd									

security 1 is a company specialising in the design installation and servicing of high quality electronic fire and security systems. our extensive experience within the industry comes from our success and determination to meet customer’s needs,   which is supported by excellent service arrangements tailored to ensure a prompt and efficient response.
we are faced with the ever changing and growing needs of businesses and homes alike, in today’s competitive security industry. we therefore use the latest technology available to enable us to provide the best systems and service possible at an affordable price.  we know that all this enables us to live up to our promise of providing quality systems and service in the following areas:-

intruder alarms 
fire alarms
emergency lighting
fire extinguishers
cctv
access control
door entry
gates and barriers
integrated security systems

we create tailored security solutions by developing a clear understanding of our clients’ security and safety needs, and selecting the most appropriate security alarm systems to meet these needs.  we use a structured briefing and feedback system to capture the relevant information needed to design the right system for a client’s business.
our experienced surveyors are able to advise you on all types of fire and security systems, in order to provide you with the optimum level of security at the right price to suit your budget.





 






want to find out more?
why not browse our website or contact us on 01452 725000
 get in touch 




 




 

 








security 1 | web design by  wida gloucester | sitemap




 
    we use cookies   we use cookies on our website. some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this site and the user experience (tracking cookies). you can decide for yourself whether you want to allow cookies or not. please note that if you reject them, you may not be able to use all the functionalities of the site.   ok decline  more information      

