









scotland web designer and seo in livingston


















































home
web design

wordpress
web design prices
livingston design
publishing


online marketing
social media
seo
about
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










established in 2004

scottishweb designer

are you looking for a west lothian web design company that really understands your business? we’ve been making high-quality, search engine optimised, web sites and logos for clients in bathgate, livingston, whitburn and armadale for over 20 years, so put your site into the hands of a web designer in scotland you can trust.  we can also help with seo, social media and facebook / google advertising.

about us









what we do

mobile friendly, search engine optimised, web design in west lothian, scotland for over 20 years!








web design
we specialise in providing value to small local businesses but have also built websites that have generated millions of pounds a year.








boost traffic
we are experts in growing sites through onsite and offsite white hat seo services.  you can trust us to grow your website and grow your business.








facebook advertising
we are experts in facebook advertising having run hundreds of campaigns for dozen of companies brinign in tens in thousands of profit.










wordpress development
we’ve built hundreds of custom wordpress websites so we really know what we are doing!








business strategy
we have helped to grow hundreds of business’s over the years and have a wealth of practical advice we can impart to help you thrive.








brand identity
over the years we have created hundreds of logo designs, letterheads and business cards.


















creating new ideas.to solve your problems

we dont just create websites, we know business inside and out and can help problem solve your project to help it grown.






projects




satisfied clients




ongoing projects




cups of coffee







some of the companies we’ve worked with
we don’t just create websites, we know business inside and out and can help problem solve your project to help it grown.




























our photography

we have professional phytography equipment can can help you with any of your photography and videography needs.








































see more







what people say

over the decades we have build up a huge amount of trust with hundreds of clients that keep coming back to us for low cost high quality websites.





as a long established company you will find many reviews about our services over the years.  we try our best to hit the right mark and keep every customer happy. 




facebook – 100%





google – 98%











 
that all looks brilliant! we are really happy with the finished site so please make it live asap!
lexi
the care necessities








you are amazing!!!! this is really looking great! i am just thrilled… i can’t wait to get in and start working with things.
jill
brilliance and beyond










thank you for the update. the website is looking fantastic, we are so pleased with it. i think the logo looks a million times better!
sarah
will makers of sheffield





 
thanks again for all your hard work, everyone at our head office are amazed at how quickly you managed to complete the site!
james
owner, kia scotland

















 
just a quick note to say thank you so much for getting everything done so quickly.the whole team in west lothian are extremely happy with the finished result and we can’t wait to work with you again.
amy
royal bank of scotland










best selling publishers

over the years we have taken our website development skills into the publishing sphere with the creation of several huge sites that broke into the millions of viewers.  today we still publish forever amber  which is an award winning lifestyle blog written by our founder amber.  the website has had tens of millions of visitors and has had collaborations with a huge number of international brands such as hilton hotels, nikon, philips, super dry and many more.
we have recently turned our writing skills in publishing with a move towards traditional in the form of novel writing which are now for sale on amazon.








our books








our website















our latest projects
over the years we have not just built sites for others.  we have also built and grown many sites selling them on for tens of thousands of pounds. we design sites to market and grow them using tried and tested methods that we can also apply to your site.   you can see a few examples of our sites we are currently growing for sale.
scotland road trip
what to do tenerife
what to do gran canaria
maspalomas
in addition here is a site we just created for a client.plastering west lothian








let's start something new. say hello!









email address


message




send







 







archivesno archives to show.categoriesno categories 






facebook




x




instagram




rss


© hot igloo web design scotland | founded 2004  | all rights reserved 































