





atlanta web design - cutting edge web site design and web development for growing businesses






































sophia solutions






group_work about



whatshot services
                

services menu

layered web development
mywebsuite cms development
your online presence
your web development project
wordpress cms development
zen cart ecommerce development




cast_connected contact
              

 phone_iphone call
 email send message




work_outline portfolio
              

portfolio menu
latest works
mywebsuite cms
wordpress cms
zen cart ecommerce

earlier works
database driven projects




flash_on web development
              

adventures in web design
atlanta cms
custom contractor web site
considerations in web design
database driven sites
mywebsuite cms
online tennis court scheduling
project management saas
phases of web site development
seo case study
small business specials



toc links

(470) 322-5645

















 adventure.
stepping stones
your web project





attraction.
contemplation
your online presence






ice.
pure water
layered web development





previous



next






successful web projects begin here.
let's gather your requirements, add water and stir.




 your project

adventure.
stepping stones
let's face it. there's something thrilling about beginning a new adventure in web development. 
              during our first planning interview we map out your requirements and develop a plan to reach your dreams.
we're with you every step of the way. 
               


read more 

• image by jon flobrant on unsplash




your online presence

attraction.
contemplation
clean effective design presents your message to your readers. using simple and effective organization 
              your ideas shape the content shared with your clients and site visitors.
magnetic.


read more 

• image by bady qb on unsplash




layered web development

ice.
pure water
concept, presentation and software layers power your project.
              these three layers work together in layered web development 
              to create successful projects that meet your requirements.
              
clean power.


read more 

• image by eric welch on unsplash







your project

getting the conceptual requirements right.







• image by zoltan tasi on unsplash








your requirements



what do you want your site to do? 

every project is different. 
                    you are different. 
                    what you dream of for your site is unique, and we take the time to learn from you what that is
the planning stage is the most important part of beginning a successful project.







• image by jeremy bishop on unsplash








 technology



what about the technology?

we know that web technology can be confusing. don't worry, we are not going to overwhelm you with 
                    technical details, it's our job as professionals to take care of those for you.
we will cover a short series of questions about your site, and then we can choose what our next best steps will be.







• image by vladimir kudinov on unsplash








 timeline



how long will this take?

we use our experience from all of our projects to determine a reasonable time line for development. 
                    naturally some phases take longer than others, and the key to successfully completing the development phase is regular communication.







your online presence

carefully crafted with love.







• image by becca tapert on unsplash








 mobile first design



mobile first responsive design 

mobile-first responsive design for greater accessiblity puts you on the cutting edge. users search the web 50% or more of the time on mobile or tablet devices.
                    this just makes sense.
responsive design included
all of our projects include a mobile-first responsive design that we prepare for our clients.
this will provide you with an excellent foundation to begin your project.







• image by simon hattinga verschure on unsplash








 cms



content management

leveraging cms (content management system) capabilities puts the power to communicate with your clients and site visitors at the fingertips of your writers.
cms included
all of our projects include a cms dashboard where you may edit site content.
we'll pair you up with a cms that fits you and your team, then train a member of your team so that she can train others at any time.







• image by yuriy trubitsyn on unsplash








 ecommerce



ecommerce catalog

prepare your online store for success on a robust ecommerce platform. we tailor custom ecommerce solutions, data processing and payment gateway integration to get your store operating seamlessly with the rest of your business.
power your online shop

shopping cart
catalog
payment gateway integration
your online shop fully equipped










layered web development

the secret sauce we use for successful projects.







• image by andrea sonda on unsplash











 conceptual layer


we begin with the conceptual layer

we focus on the message you wish to deliver to your clients.

during this stage we work with you to define the requirements for your project
clearly defined requirements are the most important ingredients for success.
getting a clear idea of where we are heading defines our next steps












 design layer


design elements define the presentation layer

you may have noticed on this page that our design elements are kept clean and simple. 
                    we use font pairings, icons, some bits of color but the real graphic elements are the images 
                    we have used to help you focus on the content in each section.
                    
                    these are the main elements of modern web design. we build with these to strive                     
                    for clean, highly accessible content that renders well on any device: smart phones, tablets, laptops, desktops as well as very large presentation screens.
                        
                        
mobile-first design concepts enable your users to access your web assets from any device.
by developing for mobile devices first, our design elements will be kept simple, clean and elegant.
this approach works for all devices, smart phones, tablets, laptops, desktops and even projection to very large formats during presentations








• image by markus spiske on unsplash















• image by seb p34k hamel on unsplash











 software layer


technology fits your goals in the software layer

we provide the power for your project with modern technologies to meet your needs.

content management system
shopping cart development and payment gateway integration
custom api development
virtual private servers in the cloud
ongoing managed web development











let's talk 

we work with you on your project every step of the way:
(470) 322-5645

a small but dedicated team
highly agile and flexible
mobile-first design included
cms dashboard included
layered web development
you're going to love your new web project

contact us








• image by linus nylund on unsplash









sophia solutions atlanta georgia
 sophia solutions provides clients in metro atlanta 
    and coast to coast cutting edge web site design, 
    and web development for growing businesses since 2001. 
    

    located in atlanta georgia we support clients with the 
    development of database driven web sites as part of  
    complete turn key packages including ongoing managed web development for continued support to keep things running smoothly.
   























customer service
rss
contact us
site map
links>







company info
about sophia solutions
 terms of service
 privacy policy
acceptable use policy






specialties
project management
web site design
software development
portfolio
 
 





get in touch

 
            send a message


 call us


office: 470 322.5645

we welcome your inquiries









sophia solutions


© 2001-2018 sophia solutions
     all rights reserved.
       




 















