









deblois electric | leading maine electrical contractors




















































skip to content






careersnews207-783-6512








            deblois electric
          



































































residential

new construction renovations & additions electrical service & maintenance generators
commercial

renovations and additions new construction electrical service & maintenance sub-metering & power monitoring smart technologies generators
about usprojectscontact us


















                        trusted electricians serving lewiston and beyond
                    





 residential 

we provide expert electrical solutions for your home, including repairs, new construction, renovations, upgrades, and ev charger installation.


                                    learn more                                




 commercial 

we offer comprehensive services for businesses including wiring, lighting, panel upgrades, generator installation, tenant fit-outs, and maintenance.


                                    learn more                                




 careers 

join our growing team of skilled electricians for rewarding opportunities in a supportive work environment.


                                    learn more                                 















 maine electricians and contractors since 1967 


for almost 60 years, deblois electric has been a trusted electrical contractor in maine, serving both commercial and residential customers. our skilled, licensed electricians are dedicated to delivering quality service, whether in the field or at the office.
 



learn about us








 






 dedicated to excellence and lasting relationships 


since 1967, we have been committed to ensuring our company will be a place future generations can count on—for our clients and our deblois electric family.
our mission
to build lasting relationships and improve the quality of life for our team.
our vision
being a member of the deblois electric family will leave you a better person going out than when you came in.
our values
trust, ethics, performance, integrity, building lasting relationships, family and field first, and servant leadership.







 




 we take pride in making our clients happy.  




 “we’ve worked with deblois electric on numerous projects and have been impressed by their team of highly specialized professionals, their quality of work, and their positive, can-do attitudes.” 
 - kevin french - landry/french construction 


 “i have worked with the deblois family for many years and been impressed by their consistent commitment to providing a high level and comprehensive platform of employee benefits for their employees. they have respectfully pushed us to make sure that whatever we bring to the table, their employees will always be given the best possible benefit options at the most reasonable cost.” 
 - mark w. anthoine, rhu, clu, chfc - bga financial 


 "deblois electric company has been an engaged member of associated builders and contractors of maine since 1990. they set the standard for safety, performance, and integrity in the construction industry. they develop people, win work and deliver that work safely, ethically and profitably for the betterment of the communities in which our abc maine members work.” 
 - tami staples, membership director -  associated builders & contractors of maine 


 
 





 residential electrical services 


whether you need a licensed electrician near you for repairs or installations, our friendly and professional team is ready to help with your next home project.









new construction







renovations & additions







electrical service & maintenance







generators











 commercial electrical services 


we’ve built lasting relationships with maine’s top general contractors and organizations. specializing in design-build projects, our company serves as a trusted commercial electrician, collaborating with all partners to deliver a successful project.









new construction







renovations and additions







electrical service & maintenance







sub-metering & power monitoring







generators







smart technologies











ready to start a project?


contact us via the form below and someone from our team will be in touch within one business day. 
 


full name* phone*email*

location* tell us about your project*phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



























            deblois electric
          

deblois-brandmark-white






home
about
employee resources
commercial
residential
projects
careers
contact
news



sign up for our newseltter





*


 










facebook
linkedin





        copyright © 2025 deblois electric. all rights reserved.
      
















