








hts































































 
















 







toggle navigation




menu









home
about

company
values and vision
leadership
partners
careers
hts patents


solutions

parking and operations – overview

lpr/anpr enabled parking management & revenue control
airport parking
inventory management
vip vehicle inspection package


security enforcement – overview

safe cities
critical assets
border crossings
law enforcement


access control
dot/cmv solutions
tolling


products

imaging units

low speed
high speed


lane controllers

ruggedized – lc3000/3100
rack mount – lc4100


seecontrol management
cloud based lpr
vir (vehicle identity recognition)
mobile and handheld
ancillary

network switches
auxiliary cabinet
triggers
illumination
i/o over ip




references sites
news & events

in the media
news
events
case studies
white paper
social networks


support
contact us
 







      thousands of installed systemsproven technology and systems deployed in over 50 countries, and across variety of applications


parking




next generation parking experience meeting the challenge of roi with lpr, citation, enforcement, inventory, valet and tracking





security
enforcement




detect, classify, identify vehicles for safe city, border crossings, critical assets, and law enforcement applications





cmv
enforcement




cutting-edge solutions driven by automated u.s. dot number reading for truck identification, pre-screening, inspection, enforcement, and revenue collection










hts sets the standard as a world leader in image processing based solutions, delivering value added vehicle data for revenue control, automation and security applications.
driven by ever-increasing needs for automation and security, our products serve as core technology enablers for the automation of parking revenue and control systems, traffic management, security, access control and other logistics systems. we provide customers with the ability to monitor and control their operations, improve productivity and enhance security by providing real-time data solutions, with a measurable and sustainable return on investment.


 







reference sites
hts has proven technology and systems deployed in over 40 countries, and
across a variety of applications
selected projects










vegas hotels parking
since 2016 most las vegas hotels started to charge for parking in their properties. hts lpr systems were deployed in many of the hotels.







loyd park dallas
loyd park in dallas tx – using lpr in a fast lane for pre-registered campers.
this solution enhanced customer loyalty, safety and security for all visitors, and better customer service for those loyal clients







mobile system in penrose hospital
penrose hospital – uses seemobile to identify employees that are parked in patient’s parking areas.
due to increased population in the town, the hospital acquired remote parking lots for staff.
staff are not allowed to park in the parking lots and streets around the hospital.
hts alerts the parking management on staff vehicles that are parked in visitor areas.
 







schoolpass in texas
uses lpr technology to identify the children’s parents by their pre-registered vehicles, used for pickup authorization.













home
products
solutions
about
references sites

support old


contact us
 








 © 2020 hts, all rights reserved

 www.htsol.com
 










































 