




bar code fonts for printing labels, graphics. 128, 39, upc, 2/5

































home
bar code fonts
information
license types
ordering



bar code font software to print your own labels



bar code 128
includes subsets a and b for alpha-numeric and subset c for high density numeric data. ucc / ean 128, and shipping container bar codes scc-14, & sscc-18 are also included. comes with software utility and macros to calculate checksums for every bar code.

ean software
retail products sold in europe require an ean (european article numbering) bar code. print sheets of bar code labels, export a graphic, or add bar codes to your packaging. includes our software utility and macros to calculate checksums for your bar code.

2/5 interleaved
print high density numeric data with the interleaved 2 of 5 bar code. also handles shipping container gtin-14 or itf-14 bar codes. comes with and without bearer bars. features our software utility and macros to calculate checksums for your bar code.





upc software
every retail product in the u.s. and canada needs a upc code. print sheets of bar code labels, export a graphic, or add bar codes to your packaging. includes a utility and macros to calculate checksums for your upc code. print both upc-a and upc-e, with or without supplementals.

upc assignments
every retail product sold in north america requires a unique upc product code. we sell official upc codes that never expire, cost less than those from gs1, and have no yearly fees. get a unique upc code and certificate of authenticity from elfring fonts for as low as $20!


pcl font downloader

a true windows pcl font downloader. works from within windows or invisibly from the command line! batch support. works with windows 11 - 7, server 2022/2019/2016.

email us




bar code 39
the easiest bar code font to use. it is so simple that you can type in it. sarcode 39 has upper case letters (a-z), numbers (0-9), and a few other symbols. it also does hibc (health industry bar codes). the software includes our utility and macros to build and export bar codes.

retail bar code solution
this software includes every bar code used for retail products and shipping. bookland, ean, isbn, itf-14, gtin, scc-14, sscc-18, and upc. print sheets of labels, export an image, or add bar codes to your packaging. includes utility and macros to build these bar codes.

bookland / isbn
books all over the world over require a bookland bar code. turn your isbn number and price into a bar code. export a graphic or add isbn / bookland bar codes to your packaging. has a software utility and macros to calculate checksums for your bar code.





• lost password? • get a price quote • multiple user discounts• embedding fonts in pdfs



home
bar codes
information
license types
ordering
site map



copyright © 2025 elfring fonts inc.  all rights reserved. terms of use | privacy
buy a upc codechoose a bar codeelfring fontsmicr fonts





