














welcome | legal momentum























skip to main content









legal momentum












the state of women's economic wellbeing & the law - map launch & panel - september 18, 2024 - recorded live
 










                    welcome                  






if you are being watched, leave now!

quick exit




 

the unwavering champion of gender equality since 1970
our legal impact




title viiworkplace equality and economic empowerment 
judicial education  fairness in the courts 
title ix  equal educational opportunities 
vawa  violence against women and girls  
power of the law  reproductive justice 




 

impact litigation. legislative advocacy. education & training.
our programming






  
 legal momentum statement on dobbs v. jackson 
 today, the supreme court of the united states overruled roe v. wade and eliminated the federal right to abortion. the dobbs decision is harrowing, but it is not surprising. for decades, legislators have restricted access to abortion and prevented many people—particularly low-income women of color—from receiving safe and affordable reproductive health care. the consequences of today’s ruling are far-reaching and dangerous. while this decision stands to impact every person in this country, certain groups, like women and members of the lgbtq+ community, including queer, non-binary, and transgender men, are disproportionally at risk. 
 
 legal momentum statement on dobbs v. jackson 

  
 racial justice 
 at legal momentum, we recognize that the fight for gender equality is also a fight for racial justice. we understand that to tackle gender discrimination, we must also address the institutional racism faced by people of color in this country. we know that discrimination in any form puts marginalized groups at greater risk of economic hardship, exclusion, and violence.
 
 find out more about our work & timeline  

 data-driven 
 lm launches interactive map to further economic justice for women 
 legal momentum continues the fight to improve economic outcomes for women across the country. part of this work is providing comprehensive guidance and tools, like this data-driven map, the state of women's economic wellbeing & the law, to further the discussion on women's economic security. 
download our executive summary | visit the map
 
  

  
 vawa reauthorization announcement! 
 legal momentum applauds senators dianne feinstein (d-ca), joni ernst (r-ia), richard durbin (d-il), and lisa murkowski (r-ak) for introducing the violence against women reauthorization act of 2022. this important bill reflects a bipartisan consensus that the government needs to do more to prevent and to respond to domestic violence, sexual assault, dating violence, and stalking. the bill addresses the many needs identified during extensive engagement with survivors, service providers, researchers, and others in the domestic violence and sexual assault fields. a summary of the senate bill can be found here.
 
 vawa reauthorization announcement! 



  


public resource library




 online courses 
 judicial education: intimate partner sexual abuse 
  

 legal guides 
 women's economic equality legal toolkit, nys 
 guidance for women and advocates on 13 core issues of women's economic equality, tailored for new york state. 

 impact area 
 workplace equality and economic empowerment 
 pioneering initiatives to challenge gender discrimination in the workplace. 

 testimony 
 importance of public benefits 
 comments opposing the department of agriculture’s proposition to limit eligibility for snap 

  
 the violence against women act reauthorization act of 2022 
  



browse the library 




 

legal momentum 5, 10, 50 years ago
our history


2015 enough is enough 
2010 pipeline project 
1970 win against united airlines 














subscribe
donate
get help



search this site 









privacy policy
terms of use
accessibility
site credits


legal momentum
32 broadway, suite 1801
new york, ny 10004
(212) 925-6635


 




the women's legal defense and education fund

legal momentum

subscribe
donate
get help



legal impact


  
 "embracing diversity and empowering women is essential to
the work of achieving gender equality."
 
 carol baldwin moody 
 lm president/ceo  

violence against women & girlshuman traffickingworkplace equality & economic empowermentequal educational opportunitiesreproductive justiceour legal impactprogramming


  
 "when women know their legal rights, they are empowered and can advocate for themselves and others."
 
 mireille martineau 
 former lm program manager  

national judicial education programhistorynjep materialsnjep model curriculawomen valued initiativewomen's economic wellbeing maplegal toolkit for women's economic equalitythe working woman's bill of rightsrights now!curriculum and training programrequest a rights now! workshopgender equality helplineresource library


  
 "understanding the realities of women’s lives and how bias undermines fairness is essential to justice."
 
 lynn hecht schafran 
 lm vice president & director, national judicial education program  

resources overviewamicus briefsvictim advocate training courseintimate partner sexual abuse coursereproductive rights resourcessearch our libraryabout us


  
 “our daughters need to grow up with the same possibilities as our sons.”
 
 betty friedan 
 co-founder, now, author the feminine mystique, past lm board member  

investinginvesting + planned givingpro bono law firmshistorytimelinethe journey: our first ten yearsracial justicecareer + internship opportunitiesboard of directorsstafffinancialsall about legal momentumlm in the newslm in action newsletterevents
aiming high 2025aiming high 2024women of achievement 2024women of achievement 2023past aiming high award recipientspast women of achievement award recipientstribute & memorial giving


search 















