

 henry company homes: building houses to match your lifestyle























skip to content 

  

 menu   home 
available homes 
our community neighborhoods heather’s place 


military buyers 
lenders 
contact 
about us 
testimonials 
 close menu  
 buy direct 
from the 
builder 
henry company homes offers new home communitiesin pace & gulf breeze/navarre!  
scroll down   
  
our commitment 
henry company homes advantage 









henry company homes is proudly celebrating over 40 years in business. we are one of northwest florida’s premier residential builders because we offer exceptional craftsmanship, affordable houses and customer satisfaction.








 
extraordinary customer experience 


we set out to raise the bar. as a result, from the moment you have your first interaction with us, each henry company homes associate meets you with professionalism and thoughtful attention.


 
unrivaled choice 


with our selections of premium products, state-of-the-art appliances, and luxury fixtures and finishes, your home will be a showcase for quality and comfort.


 
ideal locations 


henry company homes builds houses where you want to live. regardless of the location—our commitment to you is to build homes that deliver exactly what you’relooking for.


 
craftsmanship  


you can see it in the details and feel it in every room from the moment you walk in; we build every home with premium craftsmanship.


 
extraordinary customer experience 


we set out to raise the bar. as a result, from the moment you have your first interaction with us, each henry company homes associate meets you with professionalism and thoughtful attention.


 
unrivaled choice 


with our selections of premium products, state-of-the-art appliances, and luxury fixtures and finishes, your home will be a showcase for quality and comfort.


 
ideal locations 


henry company homes builds houses where you want to live. so no matter the location—our commitment to you is to build homes that deliver exactly what you’relooking for.


 
craftsmanship  


you can see it in the details and feel it in every room from the moment you walk in; we build every home with premium craftsmanship.


 
benefits of buying direct from henry company homes 
advantages there are many advantages to buying your new construction home from the builder who built the home. the builder is motivated to make sure the new homeowner is happy and satisfied with their purchase. buying directly from the builder saves you money. 
no middleman; faster process when you work directly with the builder, you have a direct line of communication. communicating directly with the builder is faster and will facilitate a smoother transaction and also speed up the purchase process. 
go to the source buying a home is an experience that can be beneficial and enjoyed by going to the source, the homebuilder. for a hassle-free and enriching experience, give henry company homes a call today. 
advantages there are many advantages to buying your new construction home from the builder who built the home. the builder is motivated to make sure the new homeowner is happy and satisfied with their purchase. in conclusion, buying directly from the builder/construction company saves you money. 
no middleman; faster process when you work directly with the builder, you have a direct line of communication. when a realtor is involved, you will have to pass your questions through your realtor and wait to hear back. in other words, communicating directly with the builder is faster and will facilitate a smoother transaction and also speed up the purchase process. 
go to the source buying a home is an experience that can be beneficial and enjoyed by going to the source, the homebuilder. for a hassle-free and enriching experience, give henry company homes a call today. 
welcome home 
our community 
our community 
living in a community in northwest florida offers a unique blend of natural beauty, from pristine beaches to lush pine forests, making every day feel like a vacation.
the region’s diversity shines through its vibrant local culture and inclusive atmosphere, while its accessibility ensures that everything from quaint small towns to larger cities is within easy reach. 
 link     our community our appreciation thanks to our active military and veterans!

henry company homes understands how military families can be forced to move at a moment’s notice. as a military family, you and your family are accustomed to frequent relocation orders and it can be frustrating when that order comes through, and the task of finding a home for your family in a new area is at the forefront.
 
  military buyers 
 link  
corporate officeopen m-f 7:00-4:00850.994.0984model home850-797-0076monday-saturday: 10-5 sunday: 1-5community sales manager: shawn helwig 


 
back to tophenry company homesabout us
contact
copyright ©  henry company homes. all rights reserved









 

