









home - great white shark diving



























































							call us on +27 (0)28 312 4293    or   enquire n0w
















home
shark cage diving
accommodation & activities
pricing
gallery
contact
 

 
 
 




 








welcome to shark cage diving
our 15 years of experience in the shark cage diving industry, using only the highest quality operators with 100% safety records and highest customer service rankings, coupled with an incredible shark diving and accommodation deal means when you book with us, you are guaranteed to enjoy an unforgettable experience – for all the right reasons!
diving with sharks takes place in gansbaai which is on the coast of the western cape of south africa, near to hermanus.
cape town to hermanus is 1.5 hours approx.
hermanus to gansbaai: 45 mins approx
cape town to gansbaai: 2.5 hrs approx
all shark diving trips launch from kleinbaai harbour, which is a couple of kilometers from gansbaai – the shark capital of the world. the drive from cape town to gansbaai will take you 2.5hrs (165km) or if you are staying in hermanus, the journey is only 45 minutes by car. the trip will make its way out to the famous dyer islands and shark alley. the islands are covered in seals and penguins, the sharks are migratory and will be in this area for food.
we do not feed or handle the sharks, to do so would jeopardize the ecology and our permit to run these tours. we are merely observing the shark in it’s natural environment whilst educating as many people as possible about this incredible predator.
if you don’t have your own transport, we can easily arrange a transfer for you. return from the city of cape town, r650 per person. return from hermanus, r500 per person.
when
shark cage diving in south africa takes place throughout the year
best underwater visibility: april, may, june, july, august, september
good underwater visibility: january, february, march – october, november, december
chance of seeing sharks: 97% all year round
shark cage diving in south africa takes place throughout the year with the best visibility being during the south african winter months, although visibility is still excellent during the summer months. diving with sharks tours are weather dependent so should the weather be inclement, the tour will be postponed for your safety and enjoyment
we have 97% sightings, so you’ll more than likely see sharks. the very best time to see sharks in numbers is during the south african winter months (may-august). a few months either side of winter are also excellent times for viewing. during the peak middle of summer (christmas/new year) the number of sharks seen is usually less, this is due primarily to the colder water temperatures of mid-summer. we do get the very occasional day during peak summer when we might not see a shark, if this happens during your trip, you will receive a voucher to go out again for free.
sharks mostly seen – bronze whaler sharks – occasional sightings of white sharks possible, but they are endangered, so sightings of them are a real bonus.
 


 
 
 
 




pricing

click here for the price list




make a booking

click here to make a booking




accommodation

great accommodation deals



 





site navigationhome
shark cage diving
accommodation & activites
shark blog
gallery
contact
 

external linkshermanus backpackers
hermanus activities
hermanus tourism
white shark conservation
 

quick contact             tel: +27 (0) 28 312 4293
            fax: +27 (0) 28 313 2727
            26 flower street, hermanus 7200, south africa
            email:  backpackers@whalemail.co.za







 

 
 








