
















loans for land, farms, and homes | georgia, north carolina, and south carolina | agsouth farm credit








      skip to main content
    






search

site search 





serving ga , nc & sc
844-agsouth
digital banking





 logo
menu

navigation


main navigation


products
open products


land loans


farm loans & services


home & construction loans


crop insurance


leasing


capital markets & corporate lending




blog


member benefits
open member benefits


stockholder information


patronage program




outreach
open outreach


agaware workshops


agbiz program


ag leadership institute


growing our communities grant


photo contest




about
open about


agsouth executive leadership


directors


careers


financial reports


disclosures & ethics




contact us

















                  
            loans for land, farms & homes
            








our passion is to grow farmers, families, and rural communities.


agsouth is committed to the connection we make and the relationship we build with our customers. we believe that people don’t buy what we do, they buy why we do it.











land loans


looking to invest in timber, property to hunt and fish, or a place to raise your family? we offer competitive, fixed-rate land loans up to 20 years.

learn more










farm loans


need financing for your farm? we understand agriculture. we tailor loans to your operation’s needs and income stream.

learn more










home loans


looking for the perfect place to call home? we offer loans at competitive rates for homes in town and out in the country.

learn more










about us


when you finance your loan with agsouth, you become a member of our cooperative. learn more about us.

learn more








what our members say about us









"i have peace of mind knowing my loan officer is ready and willing to work with me at any time. agsouth understands my operation. they invest in me, our community, and the future of agriculture."


— kristy arnold
boggy creek farm in screven, ga












"we always get prompt service, and a prompt answer when we have a question. everyone has been very welcoming to us. you’re never treated like a number. i feel like i’m treated like a family member every time i come in."


— russell corry
corry farms in shelby, nc












"farming is hard and running a business is hard, so having agsouth’s support and vote of confidence has been really helpful as we’ve navigated our farming business journey."


— jamie & amy ager
hickory nut gap farm in fairview, nc












"when i think of our relationship with agsouth, two words come to mind – "total commitment". great communication, response time, and collaboration are just a few of the many attributes they have brought to our relationship."


— hugh m. thompson jr.
pierce timber co. in blackshear, ga












"when we financed our land and home construction loan, our loan officer was an excellent resource and helped walk us through it. he also saved us hundreds of dollars a month when we refinanced."


— jenna & josh metz
home construction in laurens, sc











contact us












 






agsouth farm credit, acaserving sc, ga & nc

facebook
twitter
twitter in
instagram
youtube

 146 victory lane | statesville, nc 28625 | 844-agsouth | nmls #619788




search site







footer


about us


careers


disclosures


privacy policy


california consumer privacy act disclosure


whistleblower info





equal housing lender

















