

 



























fully-integrated solutions for broadband and utility companies - innovsys





























 






skip to content



innovative systems







billing & subscriber management platformbilling & subscriber management platformfrom construction management and planning to network turn-up and support, we help you keep your customers connected to the world.
discover the elation™ platformbilling and customer managementcsr toolkit
self-service customer portal
customer communication
reporting and analytics financialsfinancials general ledger
accounts receivable and accounts payable
payroll and hr
work ordersprovisioningautomated provisioning
outage management
facilities management
technician appmobile appsprinting services printing
marketing 
mailing
integritysolutionsfor telecommunicationsfor cable/msofor municipalitiesfor power and utilityelation customer trainingfully-integrated billing & operations software platformlearn moregis mappinggis mappingcentralize your operations with gis-based mapping and staking automation.
automationour gis mapping tools help you automate your design and construction processes, design in minutes and save you time.broadband prospecting solutionmanaging fiber buildout is easier when you can generate excitement and measure neighborhood buy-in.reportingmaps are integrated throughout the elation gis map platform to provide you and your staff full visibility.emapemap provides freedom from paper and gives you the ability to update and view from anywhere.gis mapping. centralized data.explore how gis mapping can enhance every aspect of your operations.find out morevideovideoreliability with responsive support.
discover the innostream™ platformmiddlewaremg-tv live streaming mg-tv iptvmg-tv hosted live streamingcable tv upgrade optionsad insertionvideo on demandenhanced guide datais-5045w6 set top boxtranscoding & encodingencryption & drmstability & supportsupport toolsuser experience monitorinnosafepartners & integratorsvideo solutions trainingserving over 200 video customers learn morevoicevoiceour voice service solutions have helped millions of people to stay connected.
discover the apmax™ platformcall managementsip phone configurationterminating call managerautomated call distributionoriginating call managercustomer convenienceunified messagingauto attendantconference callingsingle number serviceweb portal and mobile appsweather plusnotify plusemergency servicesmlts 911firebarsecurity & data managementcalling name databasecentral reporting serverstability & supportapmax voice trainingrock solid voice service platformlearn moreinsightsinsightsstay informed with news, interviews, and the latest industry trends.
explore the latest insightsby typearticlesvideoscase studiespress releasesby topicall in with innovativevoicevideo elationinside the linesmarketing minuteby markettelecommunicationscable / msomunicipalitiespower & utilityeventswebcast – 2025 rural broadband subscriber studyread articlesupportsupportaccess the self-service portal to create a ticket, browse the training materials and release notes in the knowledge base, and much more.
monday through friday 8:00am – 5:00pm cst/cdt
605-990-7380
innovative systems supportsupport portalaccess the self-service portalprint portalaccess the is print portalinnovative systems supportfor elation, apmax, innostream and print customers.





                            go
                        




                        contact                    


















fully-integrated solutions for broadband and utility companies 
true enterprise software that enables connectivity across billing, operations, video, and voice services.


explore our solutionsfor telecommunicationsfor cable / msofor municipalitiesfor power & utility 








 

billing & operations. solved. 
fully-integrated billing & operations platform with a comprehensive suite of tools for your sales, csrs, technicians, and management teams.


                    learn more                






 

video. simplified. 
pick and choose from a wide variety of powerful video solutions on one proven and reliable platform.


                    learn more                






 

voice. integrated. 
next generation voice platform with carrier-grade performance and enhanced services.


                    learn more                









as a larger provider serving multiple states, i need quick and intuitive support options, between direct contact, their knowledge base, and the copilot ai, innovative has us covered very well.

                        wendy ottman vp of finance
multi-state provider





we decide to right price our video product and have doubled our video subscriber count with the help of mg-tv and the competitive customer experience that it provides.

                        jason miller ceo
new york





elation is so much more than just a billing system, you’re getting all of these other facets. it’s our planning tool, our prospecting tool, our marketing tool. now it’s doing the job for some it roles on the provisioning side. it’s a massive tool.

                        scott menhart chief information technology officer
michigan 





the overall package offered by elation made it the right fit for the merger of our two kansas bsps. 

                        donna van allen executive director of customer service
kansas







 

 

 

 








insights 
                            more like this                        






 


                elation            

                the future of customer excellence: self-service sign-up to turn-up            


            read article        

 





 


            events        

            webcast – 2025 rural broadband subscriber study        


        read article    


 


            video        

            sure-fire way to boost arpu!        


        read article    
 









keep updated with the latest industry news! 



name*


first



last

email address*

company*newsletter choicewhich newsletters would you like to receive?

voice connections


video solutions ejournal
we respect your privacy.captcha
 subscribe 

























 



let’s connect 



schedule a demo 

























                    fully-integrated solutions for broadband and utility companies                





                            company
                        

                            company
                        



about us


careers


news


events






                            contact
                        

                            contact
                        



                                    1000 innovative drivemitchell, sd 57301                                



                                    email
                                
sales@innovsys.com



                                    call
                                
605.995.6120








                        social
                    



visit us on twitter




visit us on linkedin







©2025 innovative systems
privacy policy
































