






reia wayne county | connect with other local real estate investors




































home
our mission
membership
events
newsletters
sponsors
reia contact form
 


select page


  
 
 














your network = your net worthconnect with other local real estate investors
apply for membership









your network = your net worthconnect with other local real estate investors
apply for membership









your network = your net worthconnect with other local real estate investors
apply for membership










welcome to reia of wayne county

mission statement:

the real estate investors association (reia) of wayne county believes that real estate is an excellent investment vehicle and that the informed and educated investor can achieve superior, long term financial results through income-producing real estate investments. the real estate investors association of wayne county meets on the first tuesday of every month.







next event







a letter from the president

our association is a group of like minded individuals that believe real estate is an excellent investment vehicle for building wealth. an informed and educated investor will be in the best position to achieve their long term financial goals from income producing real estate. the wayne reia offers opportunities for our membership to network and learn from each other and also offers presentations on a monthly basis to learn various aspects of buying, selling and holding real estate for financial gain.
we meet the first tuesday of the month from 5:30-8:00pm at leon’s family dining at 23830 michigan ave. in dearborn
i invite you to come to a meeting and experience a friendly, (not stuffy) group. our membership includes people who are just starting their adventure into real estate and still have a full-time job and those who are working to get out of their job (just obove broke) and those who are doing real estate full time. we have a fair amount of members that are heading to retirement and looking to implement their exit strategy as well. so you will be welcome and will fit in no matter where you are at on your investment goals..
there are lots of people willing to mentor and support you as you grow your business in real estate. very few of us believe that real estate investing is passive. it requires some work but more importantly knowledge and information. the wayne reia is your gateway to information and a good link to sources to expand your knowledge. i hope to see you at our next meeting and feel free to call me if you have any questions about the association.

wayde koehler

 wayde koehler, president313 819-0919







thank you to our sponsors

































membership application






name


phone


email address


partner/spouse name


business name


mailing address


city


state


zip


any questions or comments?


how did you hear about us?

how did you hear about us?facebookfamily/friendsflyerother




submit







 









designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 



























 




