



3d imaging technology, lenticular, anaglyph, printer, manufacturer, ny

















 



 





 




contact
lenticular services
anaglyph services
robert munn artist
sara cook artist
available for purchase
available for purchase 2
chanel project
bronx zoo project
3d art window
3d art installation
portraits
projects
artshows
virtual image
gallery
coney postcards
3d view-master
depthography press
3d anaglyph
posters
3d projection
links
print friendly page
other services
home
depthography- pioneers in the art of 2d, 3d, 4d 
          

lenticulars & anaglyph imaging.
contact us at 1-646-671-2882 or by email at info@depthography.com
we are open!  

state of the art manufacturer of advanced lenticular and anaglyph imaging.  perfect for custom installation, web design and promo.  we are located in new york city.
depthography are a 2d, 3d and 4d pioneering manufacturer for over 25 years. producers of high quality lenticulars, 3d and 4d imaging method that doesn't require glasses, anaglyphs with 3d glasses, stereo pairs, etc. we produce 2d into 3d, 2d into 4d, 2, 3 and 4 phase, and animating images. custom projects and art installations are available.
we can work with you in conjunction with our state of the art graphics capabilities, to make your lenticular or anaglyph stand out with maximum visual impact.  from point of purchase signs, panels, posters, murals, print materials, prototypes & web ready on line 3d & 4d artworks.  see your posters animate, logos & imagery stand out in 3d with or without glasses, & maximize your advertising space where one image flips to another. artists, see your work realized in 3d, animate or 2 phase flip on a lenticular print or anaglyph.  we also combine effects for a 4d (dimensional with animation). we can fully dimensionalize your flat artwork to include complex curves & deliver to you our best results in a timely manor for all of your projects needs. we can also provide web site & graphics services as well as high quality flat prints.
 
the name depthography is synonymous with technical innovation & advanced methods in the field of lenticular imaging since 1992.we are responsible for a number of significant technical advancements in this field.  the first computer graphics based lenticulars, the first 4d computer graphic based lenticulars, the first 36-50 frame animated lenticulars, the first 2d into 3d lenticulars with 3d modeling techniques & without, etc.. some of our techniques have cross over application to stereo imaging,  anaglyph, etc.. we continue to lead the field with innovative solutions to clients 2d, 3d & 4d photo imaging needs.  our client base includes: disney, sony, chanel, noaa, the library of medicine, nsa, at & t, macy's, ernst & young, kirkland & ellis, & many others.
featured depthography links
3d anaglyph imaging page
2d, 3d, & 4d lenticular imaging page
depthography group lenticular art available on line by robert munn and sara cook series 1.
depthography group lenticular art available on line by robert munn and sara cook series 2.


depthography's other photography, printing and web design capabilities and services available
we are artists & technology pioneers. aside from producing amazing commercial quality lenticular images, we also create  our own 3d fine art installations, art images & present stereo  projection shows.  follow the links to learn more about us. thank you for visiting the depthography web site.



depthography 3d & animating lenticular, anaglyph & stereo imaging

tel. # 646-671-2882 or e-mail us. info@depthography.com
 â© 2025 depthography, depthography, inc., depthography group, virtual image gallery, graphics, layout, & content are copyrighted & registered trademarks of depthography.  all rights reserved.









