


◊◊chelsea quinn yarbro◊◊















news/home
bibliography
biography
interviews
praise
saint-germain
faq
michael
mailing list

links
contact




welcome to the official chelsea quinn yarbro web site.
make sure to sign up
for the cqy mailing list. 



along with fellow author spider robinson, chelsea quinn yarbro has been named a guest of honor at worldcon 76, to be held in san jose, ca in august 2018. the convention website will continue to be updated with details.



chelsea quinn yarbro's saint-germain origin novel, forgotten gods, will be released in a limited collectors edition in spring 2018. check yarbro's author page on facebook for the latest details: https://www.facebook.com/authorchelseaquinnyarbro.




the baker street players presented the world premiere of chelsea quinn yarbro's play sherlock holmes and the case of the american twins may-june 2016 at baker street west (located on the second floor above hein & company bookstore at 204 main street, jackson, ca 95642). visit the baker street west facebook page for more details. the sacramento area regional theatre alliance has nominated baker street players for three awards for the production. the nominations are for costume design (linda hein, beth barnard, and makayla balash), production of original script (producers of the case of the american twins; beth barnard, linda hein, and wolf hein), and original script (chelsea quinn yarbro).

a "novella-ization" of the play is also available digitally from avalerion books.
cleveland writers press' smoke & shadow imprint published the second chesterton holte novel, living spectres, on november 1st, 2016. the publisher released the first book, haunting investigation, in december 2015.


sustenance, #27 in the saint-germain cycle, is available in hardcover and
digital formats. in sustenance, the vampire count saint-germain protects
americans fleeing persecution and becomes trapped in a web of betrayal,
deceit, and murder in post-wwii europe. read an excerpt at: http://us.macmillan.com/excerpt?isbn=9780765334015 from sustenance. 


in addition to re-releasing several saint-germain titles, noted below, open road has released digital editions of a number of stand-alone horror, fantasy and science novels, including:ariosto (alternate history/fantasy)
a baroque fable (fantasy)
beastnights (horror)
false dawn (science fiction)
firecode (horror)
the godforsaken (horror)
hyacinths (science fiction)
a mortal glamour (historical horror)
sins of omission (horror)
time of the fourth horseman (science fiction)
to the high redoubt (historical fantasy)
her earlier stand-alone e-books, magnificat and alas, poor yorick, are still available digitally from hidden knowledge.
the law in charity (published in 1989), has been reissued from oakledge press. about the law in charity: texas territories, 1848. at the edge of the mountains, in what would someday become colorado, the frontier community of charity needs someone to bring law and order. when the town council hires a sheriff, they make a surprising choice. jason nicholas everard russell is a horse lover, a world traveler, a former bow street runner, and the illegitimate son of an english lord. he has learned the hard way about the horror and futility of violence. though skilled with a gun, his preferred weapons are a baton and his wits. when a gang of murderous outlaws terrorizes the town, russell’s peace-loving ways and his mission to protect the people of charity are put to a severe test.


 chelsea quinn yarbro's official facebook fan page is live: http://www.facebook.com/authorchelseaquinnyarbro. if you are on facebook, please consider "liking" it and sharing the page with your friends and family.


event horizon ebooks has re-released the vampire novels trouble in the forest book one and trouble in the forest book two as e-books, along with the young adult historical four horses for tishtry, the stand-alone adult horror novel taji's syndrome and the story collectionapprehensions and other delusions. the e-publisher also re-released the mycroft holmes historical mystery series co-written with bill fawcett: against the brotherhood, embassy row,the flying scotsman and the scottish ploy.
lucy wisdome has a secret. in the three years since her mother died, lucy has tried to live a normal high school life while struggling to keep her mother’s memory alive. when she stumbles upon her mother’s book collection in the attic, she is unprepared for what she finds: books on magic, the occult, and numerology – things her mother never mentioned to her. and the more lucy reads, the more she discovers that what she never believed possible is now very real. when the group of outcast computer hackers she belongs to finds themselves targeted by something far beyond their abilities, lucy must confront her own fears and a powerful unknown enemy - or risk losing everything she has left.


the first three volumes in the high fantasy vildecaz talents series are now available digitally from avalerion books: nimuar's loss (#1), the deceptive oracle (#2) and agnith's promise (#3). the novels are also available in a single, omnibus edition (bound and digital formats) under the title the vildecaz talents.


many of yarbro's older, out of print saint-germain, olivia and madelaine
novels have recently been released as e-books courtesy of tor books and open road (the latter acquired e-reads in 2014), including:

hotel transylvania (open road)
the palace (open road)
blood games (open road)path of the eclipse (tor)
tempting fate (tor)
night blooming (tor)
midnight harvest (tor)
a flame in byzantium (olivia; tor)
crusader's torch (olivia;tor)
a candle for d'artagnan (olivia; tor)
other saint-germain and madelaine titles currently available in print or e-book editions include:

out of the house of life (madelaine; trade paperback from tor)
darker jewels (trade paperback from tor)
better in the dark (trade paperback from tor)
mansions of darkness (trade paperback from tor)
blood roses (trade paperback from tor)
communion blood (trade paperback from tor)
come twilight (trade paperback and as an e-book from tor)
a feast in exile (trade paperback and as an e-book from tor)
dark of the sun (trade paperback and as an e-book from tor)
states of grace (trade paperback and as an e-book from tor)
roman dusk (trade paperback and as an e-book from tor)
borne in blood (trade paperback and as an e-book from tor)
saint-germain: memoirs (trade paperback from elders signs press)
a dangerous climate (trade paperback and as an e-book from tor)
burning shadows (e-book from tor)
an embarrassment of riches (e-book from tor)
commedia della morte (hardcover and as an e-book from tor)
in the face of death (madelaine; e-book from hidden knowledge and a trade paperback from ben bella books)
yarbro's nonfiction workbook on writing, fine-tuning fiction, is now available as an e-book. fine-tuning fiction began as a two-part writing seminar yarbro gave at the writers connection in cupertino, california. this digital workbook combines both the lecture and the lab portions of yarbro's seminars. jane friedman, word play: helping writers become authors and penguin's book country have all featured special excerpts from the book.





copyright © 2017
darkecho design


