



 



off site catering & buffet catering services in bensalem, pa | r & r caterers























































 













skip to content



delicious food - impeccable services
delicious food - impeccable services

call today  215-638-7376










home
services

wedding catering
anniversary catering
birthday catering


menu

buffet
vegetables
hot
cold
breakfast
bbq
extras


reviews
blog
contact











off-site catering & buffet services: making your events memorable


whether you’re planning an intimate party or a grand celebration, our off-site catering and buffet services in bensalem, pa, are tailored to meet every need. imagine a spread of over 50 delectable entrees, bbq favorites, sumptuous desserts, and more, all designed to delight your guests and transform your event into a memorable experience. we offer catering services for all types of events, including the following:
wedding catering: a feast for your special day
your wedding deserves a celebration as unique and special as your love story. our team is here to craft a menu that complements the elegance and joy of your big day. from classic dishes to innovative cuisine, we have a menu for all tastes. let us handle the details, so you can focus on saying “i do.”
anniversaries: celebrating milestones with style
mark the journey of your love with a spread that’s as extraordinary as your years together. whether it’s your first, tenth, or fiftieth anniversary, our catering services add a touch of sophistication and joy to your celebration.
birthday catering: food to celebrate another year
birthdays are milestones that deserve a grand celebration. whether it’s a sweet sixteen, a fabulous forty, or any age in between, our diverse menu caters to all tastes and preferences. indulge in a feast that makes your special day even more memorable.
personalized service for every event
whether it’s a corporate event, a family reunion, or a community gathering, we are here to make sure food is the last thing you have to worry about. our team is committed to providing personalized service to ensure that your event is a complete success. with options to accommodate parties as small as 40 or as large as 800, and a range of delicious options, your event will be the talk of the town.
we also extend our services beyond just food. need help with finding the perfect venue, tables, chairs, or other rentals? we have you covered.
browse our menu online and see for yourself the array of options we offer. with competitive pricing and customizable packages, we are dedicated to making your event in the bensalem, pa area a stunning success.
planning an event should be as enjoyable as the event itself. leave the stress of food and service to us and spend your time making memories. contact us at 215-638-7376 to get started.









inquire with
r & r today



contact us
















"*" indicates required fields

name*email*

phone*type of event*privatecorporate eventhome functionotherdate of event*

mm slash dd slash yyyy

number of guests*messagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


yes



no
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ


r&r catering
fully licensed
fully insured
serve safe certified
member pa. restaurant association







culinary institute of american alumni '78
member of pennsylvania restaurant association
















call today!
215.638.7376
r & r caterers
3040 glenn ave. bensalem, pa 19020




delicious food
impecable service


© 2025 r & r caterers.
sitemap







homeservices

wedding cateringanniversary cateringbirthday catering
menu

buffetvegetableshotcoldbreakfastbbqextras
reviewsblogcontact

				× close panel			

























 
