 


home






 























thyme for health













home




iridology




clairvoyant readings




view cart




contact us




newsletters




catalog














home

guidance for healing the body, mind, and spirit.






my office is located at: 102 east main street suite 8, monroe, wa 98272. 
i am available by appointment only.
it is located upstairs in the doloff-key building on the corner of lewis street and main street. the entrance is on lewis street. i do not run a store out of here, it is my office to do readings out of, so you will not be able to just stop in and buy products.
i am no longer going to be manufacturing herbal products to sell on line. if you are one of my long time customers feel free to email me at thyme4health@yahoo.com or call and i would be happy to make your favorite product for you and ship it to you or you can pick it up at my office.
i am working on writing a book, which will contain all of my recipes so that you can buy the book and make them for yourselves as well. when this is finished it will be posted on the website for order. this is a work in progress and is taking a bit longer then i expected so please check back or email me if you are interested and i will contact you when i have it ready for order.
welcome to thyme for health's webstore. i know it has been a while since we no longer have our brick and mortor store front and the new phone number 425-516-3857, which is not so knew any more, but i keep this posted here as the internet search hasn't caught up with this yet, even though i have tried to change this in most on line places. you will get voice mail when you call. i now am only in my office with clients on thursday, friday, and saturday so chances are you will not be getting a call back until one of these days as i am very busy doing other things. i can also be contacted through email at thyme4health@yahoo.com, but the same applies, but chances are you may get a quicker reply as it is easier to email at midnight then it is to make a phone call to someone. i will no longer be answering general health questions for free. if you feel you have an urgent health question then you are welcome to schedule a reading or health consultation. if what you are experiencing feels like an emergency then i urge you to go see the appropriate health care provider. 
                                                                                           ©





















