



north dakota farms, land and ranches for sale













							north dakota farms – ranches – land real estate for sale
							land for sale, farms for sale, ranches for sale, pasture for sale
							also hay land, hunting land, crop land, farm land, crp land for sale
							lake homes, country homes, farmsteads & rural investment properties for sale

central north dakota's leading family owned & operated farm & ranch real estate company.




























welcome to prairie rose realty, inc. we offer north dakota land, farms, ranches, rural property, hunting land, crp and investment land, wetland and pasture for sale.
our properties are constantly changing and we update this site regularly, so please click on your "refresh" button for the latest information. last update: february 15th 2025. 1 new listing(s)!
click "refresh" button at the top of your computer screen!
to view a list of properties for sale click here. then click on the underlined name of property that you are interested in for photos, maps and additional information. please contact us if you have any questions. thank you for your interest.

north dakota: now this is god's country!!

according to the most recent rankings from the federal agriculture department, north dakota leads in the production of spring wheat, durum wheat, oil sunflowers, honey, flaxseed, canola and pinto beans. it’s also the top state in the production of all dry beans and all wheat.
north dakota is second in all sunflowers, as well as in confection sunflowers, black beans, navy beans, lentils and dry peas. north dakota has the seventh-most land in farms, at 39.3 million acres. take a look at our listings of land for sale and become a part of this promising future.
- naomi turner, broker gri



				 
			














701-475-2784

toll free 800-728-7558

email: landbroker@bektel.com

													naomi (benz)turner, broker
graduate of realtor institute (gri)
member north dakota association of realtors
national association of realtors






prairie rose realty inc.

since 1985

location: 101
														e. broadway ave., steele
														mailing address: 421 fourth st. sw
														steele, north dakota 58482
													

facsimile 701-475-2767

www.prairieroserealty.com

copyright © 2025   prairie rose realty inc.
														all rights reserved
													














