












home - allison brothers race cars














			 
 
 



			 
 
 



			 
 
 




               
			


 











      ~   salisbury, nc




happy new year! thank you to all legacy series drivers, owners, families, sponsors and all tracks where the series races-florence, dillon, hickory, caraway, orange county, carteret and new river all american......stay tuned for 2025 schedule.............................................

















						 



						 






									team log in




						 






									history



 








2024  rulebook



						 












						 



  justin 
									allison





donnie 
									allison



 
  

bobby allison



taylor stricklin













us  weather  radar  



						 







						 







						 







						 







						 







						 







						 







						 







						 



















						 



						 



 




allison legacy race series


 




news & events-




2025 licenses and paperwork available              
                    2025 
                    schedule


2025 
                    annual safety bulletin



2024 
                    banquet 










 






































 




    r.i.p 
                      fred

                    the 2024 alrs banquet was enjoyed by all this past saturday 
                    night. matthew davey started the night out with the blessing 
                    and remembrance of fred. he was followed by recognition of 
                    donnie allison and speaker aaron brown, owner of the garage 
                    shop and former nascar crew member. drivers on hand to 
                    receive trophies and awards were champion ethan elder, 
                    matthew davey, caleb harris, cohen harris, bobby mares, 
                    chris torrence, andon mendenhall, luke fisher and devan 
                    mello.the 2024 rookie of the year and 2024 hard charger of 
                    the year was bobby mares. chris torrence got the most 
                    improved driver award and zach harris got the mechanic of 
                    the year award. the sportsmanship award went to james 
                    torrence. the following weekend warriors were acknowledged 
                    fred mason, joe elder, brandon mendonca, david davey, eva 
                    elder and tony cosentino. thank yous were in order to bob 
                    and kim midgette and tim and sherry niesen for their help at 
                    all the tracks. there were 18 different drivers from 3 
                    different states that competed in the series and 5 different 
                    race winners, andon mendenhall, ryan todd, ethan elder, 
                    matthew davey and justin oplinger. there were 4 different 
                    rookies of the race, bobby mares, cohen harris, caleb harris 
                    and killian mcmann. thank you to all drivers, crews, owners, 
                    sponsors and families for making this past year a success. 
                    thanks to florence motor speedway, dillon motor speedway, 
                    caraway speedwway, carteret speedway, orange county 
                    speedway, new river speedway and hickory motor speedway for 
                    allowing this series to compete at your tracks. thank you to 
                    interstate batteries of carolina beaches, the alrs advisory 
                    board and suppliers, manfredi logistics, melvin joseph 
                    family, hayes jewelers and russell branham......



					 




picture below in memory of fred mason (2nd 
                    from left) who left us way too soon. a super person. he will 
                    be missed









































































































2024 drivers





allison legacy race series 
					partners with interstate batteries of carolina beaches





salisbury, n.c. (march 4, 2024) – the allison 
					legacy race series is excited to announce that 


interstate batteries of carolina beaches will 
					serve as a race sponsor throughout the entire 2024 season. 
					the new partnership will consist of awarding each allison 
					legacy race series race winner with a product from 
					interstate batteries of carolina beaches, beginning with the 
					opener at florence motor speedway on march 16 and continuing 
					through the season that ends in november.“we are excited to 
					welcome interstate batteries of carolina beaches to the 
					allison legacy racing family,” said allison legacy race 
					series owner, kenny allison. “interstate batteries has been 
					involved in racing for decades and is a proven winner. we 
					are happy to have them onboard.”  interstate batteries 
					of carolina beaches that’s based in myrtle beach, sc, is 
					known for its 

"outrageously dependable” products. since the 
					1950’s, interstate batteries products and service have 
					offered quality batteries, industry leading expertise, and 
					preferred products among automotive professionals. 
					interstate batteries has a distributor network of 300 
					wholesale warehouses, 150,000 repair businesses and parts 
					stores and 200 interstate all battery center franchise 
					battery stores “interstate batteries of carolina beaches is 
					proud to support the famous allison legacy race series this 
					2024 season,” said zach harris, of interstate batteries of 
					carolina beaches. 
					the 2024 allison legacy race series season will feature13 
					races in 2024. events will be held at tracks throughout 
					north carolina and south carolina, including caraway 
					speedway, carteret county speedway, dillon motor speedway, 
					florence motor speedway, hickory motor speedway, new river 
					american speedway and orange county speedway.


 






allison 
					legacy series drivers



 



2023 a year 
					in review









































 
 
















































					 







					 




































							 

							 


photo credits to 
							my productions
and kim midgette











photo credit - tim 
					niesen















					 








matthew davey rockingham race 
					winner








matthew davey & crew








2nd justin oplinger & crew








3rd andon mendenhall & crew








4th ryan todd & crew







					 







 






















							 

							 















							 

							 











florence race start







pictures courtesy of 
					kim midgette and willian toler



cars on track







					 






 




covid 19 disclaimer-any 
					individual being permitted to compete, officiate, observe, 
					work, or participate in any way in any allison legacy 
					series races event(s) acknowledge that they are aware that 
					by entering the premises and participating in the event(s) 
					that there are risks to them and to those with whom they 
					interact of exposure, directly or indirectly, to 
					communicable disease(s) including but not limited to the 
					virus "severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 
					(sars-cov-2)", "covid-19" and/or any mutation or variation 
					thereof; any individual being permitted to compete, 
					officiate, observe, work, or participate in any way in any 
					of the allison legacy series races event(s) voluntarily 
					agree to release, waive, discharge and covenant not to sue 
					on behalf of himself/herself or on behalf of others with 
					whom they interact, the promoters, participants, racing 
					associations, sanctioning organizations or any subdivision 
					thereof, track operators, track owners, officials, 
					competition vehicle owners, drivers, pit crews, rescue 
					personnel, any persons in any restricted area, promoters, 
					sponsors, advertisers, owners and leasees of premises used 
					to conduct the event(s), premises and event inspectors, 
					surveyors, underwriters, consultants and others who give 
					recommendations, directions, or instructions or engage in 
					risk evaluation or loss control activities regarding the 
					premises or event(s) and each of them, their directors, 
					officers, agents and employees, all for the purpose herein 
					referred to as "releasees", from all liability to 
					himself/herself, their personal representatives, assigns, 
					heirs, and next of kin for any and all loss or damage, and 
					any claim or demands therefor, whether caused by the 
					negligence of the releasees or otherwise; any individual 
					being permitted to compete, officiate, observe, work, or 
					participate in any way in any of the allison legacy series 
					races event(s) agree to indemnify and save and hold harmless 
					the releasees and each of them from any loss, liability, 
					damage, or cost they may incur arising out of or related to 
					their illness or death, whether caused by the negligence of 
					the releasees or otherwise. 1/01/2022



allison 
					legacy racing



come join the allison legacy race series - many drivers who 
					are in the top nascar series, and the many late model divisions 
					at local tracks and late model  touring series have 
					come through the allison legacy series.  if you just are looking for 
					an economical touring series and want to have fun racing, 
					you have found the right place. 2011 daytona 500 winner 
					trevor bayne, regan smith, brian vickers, joey logano, david 
					ragan, erik darnell, kelly bires, timmy hill, john hunter 
					nemechek, leilani munter, gus dean, daniel hemric and 
					harrison rhodes are among the allison legacy drivers 
					who are racing in nascar's and arca's most prestigious series. for info email to:
					legacycars@aol.com 


 








for your 
					atv and motorcycle purchases & service - go to 
					www.ironhorsemc.com


safety is at the top of our list here at allison brothers 
					race cars, inc. and in the allison legacy race series.  
					use your seat belts at all times not only in your race car 
					but in your street car too.                         
					                      2010 click it or ticket 
					video  click here  click on video messages 
					    
					



 



all photos on this website 
					property of compcar of nc © photo credits to brian metski, steve hogue, 
					wayne wrights, compcar, sean o'connell, kathy bonds, penny 
					allison, cal, destination raceday, thomas lee, hunter thomas, 
					tracy phillips, kim midgette, kara c's photography, 
					tyndall's photos,
					warrencabaniss@gmail.com/fast4ward films


 




operation of the allison legacy vehicle exposes you to 
						risks of death or serious bodily injury.  allison 
						brothers race cars, inc. and compcar of nc, inc. make no 
						warranties, expressed or implied of merchantability, 
						fitness for purpose, or otherwise. © 
					2024 compcar of nc, inc. 



allison legacy series charities



the allison legacy series has 
					contributed to the following charities:  shriners 
					childrens hospital, relay for life-rowan county-american 
					cancer society, special olympics, victory junction gang 
					camp, falling creek baptist church mission trips-goldsboro, 
					nc, patriot guard riders, focus motorsports ministries and 
					various hospices.


 







 








search legacy









 site search
						web search

powered by 
						freefind         
						




 













 










 


 


 


 


 


 









2024 points












pos

							driver

							pts



							1

							e.elder

							1257



							1

							m.davey

							1247



							3

							cal.harris

							1047



							4

							coh.harris

							995



							5

							b.mares

							967



							6

							c.torrence

							860



							7

							a.mendenhall

							742



							8

							l.fisher

							662



							9

							r.todd

							424



							10

							k.mcmann

							282



							11

							l.smothers

							231



							12

							j.oplinger

							208



							13

							k.siler

							168



							14

							w.freeman

							153



							15

							r.parker

							138



							16

							c.abbott

							69



							16

							n.barrows

							69



							18

							j.sparks

							52











								 








 









		 








 











		 








		 


 






 








						 







						 







						 



						 








 



 

copyright 
			- allison brothers race cars, inc 
			all rights reserved  2024
 


 


			 
 








