luxury vacations & bespoke tours | elegant ireland | geraldine murtaghget in touch menuhometours and eventsluxury irish tourscorporate meetings & eventstourist guides and chauffeursromantic honeymoons & getawaysindividual guided tourstrip planningprivate castle & villa rentalsfamily gatheringsgolf vacationstestimonialsnewscontacthometours and eventsluxury irish tourscorporate meetings & eventstourist guides and chauffeursromantic honeymoons & getawaysindividual guided tourstrip planningprivate castle & villa rentalsfamily gatheringsgolf vacationstestimonialsnewscontactclose menuluxury tailor-made tours with privileged behind-the-scenes accessluxury castle and villa rentalsproviding exclusivity, privacy and securitycustomised itineraries and trip planningthat reflect your tastes and interestsfamily vacations and gatherings that provide space and time to develop relationships elegant ireland has been at the forefront of irish heritage tourism since 1984, providing unique   customised tours and exquisite vacation accommodation in ireland and northern ireland whatever your interests - art, architecture, archaeology, houses and gardens, history, folklore, literature, or something entirely different -we will deliver an unsurpassed experience   our philosophy is simple: to translate dreams into reality by creating once-in-a-lifetime travel experiences  elegant ireland is ranked as one of the world’s top travel specialists by the prestigious international magazine, condé nast traveler."to turn a vacation into an i’ll-tell-my-grand-children-about-this lifetime high point, you need an ‘experience maker’, as we refer to them here at condé nast traveler.  the right ‘experience maker’ will intuit your desires before you even know what they are - then they’ll make them happen.  these 164 travel specialists can do exactly that, no matter what your interests are.""ultravilla loves elegant ireland.  why?  not only because of its unparalleled ability to acquire the most incredible historic private castles, manor houses, and contemporary villas across the emerald isle, but also for its extra special talent at getting privileged access to stately homes, private gardens, and behind-the-scenes attractions not mentioned in any guidebook.  we are talking intimate knowledge, and expert care that few others can offer.  and we know because we’ve experienced it."
ultravilla is the world’s first global villa consultancy, bringing together the best and most exclusive properties.   	elegant ireland, box no. 10871, dublin 8, ireland. phone: +353 (0)1 473 2505fax: +353 (0)1 473 2430e-mail: info@elegant.ie© copyright  elegant ireland.website design by dmac media