






british art, contemporary artists, paintings and limited edition prints.













































































































































































 






featured british artists



							winter exhibtion - 31/12/2024
						






						latest british contemporary art
					

british art exhibitions
british art news
british art glossary
british art galleries 
public art galleries 
british art care 
british art investment 
british art lighting 
british art gifts & presents 
british art commissions
british art introduction
british art education 
british affordable art
british art prices 

 


 red rag gallery - fine contemporary art & sculpture contemporary art from british artists 
leading uk art gallery red rag specialises in fine british contemporary art, sculptures and  limited edition prints. with a worldwide customer base and reputation for promoting both affordable art and also major contemporary art pieces from present day artists and sculptors, red rag gallery is the perfect place to buy british art. 
red rag gallery combines a high street presence with the convenience of an online website allowing you to buy in complete confidence. you can visit and buy art at our galleries seven days a week. alternatively buying art can be done anytime using our comprehensive website. the website covers a number of contemporary art topics including:  british art galleries; art investment;  british art news  and art glossary. there is also a comprehensive section on limited edition print featuring:  top selling prints and featured print artists. 
buy online now or call 01451 832563.





 architectural paintings
as one of the leading uk art galleries red rag continually offers new contemporary art for sale every day. you can buy art any day of the week. the red rag website allows you to buy contemporary paintings and modern  sculptures 24 hours a day. so whether you are looking for great affordable art from young artists or major pieces you will find it at red rag. 
red rag provides contemporary art for business or art for home. whether it is art for offices or art for homes there is always interesting contemporary paintings and sculpture from today's artists at the gallery. the portfolio of contemporary art paintings at red rag is extensive comprising: architectural paintings, landscape paintings, marine paintings, portrait paintings, naive paintings, still life paintings, surrealist paintings, seascape paintings and paintings of wildlife . 

the gallery also offers contemporary sculptures from leading british sculptors for both the home and the garden .


 
 paintings of figures
red rag represent many of today's leading british artists. many are members of leading art societies such as royal society of british artists and the new english art club. they include:   stephen brown,   susan brown, charles hardaker,  amanda hoskin, roy hodrien,  janet ledger, andrew macara,  

 martin llewellyn and mark preston. the gallery also shows a number of scottish artists including: joe hargan pppai and george birrell 
in addition to contemporary paintings and limited edition prints red rag regularly shows sculpture from leading british sculptors including mark hall, carl longworth and adam binder. all sculptures featured by the gallery are sourced directly from the studio of each sculptor.   

this guarantees authenticity and value for each sculpture. sculpture for sale at red rag are bronzes with subjects ranging from figures and animal bronzes to abstract sculptures. 
 

 
 landscape paintings
limited edition prints are a perfect way to start an affordable art collection. they can also make the ideal gift. at red rag you will always find a great choice of limited edition prints and art prints from british artists. the print portfolio is extensive and includes many subjects and genres.
the red rag limited edition print range features british art in a carefully selected portfolio of art prints. and, buying art prints from red rag is simple with uk delivery usually taking just a day or two and worldwide delivery in about a week. the red rag gallery limited edition prints portfolio features contemporary art prints from many of today's leading artists including: richard adams,  mark preston, michael kidd, john lines, john lowrie morrison and rex preston. 
open everyday - buy online or call 01451 832563.

 
 
british art from  rex preston  and mark preston  at red rag gallery 
red rag has a changing program of contemporary art events. 
at red rag in stow (cotswolds) we currently have the winter exhibition. click here for latest exhibition brochure.
  
at red rag in bath this month we have the vanessa bowman & este macleod exhibition. click here for latest exhibition brochure. 
those unable to visit a red rag gallery can still see our portfolio of contemporary paintings, sculpture and  limited edition prints on our websites.  the majority of contemporary art sales at red rag consist of works sourced directly from the artist studio. however, the gallery also undertakes the buying and selling art and acts as a broker offering an art resale brokerage service for clients wishing to sell. and, buying from red rag gallery is simple, 

all contemporary art works can be bought and  shipped to collectors worldwide. 



 
 still life paintings
latest british art news: new contemporary paintings now in the gallery from:  vanessa bowman and bryan hanlon plus 
limited edition prints from david farren prints and susan brown prints
 coming soon: there is always new contemporary art arriving at red rag gallery. just arrived new paintings from artist christian moore and michael alford and stephen john owen. recent art works include new paintings from heather moseley, rex preston, amanda hoskin, roy hodrien, endre roder and terence clarke. on art brokerage there are resales of george underwood paintings plus new sculptures from british sculptors mark hall and adam binder. just in - new limited edition prints from andrew macara. 





 british sculptors
for future events featuring shows of contemporary art, sculpture, limited edition prints please contact the gallery 
contact red rag on 01451 832563.
red rag gallery  - affordable british contemporary art and  limited  edition prints 


 


george underwood




stephen brown rba



















© red rag gallery 2003 - 2025



















home | 



british art and paintings

 | 


british artists

 | 


british contemporary art

 | 


scottish art and paintings

 | 


scottish artists

 | 


irish art and paintings

 | 


irish artists

 | 


 | 



	limited edition prints

 | 



	sculptures

 | 



	modern art




british art galleries | 
			london art galleries | 
			bath art galleries | 
			bristol art galleries | 
			bedfordshire art galleries | 
			cornwall art galleries | 
			cotswolds art galleries | 
			dorset art galleries | 
			gloucestershire art galleries
hertfordshire art galleries | 
			oxfordshire art galleries | 
			surrey art galleries | 
			warwickshire art galleries | 
			worcestershire art galleries


scottish art galleries | 
			edinburgh art galleries | 
			glasgow art galleries |
		

irish art galleries |
			belfast art galleries |
			dublin art galleries


selling art and art resales






						terms and conditions
					 | 
					
						privacy policy
					 | 
					
						cookies
					





modern art  gallery of contemporary modern paintings 
	and art by modern modern artists - red rag bath modern art gallery
find modern art  and paintings by: 

landscape |
		portrait |
		abstract |
		home |
		figures |
	
modern art  gallery of contemporary
	modern paintings 
	and art by modern modern artists  - red rag bath modern art gallery



