



















bio oxygen air purification sterilisation odor control





































































  

 














home
about us

about us
worldwide locations
our customers
news


technology

how it works
bio-oxygen  process
odour treatment process
model 7000
model 8000
model 9000
mk2 odour control
air flow calculations
application guides


customer solutions

kitchen exhaust
food processing
hospital solutions
sewage plants

sewerage plant odour control




case studies

bacteria reports
chemical reports
tobacco reports
customer referrals


support

customer portal
maintenance contracts
warranty


contact



 search


 



skip to content 









odor, sterilisation and purification systems


bio-oxygen air purification and sterilisation systemsscaleable solutions forair sterilisationbio-oxygen manufactures odour control solutions for hospitals & operating rooms. learn more

safe, pure airair purificationbio-oxygen manufacture a range of air purifiers, air stabiliser and air steriliser especially for the air purification of cigarette smoke.learn more

commercial solutions forodor controlwe stand behind our product and have had many independent tests done to measure the effectiveness of our product.learn more

bio oxygen. air purification, sterilisation & odor control solutions for public areas. clubs, office, apartment blocks and underground car-parks (parking lots).lifetime warrantythe bio-oxygen quality warranty gives you peace of mind for the life of your machine. we stand behind our quality product and offer this unique warranty on guarantee our products and services.annual maintenance agreementsannual maintenance is put in place for the yearly electrode exchange which is an important part of keeping your machine running at optimal efficiency. the yearly electrode exchange gives you the opportunity to exchange your electrodes to ensure you always have reliable electrodes to ensure the efficient running of your machines.performance guaranteebio-oxygen provide a comprehensive performance guarantee  on our air purification and sterilisation units. if your unit was installed by a licensed bio-oxygen installer, then you are eligible for our performance guarantee.customer portalthe customer portal is a secure log in space where our customers can download brochures and other information pertaining to our machines. request your log in today and gain access to a wide range of literature.

newsstay tunedview all bio-oxygen europe – editor’s choice awards finalistbio-oxygen europe has been nominated and become an editor’s choice awards finalist at the uk food processing awards 2017. these awards are attended by the uk’s elite food producers nationwide. read more   >breathing difficultiesbreathing difficulties caused by contaminated air inside office buildings can cause a range of medical respiratory problems. many people have breathing difficulties and other medical problems. read more   >smoking roomswill cigarette ash in air conditioned smoking rooms be removed by the bio-oxygen process? it is imperative to get the correct filter to remove cigarette ask from your smoking area. […]read more   >

what customers are saying about us
air systems for the samsung hospital, korea.samsung hospitalkoreathe improved environment that has been created within th ehotel is greatly appreciated.ivanhoe hotelmanly, australiathe board of directors were impressed with the system's performance and a decision was made to leave the system in place. since installation it has been a great sucess and i would have no hesitation in recommending the system to anyone in the club industry.five dock rsl clubnsw, australiathe most pleasing aspect are the comments from non-smokers that after a visit to the club their clothes do not smell of smoke and their eyes are not sore. the bi-oxygen equipment has had a signifigant effect.casino rsl clubnsw, australiai am delighted to inform you that it has been a great sucess. the comments we have been reciveing from our patrons have been excellent and we no longer have any problems with cigarette smoke and odour in the club.central coast leagues clubnsw, australiasince installing the bio-oxygen air purifier, instead of 100% outside air, the supply air is now composed of 60% return air and 40% outsie air. now there is no residual smoke in the smokers lounge even though, most of the time, the room is filled with smokers.<br />
sydney airportnsw, australia

 









bio-oxygen for pure air bio-oxygen providing energy efficient clean air solutions to many industries for over 30 years. draw on our expertise for your next project.
 

servicescontact us
support
home – bio oxygen



 search


 

resourcescustomer portal
annual maintenance contracts – electrode exchange program
warranty | performance guarantees
technology
bio-oxygen air treatment solutions | the process
air treatment case studies



 search


 

contact us please contact us for more information about your air purifiying needs. 
sign up to our newsletter for all the latest news from bio-oxygen. enter your email address in the box below to be included.
 




© 2016 bio oxygen - all rights reserved 



 



























