

 

















equine veterinarian in santa fe, nm | thal equine regional equine hospital









































































 phone: (505) 438-6590  -  
 69 bonanza creek rd., santa fe, nm 87508  
















menu

home
about

meet our team
facility
for the planet
testimonials


articles
referrals
online store
services

a better way to recover horses….
colic surgery
complex podiatry cases
digital radiography
digital ultrasound
dressage and training
elective surgery
emergency services
in-house laboratory
intensive care and isolation barn
mobile ambulatory service
on-site boarding & rehabilitation
performance horse lameness and pre-purchase exams
reproduction
servicios en español
thermography
the whole horse exam™


horse side vet guide®
contact

directions
televet medicine


 













 welcome to thal equine regional equine hospital

  call us today:  (505) 438-6590  
  69 bonanza creek rd.  santa fe, nm 87508 







 appointments 
 get directions 

 scroll down for more!






call us: (505) 438-6590
get directions
request an appointment













  about us  
you bring your horse to thal equine when you really need a solution. we work with your veterinarian to provide the additional diagnostic tests and treatments needed to do that. using the logic embodied in horse side vet guide, we can help you understand the best treatment options for your horse and get the best possible outcome.










 elective surgery 
 
  read more  









 emergency services 
 
  read more  









 performance horse lameness 
 
  read more  









 complex podiatry cases 
 
  read more  









 digital radiography 
 
  read more  














 new clients welcome! 








  client reviews  







jo l.
my local vet insisted that i bring my horse to thal equine fir surgery.   now i understand why. doctor thal and his staff are a talented and caring group of equine practitioners.  the surgery was on time and my mare was well cared for.  the facility was modern and clean.  i'll be sure to return if i need his their services in future.  it's 5 hour drive for me but definitely worth the effort.


 j 





andrew a.
dr thal and his team have provided excellent service to our many horses over the last four years.  they combine medical expertise with real empathy for the human horse connection.   they take time to educate us as fix the specific medical issue.


 a 





connie t.
wonderful and exemplary experience with dr. thal and his staff! my horse ‘doc’ of 23 years had an extremely serious and complicated colic. doc and i were received immediately upon arrival by thal and his staff. they took the time to be very professional and compassionate with me. they realized surgery was necessary,  and the surgery and follow up care was successful. doc has recovered and back to his old self. i will be forever grateful to thal and his staff!


 c 





james d.
my wife's horse had a bad colic that ended up needing emergency surgery.   as she arrived at thal  equine surgery everyone on the team was there waiting.  after surgery her horse remained for follow up which was very important as the horse needed additional medications, etc.  the care and communication  with which the team  was concerned about was  a tremendous relief to us as well as  the recommendations  for further care.  we felt  my wife's horse was given the best care possible and would not hesitate to send anyone to thal equine surgery.  thanks to the impressive team  at thal equine our horse is on the road to a complete recovery.  mucho, mucho thanks.....mike & april dellas


 j 





terrina r.
i could not have asked for a better experience when i took my horse to dr. thal. he was professional, caring and extremely thorough. he listened to all my concerns and gave me lots of information that was helpful in making the tough decisions i needed to make. i felt like he was super supportive and ultimately he saved my horse's life. i am so grateful for him and his wonderful staff too! his facility is beautiful, clean and nicely equipped. my horse was super blessed to get referred to dr. thal, especially since it was late at night and an emergency! i'm so grateful that his clinic was there for me and my horse, peso! highly recommend!!!


 t 





john r.
dr. thal and his staff came together quickly with little notice on a saturday night to perform colic surgery and save our gelding “checkers”.  the follow up care and daily update was above and beyond expectation and very comforting during a stressful time. checkers is home and well on his way to a full recovery. we are so thankful to have such a talented vet and equine surgeon nearby.  likewise all of the thal equine staff are gems in their own right. thank you dr. thal and thal equine staff!


 j 





forest b.
dr. thal and his staff are very professional and kind. my 7 year old quarter horse had a life threatening large colon impaction. living in pagosa springs, i was directed from my local vet to haul my horse to thal equine in santa fe for colic surgery. it was a very scary situation i've never been in before and an equine surgeon i've never met before. once we arrived dr. thal was personable, honest and professional. he made me feel comfortable about leaving my horse with him. he did preform the colic surgery just in time  to remove the huge impaction and saved my horses life. my horse is home now and healthy as can be thanks to thal equine.


 f 











a full-service equine referral hospital located near santa fe, nm
serving new mexico and southern colorado
thal equine is the best-equipped and most capable equine hospital between albuquerque and the denver metro area. dr thal, a lifelong horseman and equine vet since 1993, has been solving tough equine veterinary problems since he started practice. the practice has added and lost staff and veterinarians over the years, but one thing has stayed the same- a commitment to providing thorough veterinary care, exemplary customer service and great communication. we do have a fully-equipped mobile practice, but our emphasis is on providing top-quality hospital services. here are a few things customers have said about this practice over the years. please check out our testimonials!






 latest articles 






 worms vs. drugs: the fundamentals 
 research over the past 10 years has confirmed that indiscriminate deworming leads to selection for worms resistant to common deworming compounds.  because of this, “targeted deworming”... 
 read more 







 winter health care basics for horses 
 generally, horses are not used as heavily during the winter months, but their proper care is every bit as important as in other seasons.  winter provides... 
 read more 







 what? you are going to roll my horse? 
 case report from thal equine llc january 2015   friday, an 11-year-old thoroughbred gelding, arrived at thal equine showing signs of abdominal pain (colic).  he had... 
 read more 










  contact us  



 information 

 thal equine regional equine hospital 
   (505) 438-6590  
   69 bonanza creek rd., santa fe, nm 87508 




name*phone*email*

message*commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 















 



sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia 


  call us   text us 

























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










