








above the waterline, ltd.













above the waterline shipwright services

home
design
build
vessels
news
contact
login





mobile shipwright services
















electronics

we will help you choose and electronics package that is right for your boat.   chartplotters, radars, depth sounders, weather, music, autopilot and the supporting carpentry and fiberglass mounts to make them operational.    vhf radios with exceptional range.    installation can make a huge difference to how electronics perform and how long they last.    we will back it up with our 3 year guarantee on all electronics installations.      










electrical power

the main power connections on a boat are usually in the engine room.   waterproof distribution systems are more reliable, are corrosion free and last a lifetime.    we custom build electrical panels in our shop on haley street in downtown santa barbara.   
more info










electrical panels

updating an electrical system in a boat gives a feeling of confidence that the lights will be on and you will be safe.   we use the best panels from blue sea systems wired to abyc specifications.  
more info











solar

solar power is the most liberating form of house power for a cruising sailboat.   this custom solar panel folds out, turns and pivots to angle at the sun, then tucks away for low windage during crossings.    this solar panel has worked flawlessly for 20,000 miles of cruising in the south pacific.      










propulsion systems
solar, electric and hybrid powertrains custom designed on solidworks and manufactured at our facility onhaley street.    we will work with all new boat builders to electrify your new boat.   










hatches

a brand new hatch can really dress up your boat, get rid of leaks and make an opaque or cracked hatch transparent again.     we can replace hatches or install new hatches.   knowing how a boat is built lets us customize a boat to give you the functionality you are looking for.   










windlasses

a powerful windlass makes anchoring a breeze.   we engineer windlass installations to be able to handle the loads these systems encounter, handle the chain, and make them easy and safe to use.   this windlass has been in operation for a decade with 100 percent uptime.    










on board diagnostics

our subsidiary, dc-ground specializes in refitting and new builds with on board diagnostics embedded into the electrical system.  this give owners a health check on every component on their boat, rapid troubleshooting of ground faults, and corrosion monitoring capabilities.   especially useful on aluminum boats susceptible to hot harbors, work boats and cruising boats in need of 100 percent uptime in their operations.  










mobile toolboat service

we have completed large jobs in marinas from san diego to san francisco.    










abyc
above the waterline is a member of the american boat and yacht council.   the owner, james lambden is an abyc marine electrical technician.   all of the work that we perform is done to abyc standards.     







above the waterlinemobile shipwright services




above the waterline, ltd.625c east haley streetsanta barbara, ca 93103usa






copyright ©2021 above the waterline, ltd., all rights reserved.





search










solid modelling
systems integration


composites
carpentry

teak and holly floor

electrical

re-wiring
circuit breaker panels
dc distribution
ac distribution
solar

fixed mount solar
single axis solar mount
dual axis solar mount
3 axis folding solar array

powerboat windlass
sailboat windlass

electronics
plexiglass

hard dodger
windows with frames
hatches

plumbing
propulsion
rigging

masts



condor express
harmony
kapowai
shearwater
swell
the toolboat


abyc - the reference point - hybrid
abyc - the reference point - toolboat
electric and hybrid marine technology
pacific coast sportfishing
boat us magazine
professional boatbuilder
latitudes and attitudes


island photo vessel

