








greater london linux user group – a linux user group for those in london


























skip to content



greater london linux user group
a linux user group for those in london
menu and widgets




stay in touchmailing list
twitter
irc
  recent posts 

pre-fosdem meetup thu 2nd feb at the mulberry bush pub from 6pm


foss talk live 2016, 6th august kings cross


meetup wed 27th july 2016 at the blacksmith and toffeemaker pub (near angel station) from 6pm


irc


meetup thu 28th jan at the mulberry bush pub (near waterloo station) 6pm


 categories 
meetings

news

resources

uncategorized




search for:



 







pre-fosdem meetup thu 2nd feb at the mulberry bush pub from 6pm 

happy new year all.
we will be meeting up on the thursday before fosdem – 2nd february from 6pm at the mulbery bush pub which is near waterloo station.
it’s a great chance for anyone who is interested in linux and open source to have a few drinks and a chat with some like-minded people in a nice informal atmosphere. anyone and everyone is welcome, so spread the word and bring people along, especially if you’re in the area to head to fosdem.
hope to see you there.
directions to the mulberry bush
mulberry bush
89 upper ground, southbank, london, se1 9pp
leave waterloo via the original main entrance in order to head towards the south bank.  the main entrance is found by turning left after coming through any of the ticket barriers, and is at the far end of the concourse beyond platform 18, on the right next to the lost luggage.  head through the glass doors and down the stone steps, if you find yourself on a bridge you’ve gone the wrong way, come back and look on your left for the glass doors.
once down the steps head to your left, cross some zebra crossings and generally follow what is likely to be the main crowd towards the traffic lights to cross york road.  the aim is to stroll along sutton walk, the pedestrian walkway under the blue lattice bridge, towards the south bank.  once under the bridge continue straight towards the royal festival hall and you will shortly reach a t-junction with belvedere road before you actually get to the hall.
turn right and walk along that road – this is the home straight, except it’s the longest section of the trip!  i’m afraid this part isn’t much to look at, you’ll pass the national theatre, ibm and itv and just when you think you’ve gone wrong, the mulberry bush will appear on your right hand side.
the route looks like this
the pub looks like this


posted on january 16, 2017may 2, 2017author mattcategories uncategorized 



foss talk live 2016, 6th august kings cross 

much like london busses, a second london linux event has also come along.
foss talk live 2016 is a free evening of linux podcasts on saturday 6th august at the harrison near kings cross. the main event is ticketed, taking place in the basement of the pub and i expect there will be a large public social gathering upstairs in the main bar area.
all of the tickets for the main event have been reserved but i expect that in the time between the four live shows, people will congregate upstairs and that not everyone will go down to watch every show.
so if you are in london on the evening of the 6th august, come along. this isn’t an official gllug meet up but there will almost definitely be like minded people there and it should be good fun.
full details at http://fosstalk.com


posted on july 14, 2016may 2, 2017author joecategories meetings 



meetup wed 27th july 2016 at the blacksmith and toffeemaker pub (near angel station) from 6pm 

not to make this look like a 6 monthly meetup, but that’s what it’s going to be.
we’ll be meeting on wednesday the 27th of july 2016 from 6pm at the blacksmith and toffeemaker pub, a 5 minute walk from angel tube station, or just behind city university.
it’s a new venue for us, not sure what to expect. wear a geeky shirt or t-shirt so we can identify each other, don’t forget to bring a friend.
look forward to seeing you there.
the blacksmith and toffeemaker
292-294 st john street, london,  ec1v 4pa


posted on july 14, 2016may 2, 2017author mattcategories meetings 



irc 

you can chat to us on irc on #gllug on freenode or by using freenode’s web based irc client.


posted on april 15, 2016may 2, 2017author mattcategories uncategorized 



meetup thu 28th jan at the mulberry bush pub (near waterloo station) 6pm 

a new year, a new site and a new meetup!
we will be meeting up on the thursday before fosdem – 28th january from 6pm at the mulbery bush pub which is near waterloo station.
it’s a great chance for anyone who is into linux and open source to have a few drinks and a chat with some like-minded people in a nice informal atmosphere. anyone and everyone is welcome, so spread the word and bring people along! the pub has the usual selection of drinks and also has a pretty decent menu.
 
directions to the mulberry bush
mulberry bush
89 upper ground, southbank, london, se1 9pp
leave waterloo via the original main entrance in order to head towards the south bank.  the main entrance is found by turning left after coming through any of the ticket barriers, and is at the far end of the concourse beyond platform 18, on the right next to the lost luggage.  head through the glass doors and down the stone steps, if you find yourself on a bridge you’ve gone the wrong way, come back and look on your left for the glass doors.
once down the steps head to your left, cross some zebra crossings and generally follow what is likely to be the main crowd towards the traffic lights to cross york road.  the aim is to stroll along sutton walk, the pedestrian walkway under the blue lattice bridge, towards the south bank.  once under the bridge continue straight towards the royal festival hall and you will shortly reach a t-junction with belvedere road before you actually get to the hall.
turn right and walk along that road – this is the home straight, except it’s the longest section of the trip!  i’m afraid this part isn’t much to look at, you’ll pass the national theatre, ibm and itv and just when you think you’ve gone wrong, the mulberry bush will appear on your right hand side.
the route looks like this
the pub looks like this
to find the area that we have reserved, walk to the end of the bar and look to your right. it’s a slightly elevated area called “the stage”.
 
hopefully see you there!


posted on january 5, 2016may 2, 2017author joecategories meetings1 comment on meetup thu 28th jan at the mulberry bush pub (near waterloo station) 6pm 



import of archive 

hello world!


posted on december 22, 2015may 2, 2017author mattcategories news 



welcome to the new gllug site 

the old site died with a database error and after several months and no improvement, i’ve decided to relaunch the site with the fantastic support of positive internet, who were also able to swap everything over.
there is still much to do, and it will take time to put everything back together but this is the first step in the right direction. i hope to see you all at a meet soon.


posted on december 21, 2015may 2, 2017author mattcategories newsleave a comment on welcome to the new gllug site 



meet up saturday 7th of june 2014 from 12 at south london makerspace 

i know, i know. first meet up in a long time, but i’ve been working on the south london makerspace which is now a real thing so lets meet there!
the south london makerspace is a hackerspace like community in south london with a focus on social and education.
the plan is to meet, chat, educate. there will be informal talks, volunteers for talks needed. i plan to give an introduction about the makerspace.
if you want a drink please bring your own along, or some to share, there is also a costcutter next door and a sainsburys near-by. chairs are limited so please prioritize people who need them or bring your own.
looking forward to seeing you all there.
the details:
from 12 until 4pm – 7th june 2014
south london makerspace
27 norwood road
herne hill
london se24 9aa
nearest tube: brixton (victoria) then bus (3 or 196) which drops you off right outside (the bus stop after herne hill station)
nearest train: herne hill, city thames link line


posted on may 29, 2014may 2, 2017author mattcategories meetings 



pre-fosdem drinks thursday 31st january 2013 from 6:30pm @ ye olde cock tavern 

pre-fosdem drinks because i’m hoping to get people involved who may be visiting in london that night because they will be heading off to fosdem the next day.
but even if you’re not heading to fosdem you should still come because not only will you be meeting a great bunch of people you’ll also be able to claim some o’reilly merch from me including some books.
we’ll be upstairs at the top of the pub, the stairs on your right immediately as you walk in. you’ll know it’s the right place because i’ll have a tux sitting around in the room.
really looking forward to seeing you all there.
the details:
from 6.30pm ’til late – 31st january 2013
ye olde cock tavern,
22 fleet street,
holborn,
ec4y 1aa
nearest tube: temple (circle/district line)
nearest train: city thames link


posted on january 25, 2013may 2, 2017author mattcategories meetings 



saturday 8th december 2012, 12:30pm – greater london lug meetup @ firefox space london 

the greater london linux user group meet up are extremely happy to announce the next meet up. this time it will be at the mozilla space in london on saturday the 8th of december from 12.30pm. it is open and free for anyone to attend, especially to those interested in linux, android, free software, open hardware and anything related to free software and it’s culture.
there will be talks from members of the community as well as the option for anyone to show off something cool too.

luke leighton talking about the rhombus-tech project.
andrew lack talking about his tinybasic project.
robin and gabrielle talking about cinepaint.

details:
mozilla space london, 101 st. martins lane, wc2n 4az


posted on november 11, 2012may 2, 2017author mattcategories meetings 


posts navigation
page 1
page 2
page 3
next page






proudly powered by wordpress









