





origin of evil







god’s moral law
 the safeguard and protection of the home









bible-ten commandments
the first lawbreaker: 
origin of evil




to many minds the origin of sin and the 
reason for its existence are a source of great perplexity. they see the work of 
evil, with its terrible results of woe and desolation, and they question how all 
this can exist under the sovereignty of one who is infinite in wisdom, in power, 
and in love. here is a mystery of which they find no explanation. and in their 
uncertainty and doubt they are blinded to truths plainly revealed in god's word 
and essential to salvation. there are those who, in their inquiries concerning 
the existence of sin, endeavor to search into that which god has never revealed; 
hence they find no solution of their difficulties; and such as are actuated by a 
disposition to doubt and cavil seize upon this as an excuse for rejecting the 
words of holy writ. others, however, fail of a satisfactory understanding of the 
great problem of evil, from the fact that tradition and misinterpretation have 
obscured the teaching of the bible concerning the character of god, the nature 
of his government, and the principles of his dealing with sin. 


it is impossible to explain the origin of 
sin so as to give a reason for its existence. yet enough may be understood 
concerning both the origin and the final disposition of sin to make fully 
manifest the justice and benevolence of god in all his dealings with evil. 
nothing is more plainly taught in 
scripture than that god was in no wise responsible for the entrance of sin; that 
there was no arbitrary withdrawal of divine grace, no deficiency in the divine 
government, that gave occasion for the uprising of rebellion. sin is an 
intruder, for whose presence no reason can be given. it is mysterious, 
unaccountable; to excuse it is to defend it. could excuse for it be found, or 
cause be shown for its existence, it would cease to be sin. our only definition 
of sin is that given in the word of god; it is "the transgression of the law;" 
it is the outworking of a principle at war with the great law of love which is 
the foundation of the divine government.


before the entrance of evil there was 
peace and joy throughout the universe. all was in perfect harmony with the 
creator's will. love for god was supreme, love for one another impartial. christ 
the word, the only begotten of god, was one with the eternal father,--one in 
nature, in character, and in purpose,--the only being in all the universe that 
could enter into all the counsels and purposes of god. by christ the father 
wrought in the creation of all heavenly beings. "by him were all things created, 
that are in heaven, . . . whether they be thrones, or dominions, or 
principalities, or powers" (colossians 1:16); and to christ, equally with the 
father, all heaven gave allegiance. 


the law of love being the foundation of 
the government of god, the happiness of all created beings depended upon their 
perfect accord with its great principles of righteousness. god desires from all 
his creatures the service of love--homage that springs from an intelligent 
appreciation of his character. he takes no pleasure in a forced allegiance, and 
to all he grants freedom of will, that they may render him voluntary service.



but there was one that chose to pervert 
this freedom. sin originated with him who, next to christ, had been most honored 
of god and who stood highest in power and glory among the inhabitants of heaven. 
before his fall, lucifer was first 
of the covering cherubs, holy and undefiled. "thus saith the lord god; thou 
sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty. thou hast been in 
eden the garden of god; every precious stone was thy covering. . . .thou art the 
anointed cherub that covereth; and i have set thee so: thou wast upon the holy 
mountain of god; thou hast walked up and down in the midst of the stones of 
fire. thou wast perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast created, till 
iniquity was found in thee." ezekiel 28:12-15.


lucifer might have remained in favor with 
god, beloved and honored by all the angelic host, exercising his noble powers to 
bless others and to glorify his maker. but, says the prophet, "thine heart was 
lifted up because of thy beauty, thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy 
brightness." verse 17. little by little, lucifer came to indulge a desire for 
self-exaltation. "thou hast set thine heart as the heart of god." "thou hast 
said, . . . i will exalt my throne above the stars of god: i will sit also upon 
the mount of the congregation....i will ascend above the heights of the clouds; 
i will be like the most high." verse 6; isaiah 14:13, 14. instead of seeking to 
make god supreme in the affections and allegiance of his creatures, it was 
lucifer's endeavor to win their service and homage to himself. and coveting the 
honor which the infinite father had bestowed upon his son, this prince of angels 
aspired to power which it was the prerogative of christ alone to wield. 



all heaven had rejoiced to reflect the 
creator's glory and to show forth his praise. and while god was thus honored, 
all had been peace and gladness. but a note of discord now marred the celestial 
harmonies. the service and exaltation of self, contrary to the creator's plan, 
awakened forebodings of evil in minds to whom god's glory was supreme. the 
heavenly councils pleaded with lucifer. the son of god presented before him the 
greatness, the goodness, and the justice of the creator, and the sacred, 
unchanging nature of his law. god himself had established the order of heaven;
and in departing from it, lucifer would 
dishonor his maker, and bring ruin upon himself. but the warning, given in 
infinite love and mercy, only aroused a spirit of resistance. lucifer allowed 
jealousy of christ to prevail, and he became the more determined.


pride in his own glory nourished the 
desire for supremacy. the high honors conferred upon lucifer were not 
appreciated as the gift of god and called forth no gratitude to the creator. he 
gloried in his brightness and exaltation, and aspired to be equal with god. he 
was beloved and reverenced by the heavenly host. angels delighted to execute his 
commands, and he was clothed with wisdom and glory above them all. yet the son 
of god was the acknowledged sovereign of heaven, one in power and authority with 
the father. in all the councils of god, christ was a participant, while lucifer 
was not permitted thus to enter into the divine purposes. "why," questioned this 
mighty angel, "should christ have the supremacy? why is he thus honored above 
lucifer?" 


leaving his place in the immediate 
presence of god, lucifer went forth to diffuse the spirit of discontent among 
the angels. working with mysterious secrecy, and for a time concealing his real 
purpose under an appearance of reverence for god, he endeavored to excite 
dissatisfaction concerning the laws that governed heavenly beings, intimating 
that they imposed an unnecessary restraint. since their natures were holy, he 
urged that the angels should obey the dictates of their own will. he sought to 
create sympathy for himself by representing that god had dealt unjustly with him 
in bestowing supreme honor upon christ. he claimed that in aspiring to greater 
power and honor he was not aiming at self-exaltation, but was seeking to secure 
liberty for all the inhabitants of heaven, that by this means they might attain 
to a higher state of existence. 


god in his great mercy bore long with 
lucifer. he was not immediately degraded from his exalted station when he first 
indulged the spirit of discontent, nor even when he
began to present his false claims before 
the loyal angels. long was he retained in heaven. again and again he was offered 
pardon on condition of repentance and submission. such efforts as only infinite 
love and wisdom could devise were made to convince him of his error. the spirit 
of discontent had never before been known in heaven. lucifer himself did not at 
first see whither he was drifting; he did not understand the real nature of his 
feelings. but as his dissatisfaction was proved to be without cause, lucifer was 
convinced that he was in the wrong, that the divine claims were just, and that 
he ought to acknowledge them as such before all heaven. had he done this, he 
might have saved himself and many angels. he had not at this time fully cast off 
his allegiance to god. though he had forsaken his position as covering cherub, 
yet if he had been willing to return to god, acknowledging the creator's wisdom, 
and satisfied to fill the place appointed him in god's great plan, he would have 
been reinstated in his office. but pride forbade him to submit. he persistently 
defended his own course, maintained that he had no need of repentance, and fully 
committed himself, in the great controversy, against his maker.


all the powers of his master mind were now 
bent to the work of deception, to secure the sympathy of the angels that had 
been under his command. even the fact that christ had warned and counseled him 
was perverted to serve his traitorous designs. to those whose loving trust bound 
them most closely to him, satan had represented that he was wrongly judged, that 
his position was not respected, and that his liberty was to be abridged. from 
misrepresentation of the words of christ he passed to prevarication and direct 
falsehood, accusing the son of god of a design to humiliate him before the 
inhabitants of heaven. he sought also to make a false issue between himself and 
the loyal angels. all whom he could not subvert and bring fully to his side he 
accused of indifference to the interests of heavenly beings. the very work which 
he himself was doing he charged upon those who
remained true to god. and to sustain his 
charge of god's injustice toward him, he resorted to misrepresentation of the 
words and acts of the creator. it was his policy to perplex the angels with 
subtle arguments concerning the purposes of god. everything that was simple he 
shrouded in mystery, and by artful perversion cast doubt upon the plainest 
statements of jehovah. his high position, in such close connection with the 
divine administration, gave greater force to his representations, and many were 
induced to unite with him in rebellion against heaven's authority.


god in his wisdom permitted satan to carry 
forward his work, until the spirit of disaffection ripened into active revolt. 
it was necessary for his plans to be fully developed, that their true nature and 
tendency might be seen by all. lucifer, as the anointed cherub, had been highly 
exalted; he was greatly loved by the heavenly beings, and his influence over 
them was strong. god's government included not only the inhabitants of heaven, 
but of all the worlds that he had created; and satan thought that if he could 
carry the angels of heaven with him in rebellion, he could carry also the other 
worlds. he had artfully presented his side of the question, employing sophistry 
and fraud to secure his objects. his power to deceive was very great, and by 
disguising himself in a cloak of falsehood he had gained an advantage. even the 
loyal angels could not fully discern his character or see to what his work was 
leading. 


satan had been so highly honored, and all 
his acts were so clothed with mystery, that it was difficult to disclose to the 
angels the true nature of his work. until fully developed, sin would not appear 
the evil thing it was. heretofore it had had no place in the universe of god, 
and holy beings had no conception of its nature and malignity. they could not 
discern the terrible consequences that would result from setting aside the 
divine law. satan had, at first, concealed his work under a specious profession 
of loyalty to god. he claimed to be seeking to promote the honor of god, the 
stability of his government, and the good of all the inhabitants of heaven. 
while instilling discontent into the minds of the angels under him, he had 
artfully made it appear that he was seeking to remove dissatisfaction. when he 
urged that changes be made in the order and laws of god's government, it was 
under the pretense that these were necessary in order to preserve harmony in 
heaven. 


in his dealing with sin, god could employ 
only righteousness and truth. satan could use what god could not-- flattery and 
deceit. he had sought to falsify the word of god and had misrepresented his plan 
of government before the angels, claiming that god was not just in laying laws 
and rules upon the inhabitants of heaven; that in requiring submission and 
obedience from his creatures, he was seeking merely the exaltation of himself. 
therefore it must be demonstrated before the inhabitants of heaven, as well as 
of all the worlds, that god's government was just, his law perfect. satan had 
made it appear that he himself was seeking to promote the good of the universe. 
the true character of the usurper, and his real object, must be understood by 
all. he must have time to manifest himself by his wicked works. 


the discord which his own course had 
caused in heaven, satan charged upon the law and government of god. all evil he 
declared to be the result of the divine administration. he claimed that it was 
his own object to improve upon the statutes of jehovah. therefore it was 
necessary that he should demonstrate the nature of his claims, and show the 
working out of his proposed changes in the divine law. his own work must condemn 
him. satan had claimed from the first that he was not in rebellion. the whole 
universe must see the deceiver unmasked. 


even when it was decided that he could no 
longer remain in heaven, infinite wisdom did not destroy satan. since the 
service of love can alone be acceptable to god, the allegiance of his creatures 
must rest upon a conviction of his justice and benevolence. the inhabitants of 
heaven and of other worlds, being unprepared to comprehend the nature or 
consequences of sin, could not then have seen the justice and mercy of god in 
the destruction of satan. had he been immediately blotted from existence, they 
would have served god from fear rather than from love. the influence of the 
deceiver would not have been fully destroyed, nor would the spirit of rebellion 
have been utterly eradicated. evil must be permitted to come to maturity. for 
the good of the entire universe through ceaseless ages satan must more fully 
develop his principles, that his charges against the divine government might be 
seen in their true light by all created beings, that the justice and mercy of 
god and the immutability of his law might forever be placed beyond all question.



satan's rebellion was to be a lesson to 
the universe through all coming ages, a perpetual testimony to the nature and 
terrible results of sin. the working out of satan's rule, its effects upon both 
men and angels, would show what must be the fruit of setting aside the divine 
authority. it would testify that with the existence of god's government and his 
law is bound up the well-being of all the creatures he has made. thus the 
history of this terrible experiment of rebellion was to be perpetual safeguard 
to all holy intelligences, to prevent them from being deceived as to the nature 
of transgression, to save them from committing sin and suffering its 
punishments. 


to the very close of the controversy in 
heaven the great usurper continued to justify himself. when it was announced 
that with all his sympathizers he must be expelled from the abodes of bliss, 
then the rebel leader boldly avowed his contempt for the creator's law. he 
reiterated his claim that angels needed no control, but should be left to follow 
their own will, which would ever guide them right. he denounced the divine 
statutes as a restriction of their liberty and declared that it was his purpose 
to secure the abolition of law; that, freed from this restraint, the hosts of 
heaven might enter upon a more exalted, more glorious state of existence. 



with one accord, satan and his host threw 
the blame of their rebellion wholly upon christ, declaring that if they had not 
been reproved, they would never have rebelled. thus stubborn and defiant in 
their disloyalty, seeking vainly to overthrow the government of god, yet 
blasphemously claiming to be themselves the innocent victims of oppressive 
power, the archrebel and all his sympathizers were at last banished from heaven.



the same spirit that prompted rebellion in 
heaven still inspires rebellion on earth. satan has continued with men the same 
policy which he pursued with the angels. his spirit now reigns in the children 
of disobedience. like him they seek to break down the restraints of the law of 
god and promise men liberty through transgression of its precepts. reproof of 
sin still arouses the spirit of hatred and resistance. when god's messages of 
warning are brought home to the conscience, satan leads men to justify 
themselves and to seek the sympathy of others in their course of sin. instead of 
correcting their errors, they excite indignation against the reprover, as if he 
were the sole cause of difficulty. from the days of righteous abel to our own 
time such is the spirit which has been displayed toward those who dare to 
condemn sin. 


by the same misrepresentation of the 
character of god as he had practiced in heaven, causing him to be regarded as 
severe and tyrannical, satan induced man to sin. and having succeeded thus far, 
he declared that god's unjust restrictions had led to man's fall, as they had 
led to his own rebellion. 


but the eternal one himself proclaims his 
character: "the lord god, merciful and gracious, long-suffering, and abundant in 
goodness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and 
transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear the guilty." exodus 34:6, 
7. 


in the banishment of satan from heaven, 
god declared his justice and maintained the honor of his throne. but when man 
had sinned through yielding to the deceptions of this apostate spirit, god gave 
an evidence of his love by yielding up his only-begotten son to die for the 
fallen race. in the atonement the character of god is revealed. the mighty 
argument of the cross demonstrates to the whole universe that the course of sin 
which lucifer had chosen was in no wise chargeable upon the government of god.



in the contest between christ and satan, 
during the saviour's earthly ministry, the character of the great deceiver was 
unmasked. nothing could so effectually have uprooted satan from the affections 
of the heavenly angels and the whole loyal universe as did his cruel warfare 
upon the world's redeemer. the daring blasphemy of his demand that christ should 
pay him homage, his presumptuous boldness in bearing him to the mountain summit 
and the pinnacle of the temple, the malicious intent betrayed in urging him to 
cast himself down from the dizzy height, the unsleeping malice that hunted him 
from place to place, inspiring the hearts of priests and people to reject his 
love, and at the last to cry, "crucify him! crucify him!--all this excited the 
amazement and indignation of the universe. 


it was satan that prompted the world's 
rejection of christ. the prince of evil exerted all his power and cunning to 
destroy jesus; for he saw that the saviour's mercy and love, his compassion and 
pitying tenderness, were representing to the world the character of god. satan 
contested every claim put forth by the son of god and employed men as his agents 
to fill the saviour's life with suffering and sorrow. the sophistry and 
falsehood by which he had sought to hinder the work of jesus, the hatred 
manifested through the children of disobedience, his cruel accusations against 
him whose life was one of unexampled goodness, all sprang from deep-seated 
revenge. the pent-up fires of envy and malice, hatred and revenge, burst forth 
on calvary against the son of god, while all heaven gazed upon the scene in 
silent horror. 


when the great sacrifice had been 
consummated, christ ascended on high, refusing the adoration of angels until he 
had presented the request: "i will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be 
with me where i am." john 17:24. then
with inexpressible love and power came 
forth the answer from the father's throne: "let all the angels of god worship 
him." hebrews 1:6. not a stain rested upon jesus. his humiliation ended, his 
sacrifice completed, there was given unto him a name that is above every name.


now the guilt of satan stood forth without 
excuse. he had revealed his true character as a liar and a murderer. it was seen 
that the very same spirit with which he ruled the children of men, who were 
under his power, he would have manifested had he been permitted to control the 
inhabitants of heaven. he had claimed that the transgression of god's law would 
bring liberty and exaltation; but it was seen to result in bondage and 
degradation. 


satan's lying charges against the divine 
character and government appeared in their true light. he had accused god of 
seeking merely the exaltation of himself in requiring submission and obedience 
from his creatures, and had declared that, while the creator exacted self-denial 
from all others, he himself practiced no self-denial and made no sacrifice. now 
it was seen that for the salvation of a fallen and sinful race, the ruler of the 
universe had made the greatest sacrifice which love could make; for "god was in 
christ, reconciling the world unto himself." 2 corinthians 5:19. it was seen, 
also, that while lucifer had opened the door for the entrance of sin by his 
desire for honor and supremacy, christ had, in order to destroy sin, humbled 
himself and become obedient unto death. 


god had manifested his abhorrence of the 
principles of rebellion. all heaven saw his justice revealed, both in the 
condemnation of satan and in the redemption of man. lucifer had declared that if 
the law of god was changeless, and its penalty could not be remitted, every 
transgressor must be forever debarred from the creator's favor. he had claimed 
that the sinful race were placed beyond redemption and were therefore his 
rightful prey. but the death of christ was an argument in man's behalf that 
could not be overthrown. the penalty of the law fell upon him who was equal with 
god, and man was free to accept the righteousness of christ and by a life of 
penitence and humiliation to triumph, as the son of god had triumphed, over the 
power of satan. thus god is just and yet the justifier of all who believe in 
jesus. 


but it was not merely to accomplish the 
redemption of man that christ came to the earth to suffer and to die. he came to 
"magnify the law" and to "make it honorable." not alone that the inhabitants of 
this world might regard the law as it should be regarded; but it was to 
demonstrate to all the worlds of the universe that god's law is unchangeable. 
could its claims have been set aside, then the son of god need not have yielded 
up his life to atone for its transgression. the death of christ proves it 
immutable. and the sacrifice to which infinite love impelled the father and the 
son, that sinners might be redeemed, demonstrates to all the universe--what 
nothing less than this plan of atonement could have sufficed to do--that justice 
and mercy are the foundation of the law and government of god. 


in the final execution of the judgment it 
will be seen that no cause for sin exists. when the judge of all the earth shall 
demand of satan, "why hast thou rebelled against me, and robbed me of the 
subjects of my kingdom?" the originator of evil can render no excuse. every 
mouth will be stopped, and all the hosts of rebellion will be speechless. 



the cross of calvary, while it declares 
the law immutable, proclaims to the universe that the wages of sin is death. in 
the saviour's expiring cry, "it is finished," the death knell of satan was rung. 
the great controversy which had been so long in progress was then decided, and 
the final eradication of evil was made certain. the son of god passed through 
the portals of the tomb, that "through death he might destroy him that had the 
power of death, that is, the devil." hebrews 2:14. lucifer's desire for 
self-exaltation had led him to say: "i will exalt my throne above the stars of 
god: . . . i will be like the most high." god declares: "i will bring
thee to ashes upon the earth, . . . and 
never shalt thou be any more." isaiah 14:13, 14; ezekiel 28:18, 19. when "the 
day cometh, that shall burn as an oven;. . . .all the proud, yea, and all that 
do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith 
the lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch." malachi 
4:1.


the whole universe will have become 
witnesses to the nature and results of sin. and its utter extermination, which 
in the beginning would have brought fear to angels and dishonor to god, will now 
vindicate his love and establish his honor before the universe of beings who 
delight to do his will, and in whose heart is his law. never will evil again be 
manifest. says the word of god: "affliction shall not rise up the second time." 
nahum 1:9. the law of god, which satan has reproached as the yoke of bondage, 
will be honored as the law of liberty. a tested and proved creation will never 
again be turned from allegiance to him whose character has been fully manifested 
before them as fathomless love and infinite wisdom. from great 
controversy--chapter 29





 






 






 
home



links

languages

library

gallery 

harvestime 
books

po. box 300

altamont tn. 
37301


