













































              
        register





log in






















home

promotions

today's mail
all promotions
air
cruises
fams
hotels/resorts
incentives
other
transportation
vacations



ebrochures


videos


webinars


contact us

travel advisors


suppliers



















who are we?









                                                            simply stated, mailpound is a marketing partner that connects the travel industry by providing travel advisors with educational tools and branded resources to put supplier offers in the hands of the consumer to increase everyone's bottom line. 
                                                            
                                                            what mailpound does for suppliers: destinations, cruise lines, and other travel suppliers come to mailpound for customized marketing solutions to educate travel advisors and provide them with the tools they need to increase your sales. 
                                                            
                                                            what mailpound does for agents: mailpound provides agents with no-cost educational tools and branded marketing resources so travel offers can be placed in the hands of consumers to boost bookings.
                                                            
watch video













featured on demand webinar















 

escape to laid-back luxury at long bay beach resort in the british virgin islands

view webinar
                  










                  
                view all





















with digital tools such as eflyers, ebrochures and videos, you can easily send customized offers to a client with just a few clicks of your mouse.





ebrochure with offer



webinars




virtual brochure rack


project center




eflyer


videos



















 














ready to boost your bookings?

register for free to get started today. it's easy...just begin by answering this question to help us personalize your mailpound experience.are you a travel agent?

yesno




submit












travel advisors can tap into mailpound’s brochure rack showcasing supplier ebrochures with current travel offers. with a few mouse clicks, these advisor-branded materials and deals can be put into clients’ hands through email and social media to help boost bookings.
































		                                                when agents register free with mailpound, they receive their own 
		                                                user-friendly web page with a fully personalized project center. this 
		                                                gives you immediate access to your eflyers, ebrochures, videos to 
		                                                improve productivity and allow you to focus on servicing your clients 
		                                                and increasing your bookings.



    






 your brochures: 


 your videos: 
 your saved offers: 






 










reno tahoe : 
                                                                                                the ultimate insider guide







reno tahoe : 
                                                                                                the ultimate insider guide







viking cruises : 
                                                                                                river voyages 2024-2026







reno tahoe : 
                                                                                                reno/tahoe area golf course map







reno tahoe : 
                                                                                                destination highlights 







reno tahoe : 
                                                                                                reno tahoe destination guide








                                                                                   










  
 














copyright © 2000 - 2025 mailpound all rights reserved.



about us

faq

privacy policy



















