







newport sterling






























































































cart
















0
















              home
            



            store
          












































cart
















0











home











store









scroll








take only what you need. save the rest.shop sustainably now

 









our story

 

for over fifty years, newport sterling has been recognized as one of the oldest and most respected silver jewelry wholesale manufacturers in the united states. our 15,000 square foot facility, located on beautiful narragansett bay in rhode island, is responsible for each and every piece we make. as a silver jewelry designer following the tradition of new england silversmiths, we use only the highest quality processes when making our wide assortment of die struck sterling silver picture frames, key chains, bracelets, necklaces, cuff links, rings, baby gifts and more. few online retailers out there can make our guarantee: the authenticity and quality of our 100% american made luxury jewelry and fine gifts.








as a manufacturer based in new england, our history of metalworking dates back to the colonial days. silversmiths were common from boston to newport and down to new york, and that knowledge of craftsmanship has only grown over the past two centuries.with over one hundred years of manufacturing knowledge at our fingertips, we continue to produce all sterling silver products in the time-honored traditions of our colonial master metalworkers. all of our designs are machined or coined out of solid .925 sterling silver and karat gold. we have maintained the knowledge of fine hand finishing which is evident in every piece we produce of heirloom quality.newport sterling products are designed with a touch and eye of our original new england silversmiths, and they are produced to withstand the daily demands of 21st century living. we are sure you will see and feel the difference.

 

quality & expertise








"the experience felt as though i was shopping in a boutique, high-quality silversmith. both the customer service and the product were excellent quality." - p. vollers, mercer island, wa











environmentally conscious 

 

newport sterling maintains the highest manufacturing standards at its facility which includes an emphasis on ethical, eco-friendly, manufacturing processes. our unique closed-loop plating system requires less than 10% of the water of a typical sterling silver manufacturer. by recycling the water used in all processes, newport sterling has minimized its environmental footprint – that means no harmful by-products and materials released to the water supply or atmosphere. furthermore, newport sterling’s exacting standards can guarantee that all of the silver used to produce products, jewelry, and accessories is entirely recycled. 




















































welcome



about



ingredients



press



the founders



founder portraits














faqshippingterms of usecontact









