



feedinfo - feedinfo - news, pricing and scientific information for the animal nutrition and food industry













































contact centre

login
















home


feedinfo services


our content


free demo


partners research library


mailing list signup


events


industry recruitment


pro services


contact us











the industry standard for animal feed intelligence


the world's only iosco-compliant pra covering the feed additives industry
 
set pricing strategies more effectively, identify risks and growth opportunities faster, and negotiate better with customers and suppliers. feedinfo's unparalleled connections across all levels of the animal feed industry helps you keep up to date with the ever-changing market.
 
global benchmark prices | market news & insights | feed additive supply & demand













in-depth global prices
plan and negotiate more effectively, using trusted and independent price intelligence on vitamins, amino acids and minerals for animal feed.
learn more














curated news & insight
react quickly to ever-changing conditions in the animal feed industry, with the fastest news coverage and market analysis.
sign up for free content














research & innovations
develop stronger products using the largest source of animal feed scientific papers, innovations, patents and legislation information.
get your free trial












don't take our word for it...


        if the info comes from feedinfo we know that it is well –balanced, of an excellent standard and fact-oriented
    
  senior vp of sales, european feed additives producer



        the quality of the information is really good. a lot of the time i will see something on feedinfo before i hear about it anywhere else.
    
feed procurement manager - north american premix manufacturer









who uses feedinfo?
over 600 companies in animal feed sectors are using feedinfo's benchmark prices, news and market insights every day in their decision-making.

try out feedinfo for yourself:
get your free trial










feed additives tracked by feedinfo
providing buyers and sellers of global vitamins, amino acids and minerals benchmark prices for four global regions: europe, asia, north america and south america.




amino acids

methionine
lysine hci
lysine sulphate
liquid lysine
threonine
tryptophan
valine



vitamins

vitamin a
vitamin e
vitamin d3
d calpan
biotin
vitamin b1
vitamin b2
vitamin b3



minerals

copper sulphate
feed phosphates
















feedinfo pro services
premium tools to give you information and data you need on animal nutrition and feed even faster, and in even more depth than ever before. in addition to the feedinfo service, we have worked with those across the animal nutrition supply chain at all levels, to develop a suite of premium services in addition to your feedinfo licence.
















supply & demand pro
extensive data tools helping you decide your long term strategy for product development and production, purchasing and trading.
find out more














pricing intelligence pro
powerful and user friendly pricing tools to help you set prices and negotiate even more effectively and efficiently.
find out more












see all of feedinfo's selected available content
explore now








not yet a feedinfo subscriber?
sign up to feedinfo mailing list









expana's events provide a front-row seat to market-critical insights within the animal nutrition and feed industry, offering the context you need to navigate complex market landscapes with confidence. attend our industry-leading conferences to tap into a vast global network of experts and peers, build invaluable connections, and make better strategic decisions.













expana events
https://www.expanamarkets.com/events/

























follow us:




twitter





linkedin










terms and conditions


cookie & privacy






customer faqs


editorial policy and ethics







copyright copyright © 2024 feedinfo. feedinfo is part of mintec ltd.








feedinfo announcement



 













