




































review 2d & 3d designs with edrawings | edrawings viewer













































































skip to main content









  







    download
      





















view









									open/view dwg and dxf files
									






									view 3d models & 2d drawings for free
									






									view cad files in ar/vr
									









share









									supplier, customer and design team collaboration
									






									publish ip secure design information 
									









products









									edrawings professional
									






									edrawings viewer
									






									edrawings publisher
									






									edrawings mobile
									









support









									edrawings api
									






									frequently asked questions
									






									knowledge base
									






									mysolidworks
									






									report a problem
									






									edrawings online help
									























review 2d & 3d designs with edrawings

the tool that enables anyone to communicate and collaborate using 3d design data to minimize errors and accelerate time to market.






    download
      

















 



collaborate in an ar/vr world with edrawings professional

take design review and collaboration to the next level with augmented and virtual reality (ar/vr). see your designs in the context of the real world to assess the impact of the environment, and enable exceptional design communication with edrawings professional.


 
    learn more
      















free design interrogation with edrawings viewer

for anyone who needs to view and interrogate 3d design data. whether you are involved in commercial manufacture, purchasing, a maker or a student, edrawings viewer helps you to communicate, share and collaborate with high fidelity 3d data with an easily shareable lightweight file in its own viewer.


 
    learn more
      







 











 



communicate within a multicad company using edrawings publisher

for companies who need to share design data in a multicad environment. with edrawings publisher, design teams can publish edrawings files from many native cad systems enabling easy collaboration within their supply chain.


 
    learn more
      















do you need to go beyond sharing?

did you know it’s now possible to securely share 3d designs directly from solidworks® with anyone and get feedback from any device without a download or install? watch the demos to learn more about share and markup capabilities now available with cloud services for solidworks.


 
    watch the demos
      







 














get started with edrawings today

edrawings is the premier 2d and 3d design communication tool for internal and external design collaboration. delivering a rich collaboration tool set, edrawings enables everyone to speed up their design processes and get their designs to market faster.






    download
      


































































































