ï»¿



blooming dales pony farm











the dales pony society (england) published a comprehensive book on the history of
    dales ponies in 2001.  it is a 200 page hard bound edition that traces the origins
    of this exceptional breed  back to roman times.  it also includes  the history of
    the dales breed society with stories and photographs exemplifying the strength and
    character of these little giants.  copies of  this excellent reference book have
    been provided to us by the dales pony society and we are pleased to be able to offer
    them to you for $44 us, postage paid.




the dales pony society has a 30 minute video showcasing dales ponies in a variety
    of equine performance categories.  this video was professionally made in great britain
    in 2003.  it includes interviews with well established breeders in england and will
    take you over rolling hills and pastoral streams to breed shows, logging trails and
    dressage arenas.  purchasers of this video have told us that they are impressed with
    the great quality and excellent content of the production.  please note that the
    north american video format (ntsc) version of this video is available only through
    blooming dales pony farm.  the dales pony society 30 min. video is available for
    $24 us on dvd, postage paid. 



blooming dales pony farm



"first home of dales ponies in the usa" 
breeders of registered dales ponies
 


stud service,
frozen semen only,
available from
dartdale peterboy  
or castle hill rob


to see what is available in
books and videos
on the dales breed please click here!



click text above to see dvds and books


dales ponies


dales ponies wonderful in harness or under saddle




dales ponies are the largest of england's native pony breeds. this strong and rugged
    horse can stand as high as 14.2 hands and can weigh over 1000 lbs. (450 kg.). they
    typically have long manes and tails with feather around the hooves. most commonly
    they are black, dark brown or gray.  
dales are intelligent, good natured, easy to work and rugged. 
the dales registry 
in the dales stud book there are four pure-breed registry sections, a through d.  however,
    sections d and c are effectively nonexistent and there are no section c or d mares
    in north america.   ponies in sections a and b are differentiated only by the amount
    of white markings at birth.  section  a ponies are allowed a small star of white
    on the forehead, a white snip at or below the nostrils and white to just above the
    fetlocks on the rear feet.  these markings are determined at the time of registration
    when the pony is typically less than one year of age.  ponies with additional white
    markings will be registered as section b.   both sections a and b are full-blood
    dales and both can produce registerable off spring.  properly marked filly foals
    from section b mares will be registered in the a section of the registry.  
in addition to the pure-breed registry there is a part-breed registry section for
    ponies with at least 25% proven dales breeding, calculated from either or both parents.  there
    is no upgrading from the part-breed to full-breed registries. 




dales, fells and fis



 
red prairie hyacinth, age 2 years 
born in 2002


black, gray or white?
black is the most common color for dales ponies and probably the most desired color
    in england.  however, in the north america grays are also quite popular.  as with
    other breeds, gray dales ponies start life with a much darker coat, sometimes dark
    gray, sometimes completely black.  over time they will become whiter and whiter,
    going through a beautiful dappled transition to white that can take up to fifteen
    or twenty years.




 
red prairie hyacinth, age 5 years 
photo courtesy of  owner j. begonia





dales ponies




 
2005


stallions 
all licensed stallions must be section a ponies.  to be eligible for a licensing
    inspection stallions must be at least three years of age, sired by a registered dales
    stallion and out of a section a mare.  section a colts out of section b mares are
    not eligible to be licensed as stallions. 

castle hill rob: 
frozen semen for artificial insemination is available from castle hill rob our handsome
    14.1 hand black stallion (a pregnancy guarantee is available). rob resides on our
    farm and is friendly and energetic.  if you like the look of solid muscle and strength,
    you will like rob.

dartdale peterboy: 
we also have frozen semen available from dartdale peter boy who at 14.2 hands is
    a prize winning stallion.  as with other breeds gray dales ponies become whiter with
    age.  starting as a dark gray or even black as foals they can progress, as hyacinth's
    (photos above) and peterboy's photos show, through a beautiful dapple, ultimately
    to an almost pure white.   foals produced through artificial insemination are fully
    registerable with the dales pony societies. partial breed foals sired by a dales
    pony can be listed in the "first-cross" (part-breed) registry of the dales pony society.
 




 
1999 
  
   



blooming dales pony farm is the first home of registered dales ponies in the united
    states.   our current breeding stock of two mares and two stallions were all born
    in england.  three of them  were brought into the united states as foals in november
    of 1994.    our mares are section "a" (top ranking) registered with the dales pony
    society of england and the stallions are licensed through the society.  all our foals
    are registered with the dales pony society in england or with the dales pony society
    of america (dpsa), are micro-chipped for identification and carry the prefix "red
    prairie" in their names.  we are members of the dales pony society (england).  dales
    ponies are not only unique they are also rare.  there are less than two hundred  in
    all of north america.  the first dales pony born in the united states is red prairie
    knight foaled at our farm april 29, 1998 and now residing in louisiana.





 
lummas beauty iii



 
lowhouses amanda



our mares and stallion castle hill rob are black, each having at least one white
    marking. the smallest, sowermire diane stands about 13.2 hands and the largest lummas
    beauty iii is 14.2 hands and over 1100 lb.. we continue to evaluate the best alternatives
    for gaining access to other stallions to diversify the bloodlines of our foals and
    to provide future breeding options for those who may purchase filly foals from us.  
if your interest in owning a dales pony is growing you should write us or call us
    for more information on our currently available stock.




our interest in dales ponies began in the 1980's from a picture in a book. we established
    contacts with the dales pony society soon after that and made our first visit to
    england in 1993. since that first trip we have been back six times, attending pony
    shows and visiting farms to see a cross section of this wonderful breed. through
    our visits to england we have seen a great number of  dales ponies and we are still
    impressed with their friendly nature and their handsome beauty.  we have had friends
    and visitors from around the world (including china) come and ride these wonderful
    ponies.  whether a novice or experienced rider, dales are safe and fun to ride.  if
    you live too far away to come and visit please check below and consider purchasing
    a video or book about these wonderful ponies.



 
sowermire diane



dales ponies






dales ponies



blooming dales pony farm is located in the rolling country side of oregon about 60
    miles southwest of portland and 25 miles west of salem. in addition to our ponies
    we grow and sell high quality horse hays. the farm has ponds, woods with riding trails
    and a spectacular view of the cascade range peaks. our facilities include a fully
    enclosed riding arena. we are easy to reach from portland using highways 99w and
    18, and from salem using highway 22.  please call for directions and to schedule
    a visit. 




visitors are always welcome!  
you can also reach us by mail, phone or  





if you are interested in more information about dales ponies you may also contact:



the dales pony society



                the dales pony society of america



blooming dales pony farm has been on the world wide web since january 01, 1998 
updated february 16th, 2018 



all  photos on this web page are the property of blooming dales pony farm 
copyright â© 2016 blooming dales pony farm




the closest relative to the dales is the fell pony.  the breeds are very similar
    in looks and build.  dales are, on average a half hand taller than fells and with
    a heavier build even considering their larger size.  dales are also said to have
    a slightly more pronounced trot although this is probably debatable. 
foal imuno-defficiency syndrome
at least since the 1990s breeders have been aware of a genetically caused immune
    deficiency syndrome (fis)  in the fell breed.  fis, which is a fatal disease,  has
    now been found in dales ponies as well.  foals that are born with this genetic defect
    appear normal at birth but show signs of weakness and illness starting at two to
    four weeks.  health problems are progressive and fouls will not typically live beyond
    a few months.  for a foal to acquire fis, both sire and dam must carry the defective
    gene.  in such breeding situations there is a 25% probability of a foal acquiring
    two defective genes and succumbing to fis.  genetic tests are available that can
    determine if a specific pony carries the fis gene.  
this test is available through the dales pony society (england). 

our breeding stock have been tested for fis and all have been shown to be free of
    the fis gene.




e-mail:  dpssecretary@googlemail.com
dales pony society, secretary
greystones, glebe avenue
great longstone
bakewell, derbys de45 1ty
 uk
www.dalespony.org


e-mail: ken@raspotnikfarm.com
dales pony society of america
president:  ken raspotnik
usa
www.dalesponies.com





stephen and marian  barker 7950 red prairie rd. 
sheridan, or 97378 
(503)-843-3935





dales pony book and video



2005 
stallion: castle hill rob 
available through live cover and frozen semen



2005 
stallion: dartdale peter boy 
available through frozen semen



home         stock for sale         books/videos      gallery


return to top of page


prices are subject to change without notice 
please make you check or money order payable to:
blooming dales pony farm






