





hacap | building stronger communities










































get help
volunteer
donate



menu





our serviceshealth & nutritionenergy conservationchildrenaffordable housingveteran supportdisaster assistancehomelessnessembrace iowahow to helpdonatevolunteeradopt a classroomabout usannual reportlocationsstaff & directorsstrategic initiativesfinancial informationcode of ethicsemployee webmailcareers 

contact us 
news & updates 
blog 
partner login 








closure notice
all hacap sites and offices will be closed monday, february 17th in observance of president's day.




spread the love: peanut butter drive
support the hacap food reservoir by donating much needed peanut butter as a part of our spread the love campaign now through the end of february!
 
donate here




liheap applications now open
available to assist with heating costs for qualified applicants. 
 
apply here




mobile food pantry schedule
view the latest schedule and share with those in need.
 
view here




nw neighborhood resource center
now accepting appointments and seeking pasionate volunteers.
 
learn more




find a food pantry
access a full directory of food pantries in your area.
 
full listings here
 










 
closure notice
all hacap sites and offices will be closed monday, february 17th in observance of president's day.



 
our services

hacap (hawkeye area community action program) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping individuals and families in need across several iowa counties. through a variety of services, hacap works to alleviate poverty and improve the quality of life for its clients. these services include food assistance, housing programs, child care, energy assistance, and support for emergency needs.
 
view services  virtual help center
 
 



 our mission
helping people develop skills to become successful and build strong communities.
 
learn more



 our vision
a thriving community where all people have the opportunities for success.
 
join our team


 
news & upcoming events
vita tax assistance now available for dubuque, deleware, and jackson county residents
need tax help? vita offers free, expert assistance. if your income is $67,000 or less, we’re here to help with no-cost tax support. we also provide specialized assistance for seniors, individuals with disabilities, and limited english-speaking taxpayers.  appointments available tues-thurs, feb 4 - apr 15, 2025. schedule your in-person appointment here.
 
i-smile free dental services and treatment for children ages 1-13
give your child a healthy smile with i-smile’s free dental services for children ages 1-13! join us on february 21st from 8:00 am to 12:30 pm at kimball beecher family dentistry in iowa city for a no-cost dental check-up and treatment. appointments are required, so call 319-337-2114 to reserve your spot today. don’t miss this opportunity to ensure your child’s dental health.
 
walk-in dental screenings available for kindergarten and 9th graders
kindergarten and 9th grade dental screenings are a requirement for iowa schools. no appointment necessary, walk-ins only. must have parent or guardian present. find our availability here.
 







many ways to give back
at hacap, we rely on the dedication of over 2,000 volunteers who contribute more than 11,000 hours each year to strengthen our communities. as a nonprofit community action agency, your financial support is essential for running our vital programs and services. with your donations, we can offer childcare, safe and affordable housing, veteran support, and food security across the nine counties of eastern iowa we serve. join us today and help create lasting change in our community!
 
food drives   adopt a classroom   donate or volunteer
 
 


 










close 
add impact to your inbox. 
join our amazing community and get all the details on programs, the hacap impact and ways you can support your community today!












we are hacap
hacap is a community action agency serving 9 counties in eastern iowa. we embrace the philosophy of "a help up, not a handout" in our commitment to empower and improve the lives of families, living with the everyday barriers of poverty.
this website is supported by grants from the office of head start and office of community services within the administration for children and families, a division of the u.s, department of health and human services. neither the administration for children and families nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). the opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of  hacap and do not necessarily reflect the views of the administration for children and families and the office of head start.


our partners










connect with us

 icon
 icon
 icon
 icon
 icon




copyright © 2025 hacap corporate office. all rights reserved. this institution is an equal opportunity provider and employer. | privacy policy | web application by informatics, inc
172.17.0.2



















