























university of denver






skip to content









current students

 




alumni

 




families

 




neighbors

 




faculty

 




staff

 




businesses

 




event portal

 





         newman center
        




         ritchie center
        




         kennedy mountain campus
        




         du bookstore
        




         cable center
        




         museum of anthropology
        




         vicki myhren gallery
        




         evans chapel weddings
        









utility menu


explore

directory


request info


give


visit


apply


report an incident


resources for










back
    

cart
the cart is empty.
total$0.00
checkout
interested in more? search courses


 close search

















main navigation


admission & aid




 




visit our campus

discovering our campus is a breeze, whether you’re a high-schooler thinking about attending du, an admitted student learning your way around, or a teacher or counselor setting up a group visit.
visit us





admission & aid overview


undergraduate admission


graduate admission


financial aid & scholarships







academics




 




the world is your classroom

with opportunities to participate in research and internships as well as robust service learning and study abroad traditions, a du education takes you beyond the lecture hall walls.
explore





academics overview


undergraduate programs


graduate programs


outside the classroom


study abroad


libraries


schools & colleges


the 4d experience


accreditation







research




 




du research

our student and faculty researchers are blazing trails, and the world is taking notice. check out some of our recent success stories and our ongoing efforts to improve our world.
learn more





research overview


research institutes


public impact fellows







campus life




 




make yourself at home

with well-appointed, sustainable residence halls and meals made from scratch to accommodate all dietary needs, du is a place you can feel at home.
explore





campus life overview


undergraduate student government


living at du


arts & activities


academic support







athletics


news


events


about




 




kennedy mountain campus

learn about our brand new kennedy mountain campus and explore the ways it contributes to our four-dimensional experience.
explore





mission, vision & values


educational approach


freedom of expression


first destinations


kennedy mountain campus


local involvement


global reach


history & traditions


alumni


our leadership


diversity, equity & inclusion


community + values


university policies















search





search input



submit search










toggle menu

























for the difference










      a foundation of learning
      


at du, we’re creating a better future, for all. we offer students the opportunity to build the skills, knowledge and perspective to make a difference in our world and create real, lasting change.from our classrooms and labs in the city of denver to our one-of-a-kind campus in the colorado rocky mountains, we foster a four-dimensional experience that focuses on intellectual growth, well-being, character and career skill-building. here, you'll be part of a culture that enriches every member of the du community and advances the greater good.


explore du academicsthe 4d experience








featured news






















university news

      daniel l. ritchie, visionary 16th chancellor of du, remembered for his lasting impact
      
                              known as the “cowboy chancellor,” ritchie was a tireless advocate for du and an unparalleled leader whose dedication to excellence and the greater good will inspire generations to come.
            












university news

      princeton review ranks du no. 1 for ‘students love their college’
      
                              the university ranked as the most loved by its students, according to the princeton review’s survey of 168,000 college students.
            












university news

      a constellation of support
      
                              how the university of denver’s 4d experience is shaping holistic student growth
            












university news

      former inmate facing 300 years behind bars learned he had a traumatic brain injury — now he’s helping others
      
                              marchell taylor had been in prison nearly half his life when test results showed he'd been living with a tbi. now, he speaks up for others with the condition.
            












university news

      university of denver graduate programs rank among the top in the nation
      
                              several du graduate programs placed in the top 100 in u.s. news and world report's 2024-2025 rankings.
            














two campuses, one du













every du student receives a four-dimensional experience at our denver campus—125 grassy, sun-kissed acres just minutes from downtown denver—and at our inspiring mountain campus nestled in the colorado rockies.you'll draw on denver's thriving startup scene and vibrant arts culture and learn why it's one of the best cities in the nation for new careers—and why over 70% of our undergraduates decide to make colorado their home after graduation. at the same time, the kennedy mountain campus will offer you the chance to reflect, connect and explore colorado's stunning natural landscapes.through this unique, two-campus learning experience, you will enjoy new and exciting opportunities to build life-long bonds with your peers and apply and deepen the knowledge you gain in our classrooms. you will connect to a sense of confidence in yourself, the value of your skills and your ability to change the world.
explore the kennedy mountain campus













    discover your purpose
























through our signature 4d experience, you will thrive at du supported by a network of mentors and advisors invested in your success. and you will be prepared for life after you graduate, equipped with knowledge, a sense of purpose and a valuable set of skills. 














you'll take part in transformative, hands-on educational experiences that provide you with excellent opportunities to grow intellectually and build the skills you'll need for a life and career of purpose.














our engaged, collaborative, inclusive culture will empower you to learn more about your own strengths and passions while exploring well-being from a big-picture perspective, from physical and mental to social, financial and spiritual.






slide 1 details.
current slide


slide 2 details.


slide 3 details.






















you belong here
you come to du for the world-class education. you stay for the lifelong friendships, mentorship and supportive community. here, our students discover a second home. find your du family in our state-of-the-art dimond family residential village, at the kennedy mountain campus or by joining one of hundreds of clubs. connect while helping meet our sustainability goals or while serving the public good with one of our centers and institutes. wherever you go and whatever you do, you'll be able to build relationships that define your experience and last a lifetime.explore student life





















it's your future
be ready for a dynamic world
at du, you will deepen your understanding of the world and discover how you can make a positive impact. our degree programs serve you as a multidimensional, unique individual. start with our liberal arts program and gain the broad view, then build a custom plan from our formal degree programs to get the first-hand learning you need to make real change.  
in addition, our recognized status as a very high research university (or “r1”) by the carnegie classification of institutions of higher education means you'll have the opportunity to conduct groundbreaking research in fields ranging from sustainable energy distribution to peace and conflict.









      start creating your plan
      


 search input





                        search undergraduate programs
                         



                        search graduate programs
                         



















making a difference
for a better tomorrow
at du, our commitment to serving the public good begins with improving lives and communities here in denver and colorado. we accomplish this through groundbreaking student and faculty research, community initiatives and effective partnerships with the organizations and individuals making positive change right now. throughout their studies, du students will have the opportunity to help lay the groundwork for a better future here in colorado.  
explore local involvement












      greet the future with confidence
      
with a four-dimensional experience, you will graduate with more than a degree. you will build a comprehensive and dynamic set of skills that will serve you throughout your entire life. you will leave du knowing the value you bring to every opportunity, confident in your ability to make a difference in your life, your communities and the world.


         apply for admission
        











disclosures
the university of denver admits students of any race, color, national or ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national or ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.
if interested in more information, please explore du’s consumer disclosures and the office of equal opportunity & office of title ix.
















request info








apply to du








visit du













                follow us:
            






"





"





"





"





"






see posts
                    







footer menu



maps


jobs


contact


privacy policy


feedback


consent preferences


disclosures




copyright ©2025 university of denver. | all rights reserved. | the university of denver is an equal opportunity affirmative action institution





start your application




undergraduate applicants


we accept the common app, a universal application that can be sent to many schools.



 

common app
first-year students transfer students


bachelor completions
all students

 



 


 




graduate applicants


go to the graduate admission application to submit your information. for information on admission requirements, visit the graduate academic programs page and locate your program of interest.



 

apply now
graduate application


explore programs
graduate academic programs

 



×






start your application




graduate applicants


go to the graduate admission application to submit your information. for information on admission requirements, visit the graduate academic programs page and locate your program of interest.



 

apply now
graduate application


explore programs
graduate academic programs

 



×






take the first step




undergraduates
contact undergraduate admission
request info


graduates
request graduate program information
request info




×





start your application:




undergraduate applicants


we accept the common app, a universal application that can be sent to many schools.




common app
first-year students transfer students


bachelor completions
all students


 
 




×






see our campus




undergraduates
view our visit options and schedule your trip to du.
 
schedule a visit


graduates
find your graduate program representative and schedule a visit.
schedule a visit




×





disclosures



the university of denver admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.
if interested in more information, please explore du’s consumer disclosures, the office of equal opportunity & office of title ix and heerf disclosures.



×





important links for navigating covid




government bodies
centers for disease control & prevention
colorado department of health & environment


healthcare services
kaiser permanente
du's health & counseling center




×


 


















