






	 plumbers & steamfitters local union 342 | concord, ca 94518






























toggle navigation










home


members only


about us 


about us


events


leadership


history


jurisdiction


wage rates


trust funds


organizing


government info.


political action


covid news archive


news archive


links




training 


training home


apprenticeships


contact training




join local 342


trust funds 


trust funds


isite


health & welfare


pension


supplemental 401(k)


employers


general information


links


contact trust funds




signatory contractors


credit union


contact the union





























welcome to the
            
plumbers & steamfitters 342
            
plumbing • pipefitting • hvac
            







a tradition of piping.
                        
 hardworking, highly skilled and dedicated workforce since 1914.
                        

































looking to join ua local 342??

we are looking for journeyman, apprentices, and helpers as a plumber, steamfitter, welder, pipeline or hvac/r service technician.  apprentice applications open may 2025.




get started, join!








top
                    news






















scholarship opportunities




















out of work list










news archive










                        welcome to
                        



skilled & trained


safe


dedicated





steamfitters local 342 was chartered into the united association of journeyman and apprentices in the plumbing and pipefitting industry of the united states and canada in 1914.











welcome to ua local 342
steamfitters local 342 was chartered into the united association of journeyman and apprentices in the plumbing and pipefitting industry of the united states and canada in 1914. it began with twenty-one charter members who sought a shorter work-day, wage increases, and better working conditions. those original members endured adverse conditions that are well documented in the history of the american labor movement.
what started as a small band of steamfitters grew to encompass workers in the welding, pipeline, refrigeration, and plumbing trades. the acquisition of these skilled trades came by way of mergers with other ua locals, including plumbers local 444 in 1994, and helped to establish one of the strongest examples of a combination local. we are proud of our humble beginnings and strive to maintain the highest standard of excellence.





pay your dues!
we have more options for active members to pay their membership dues.


click to pay
                                                




apprenticeship log-in
for on the job training (ojt) hours


click to log-in
                                                












a message from business manager che' timmons


local 342 training during covid-19
 

there have been extensive efforts to ensure we are continuing to provide a safe learning environment for the advancement of our skilled and trained work force during these unprecedented times.
 










our
                    notices










members only


we want our members to have the latest information on what is happening at the union hall. click
                            below to check out upcoming events & more!









apprenticeship


are you willing to work hard & get paid well while being trained by some of the best instructors
                            in the industry? click the image to learn more.









contractors


need a contractor? search out local directory for the right individual for the job! we have the person
                            you are looking for!








how do i become an apprentice??
if you are interested in learning more about our apprenticeship program or how to apply for it, please feel free to contact us.  this information will also be helpful to answer some of your questions:

click here
















































                                935 detroit ave
                                 concord, california 94518
                                 phone:
                                (925) 686-5880














mission
                                statement

united association local union 342 represents workers in the pipe trades industries. these highly skilled craftsmen and craftswomen build and service everything from sanitary plumbing in homes, to ultra pure process piping systems in semiconductor and biotech plants. 
                                




site
                                map




home



about us



members only



training



apprenticeship



contractors



contact










                        © 2025 all rights reserved, ua local 342 | content disclaimer |
                    developed by unionlaborworks
























