
















home & construction loans | agsouth farm credit








      skip to main content
    






search

site search 





serving ga , nc & sc
844-agsouth
digital banking





 logo
menu

navigation


main navigation


products
open products


land loans


farm loans & services


home & construction loans


crop insurance


leasing


capital markets & corporate lending




blog


member benefits
open member benefits


stockholder information


patronage program




outreach
open outreach


agaware workshops


agbiz program


ag leadership institute


growing our communities grant


photo contest




about
open about


agsouth executive leadership


directors


careers


financial reports


disclosures & ethics




contact us














home & construction loans


          specializing in financing homes with acreage
  








breadcrumb


products


                  home & construction loans
              




looking to buy or build your dream home?agsouth mortgages, a division of agsouth farm credit, makes loans for various home loan types. explore all of our offerings below and speak with one of our home or construction lenders to get started.home purchases & refinancinghomes with acreagehomes in town & in the countryvacation propertiesinvestment propertiesup to 97% financing for first-time homebuyersup to 95% financing for conventional loansusda & va loans with 0% down refinancing home constructionconstruction to permanent (c2p) loansfinance your land, construction, and permanent mortgage with one loan saving you money on closing costs.out in the country or within city limitsoptions for barndominiums, manufactured/modular homes, second homes, and homes exceeding the moderately priced dwelling limit.fixed rate during construction. lock in permanent rate within 60 days of completion. up to 12 months of construction timerural home construction if your dream home doesn't fit within one of our c2p programs, then agsouth farm credit’s rural home construction loan may be best for you. once your home is complete, we can finance your mortgage under the same roof!flexible draw schedulesquick turnarounds on drawspayments can go directly to the builder with the home owner’s approval for an efficient processup to 85% financing*disclaimer - loans through agsouth mortgages do not qualify for patronage.

 


browse the site


land loans


farm loans & services


home & construction loans


crop insurance


leasing


capital markets & corporate lending



 
 




















construction to permanent faqs
building your home can be stressful. whether you already own your land or you want to buy land and build, agsouth mortgages can finance your land and construction and save you money with a one-time closing with our construction to permanent (c2p) program. click here for the best answers to your construction to permanent loan questions. 











have a local mortgage expert contact me














home purchases frequently asked questions

how do i know how much house i can afford?

generally speaking, you can purchase a home with a value of two or three times your annual household income. however, the amount that you can borrow will also depend upon your employment history, credit history, current savings and debts, and the amount of down payment you are willing to make.
you may also be able to take advantage of special loan programs for first time buyers to purchase a home with a higher value. give us a call, and we can help you determine exactly how much you can afford.

how do i know which type of mortgage is best for me?

there is no simple formula to determine the type of mortgage that is best for you. this choice depends on a number of factors, including your current financial picture and how long you intend to keep your house. agsouth mortgages can help you evaluate your choices and help you make the most appropriate decision.

what does my mortgage payment include?

for most homeowners, the monthly mortgage payments include three separate parts:

principal: repayment on the amount borrowed
interest: payment to the lender for the amount borrowed
taxes & insurance: monthly payments are normally made into a special escrow account for items like hazard insurance and property taxes. this feature is sometimes optional, in which case the fees will be paid by you directly to the county tax assessor and property insurance company

*private mortgage insurance (pmi) may be required for downpayments less than 20% percent.

how much cash will i need to purchase a home?

the amount of cash that is necessary depends on a number of items. generally speaking, though, you will need to supply:

earnest money: the deposit that is supplied when you make an offer on the house
down payment: a percentage of the cost of the home that is due at settlement
closing costs: costs associated with processing paperwork to purchase or refinance a house


what does my credit score mean?

learn how your score is calculated, what factors go in to your credit history, and how to use that information to your advantage. 

how can i improve my credit score?

what constitutes a good credit score? typically, credit scores range from 300 – 850 regardless of the credit bureau providing the score. each of the three bureaus calculate scores differently, so don’t be alarmed if your lender doesn’t have the exact number you do. learn more here.

what are some mortgage tips for first-time homebuyers?

from credit scores to down payments, we discuss six things all first-time home buyers should consider before making their purchase. 

what should i have on hand before i apply?

here’s some information typically required by a lender for a home loan. it may sound like a lot, but the lender is taking a risk by lending money to someone they don’t know over an extended period of time. they need to make sure they cover all the bases to protect them and their other borrowers. for all applicants, you will need:

social security card
driver’s license
residence addresses for the past 2 years
names & addresses of employers for the past 2 years
gross monthly salary & current paystubs for the last month
names, addresses, account numbers and balances of all of your open credit
addresses of all real estate owned by you
loan information on all real estate owned by you
estimated value of furniture & personal property
last 2 years of w2s or, if self-employed, the last 2 years of tax returns



 








browse the site


land loans


farm loans & services


home & construction loans


crop insurance


leasing


capital markets & corporate lending



 


 






agsouth farm credit, acaserving sc, ga & nc

facebook
twitter
twitter in
instagram
youtube

 146 victory lane | statesville, nc 28625 | 844-agsouth | nmls #619788




search site







footer


about us


careers


disclosures


privacy policy


california consumer privacy act disclosure


whistleblower info





equal housing lender

















