




alliance health care support | helping healthcare professionals build links and access resources





















alliance health care support
helping healthcare professionals build links and access resources

 




about usdisclaimerprivacy policyterms & conditions










02aug 2021 

pediatric chiropractic

by david 



we should begin by comprehending what chiropractic is, before getting to its pediatric classification. chiropractic is a technique that involves supportive treatment, depending on the recognition and therapeutics regarding the poor alignment of the joints. the objective is to enhance performance and alleviate pain.
 
in particular, the main area of focus is the spine. the reason is, any kind of misalignment involving the spinal column is likely to cause malfunctioning of nerves and other organs. it is worth noting that chiropractic does not involve the prescription of drugs or complex procedures such as surgeries.
 
what can be nursed by chiropractors?
 
professional practitioners in the field of chiropractic are referred to as chiropractors. in their line of duty, chiropractors fine-tune the spine and also maneuver other parts, ensuring that they are all in the correct symmetry. several problems are addressed and resolved by chiropractors. such include:
 

neck aches

soreness in the neck is treated through adjustment of the neck and the body parts around that region.

migraines

it is believed that chiropractic is therapeutic and greatly reduces mental health issues such as stress and anxiety. in turn, the resulting relaxation lessens migraines.

soreness in the lower back

pain in the lower back is the most common problem that is addressed by chiropractors. this is because the effect of the backbone’s improper alignment is mainly felt on the lower back.

head pains due to tension.

such kind of soreness can be attributable to distress or incorrect posture. these aches can be alleviated through manipulation of the neck.

shoulder soreness

there is a common problem that causes stiffness and pain in the shoulders. this condition is a syndrome, referred to as frozen shoulder. as a treatment, chiropractors subject the shoulder muscles to stretches.

aches in the knee

this kind of pain can be a result of the weariness of ligaments around the knee region. after a chiropractor’s nursing, pain is reduced and flexible movement is restored.
 
what is pediatric chiropractic?
 
supportive treatment offered to children concerning the alignment of joints is known as pediatric chiropractic. often, it is assumed that chiropractic treatment is crafted and suitable for adults only. it is possible to draw such an assumption from the ailments that are nursed by chiropractors, as listed in the preceding segment.
 
however, chiropractic also offers treatment for a variety of childhood issues. there are tender chiropractic solutions, specifically suitable for young ones across all ages. chiropractors are professionals who are well versed with their responsibilities and can therefore be trusted to be gentle when offering this treatment to both infants and teenagers. an example of such competent practitioners is dr. daniel chatfield, a qualified and highly sought-after sunbury chiropractor.
 
what does pediatric chiropractic involve?
 
in pediatric treatment, comprehensive chiropractic care is offered to a child. this includes:

tender manipulation to correct the child’s musculoskeletal disarray.
gentle physical exercises and stretches.
professional guidance on the proper diet to be observed.
follow up on the child’s nourishment and general well-being.

 
any concern that involves a child’s posture, and coordination between the hands and eyes, can be addressed by a chiropractor. seeking pediatric chiropractic care is a wise decision, that guarantees the holistic welfare of the child.
 




28may 2021 

what is a pinched nerve?

by david 



undoubtedly, no single individual wants to experience the pain that comes with a pinched nerve. but, precisely what does a pinched nerve mean?
a pinched nerve in the neck, cervical radiculopathy in medical terms, refers to an irritated or damaged nerve. this medical condition occurs if a nerve is inflamed or injured where it branches out from the spinal cord.
a pinched nerve can result in pain radiating through your arm, shoulder and can also cause muscle fatigue. it is common in older individuals as our spines undergo wear and tear as we age. a pinched nerve is not common in young people, although it can occur if one suffers a sudden injury resulting in a herniated disc.
symptoms of a pinched nerve in the neck
so, how do you know you are suffering from a pinched nerve in the neck? here is a list of symptoms you may experience when suffering from a pinched nerve.

pain – a compressed or injured nerve can cause pain around the neck area. sometimes, a painful sensation may be the only symptom. however, you may experience other symptoms without any pain.
radiating pain through your arm and or your shoulder
tingling or numbness
a burning sensation, often referred to as ‘pins and needles
weakness and muscle fatigue when performing certain activities

with a pinched nerve, the symptoms tend to worsen when you turn your head or strain your neck.
risk factors for a pinched nerve
these are some of the factors that increase the risk of a pinched nerve.

disc abnormalities – abnormalities such as herniated or bulging discs in your spine can lead to additional stress on the nerve roots.
poor body posture – general poor body position or posture such sitting with your back bent can lead to spine injury.
traumatic injury – traumatic incidences such as car crash or a fall can cause spine injuries that can lead to nerve injury or irritation.
weight gain – weight gain can increase the risk of a pinched nerve as it puts additional stress on your spine and joints.
pregnancy – a pregnant woman is at a higher risk for developing a pinched nerve as pregnancy increase water retention and weight, which can put extra pressure on their spines.

exercises to relieve a pinched nerve
the length of time it takes for symptoms to disappear varies from person to person. if symptoms are severe and persist for long, you may need to seek medical attention. however, you can perform simple exercises for a pinched nerve in the neck if the symptoms are mild.
these exercises focus on stretching neck muscles to alleviate pain by reducing pressure on the nerves.
chin tuck
the ‘chin tuck’ exercise lengthens your neck to reduce tension on your nerves. here is how to perform the exercise.

hold your chin and gently push it towards you neck
hold the position for about five seconds and release to relax
repeat the exercise for at least three rounds

head turn
your neck’s range of motion can slightly reduce due to pain that accompanies a pinched neck. the ‘head turn’ exercise can help lessen the tension. here is how to perform the exercise.

straighten your head and look ahead
slowly turn your head to the left and hold for 10 seconds
repeat the procedure to the left and hold for 10 seconds

you can repeat the procedure for about five rounds while incorporating up and down movements.
there are plenty of other exercises, including neck bend and shoulder roll, that can help alleviate the pain that comes with a pinched nerve. however, these are the top on the list. it is essential to seek medical attention if you have persistent and severe pinched nerve symptoms.
 




04nov 2020 

tips to use during your spring gardening

by david 



spring is right around the corner, and now is the time to start planning for your garden. gardening is fun and advantageous because it increases creativity, is relaxing, enhances mental stimulation, and there is a deep connection to the earth.
if this is your first year of gardening, you need to consider tons of factors, from the tools you will use to how you are going to minimize the injuries during gardening.
 
preparation
it would help if you planned adequately before you start planting anything. check the soil you are going to use. make sure it is the right soil depending on what you are going to produce.
 
warm-up
encourage yourself to take a jog and walks in the morning. some of the other exercises you can also do include; wall squats, lunging, and stability exercises. it will help you improve your muscle coordination.
before starting any gardening activity, make sure that you stretch your body to activate your muscles. stretch your shoulders, legs, and back. it is also crucial that you check the arm, do some arm exercise; for example, you could swing the arm from left to right and combine it with high knees. it will help with the joints.
 
tools and materials
there are specific tools that you will use during gardening. use protective gear to shield your body from mechanical injuries. some of them include; gloves, boots, long pants, and eyewear, which prevents the sun rays and small objects from entering the eye.
when it comes to hand tools, make sure that they are all sharp to minimize the amount of force you will use to dig and weed. also, ensure that you have all the materials you need to avoid unnecessary movements, which is very tiring.
 
split gardening activities
gardening injuries always increase when you push yourself into doing everything in a day or in a short time. it is a good idea if you plan every activity for each day. that way, you have time to relax.
spend a limited amount of time in the garden, especially when you are starting. for example, you could water on monday, mow on tuesday, and weed on wednesday. if you can’t do this, take short breaks in between the gardening process.
 
how to handle injuries
gardening is an activity that requires a lot of body movements, and it is important to always listen to your body if there are any injuries. some of the most common injuries include; low back pain, knee pain, thumb strain, neck pain, elbow pain, etc.
if any of these injuries occur and persist, it is best to treat the problem before it worsens. the north shore physiotherapy clinic is an excellent choice for the treatment of any of these conditions.
 
conclusion
gardening is the best way to keep your body active, it is engaging, and it has many benefits. as much as it is beneficial to the body, it has got its risks and challenges, but the tips above are to help you minimize the injuries so that you can watch your garden’s success this spring.
although sometimes the pain may persist for long, do not let it stop you from gardening as there are services to help you relieve the pain fast.
 




06feb 2020 

benefits of real-time ultrasound in spinal therapy

by david 



real-time ultrasound is used extensively to provide safe, cost-effective, and available means of examining various body tissues and organs. physiotherapists have used therapeutic ultrasound for long enough to aid repair soft tissue injuries. recently, they are now branching into real-time ultrasound for spinal physiotherapy due to the following benefits.
 
it is beneficial for muscle retraining
real-time ultrasound physiotherapy is an effective treatment for lower back pain. the best way to activate correct t spinal muscle stability is by seeing them work in an ultrasound scan as you perform the exercises. nothing seems motivating as watching a video picture of your muscles working; it enables you to match up what you feel and what is happening in your body at that particular moment.
using the real-time ultrasound allows you to watch your spinal muscles contract, relax, additionally, you can determine the relaxation size and time interval. under the guidance of your physiotherapist, you can do the ultrasound retraining; you learn how to correctly contract your core muscles even at home, which will quickly ease your back pain.
 
provides biofeedback
biofeedback is useful to both the patient and physiotherapists, for the patient, it is a teaching tool where you learn what is required and how to perform it, to improve your spinal outcomes. during your regular therapy sessions, you learn various hands-on exercises to manage pain, improve circulation, by retraining your body to regain mobility. biofeedback helps you to determine whether you are performing the tasks well. if you are doing it in the wrong way, you make adjustments until biofeedback shows that you have mastered the activities correctly.
to the physiotherapist, the real-time ultrasound provides visual feedback indicating muscle changes, and motor activation movements, and also helps to determine the performance of the deep spinal stabilizing muscles. it also facilitates a dynamic examination of spinal structures while interacting with you during the treatment process.
 
it can be used with the patient in any position
during activity-based therapy, there is a lot of muscle movement to promote strength training and neuroplasticity for the recovery of spinal cord injuries. the real-time ultrasound is put in any position to allow for patient movement and assessment of muscle functioning in various areas while you are lying or while standing.
its safety and simplicity make it appealing for spinal physiotherapy, especially in the image-guided diagnostic injection. it is crucial to administer the infusion precisely into the suspected area of pain, real-time ultrasound is, therefore, necessary.
 
it is necessary for newborns and infants
ultrasound of the spine is required for infants in the detection of birth injury like post-traumatic leakage of cerebrospinal fluid. it is also useful in the evaluation of suspected defects like syrimgomyelia, cord tethering, hydromyelia, and diastematomyelia. other benefits in newborns include post-operative assessment and visualization of fluids with blood products within the spinal canal.
 
conclusion
the ultrasound imaging method has no radiation exposure; it is simple to administer, non-invasive and provides improved soft tissue imaging. call 9144-1510 now to schedule an appointment with one of our physiotherapists.
 




29jan 2020 

different causes of surfer’s back and how to deal with them

by david 



surfing is quite demanding. it puts your legs, gluts and the back to test, often pushing them to the limit. consequently, back pain, or surfers back, is a common injury many surfers have to deal with. the blanket term refers to any lower back injury regardless of the cause.
in most cases, weak back muscles, posture or bad surfing technique causes the lower back pain. this means that you can enjoy the waves without putting your back on the line if you know what to do. here are some pointers on the main causes of surfer’s back.

perfect your surfing technique
surfing isn’t all about keeping your balance when on the board. you have to ensure that your stance is right to avoid putting too much stress on your back. a good rule of the thumb is to keep your back as straight as possible and keep low when doing the twists and jumps.
investing some time with a professional surfer or a coach is a great way to perfect your form. it might take some relearning and restructuring your surf schedule but it will be worth it in the long run.

work on your weak muscles
sporadic surfers who aren’t as fit are more susceptible to surfer’s back than seasoned surfers who have worked on strengthening their muscles. the most important muscles as a surfer are:

gluteal (buttocks)
your core
hamstring muscles
thighs and calves

while your gluts, thighs and hamstrings handle the board manoeuvres, everything is pivoted through your pelvis and the lower back. a strong core, especially stronger transverse abdominus and multifidus muscles, will let you soak in the torque without dislocating your back.
exercises that strengthen these muscles and improve your overall fitness will help you combat your pain. moreover, easing into surfing rather than going too hard every time you hit the waves will condition your muscles over time without letting you suffer back pain.

get your posture right
a few minutes on the surfboard will magnify any prior back problems you had. bad posture throughout the day will harm your lower back, and this will show once you start surfing regardless of how good your technique is.
poor posture could occur when you are sitting at the office, standing, lying in bed or going through your daily schedule.

if you sit down a lot, get a good chair with lumbar support or a straight chair that encourages you to stay in a natural posture
if you stand a lot, practice your posture so that you never excessively arch your back and put strain on the lower back
if you are always lifting heavy things, remember to lift with your legs and not your back. keep your back straight during the entire lift to protect your lower back

 
if you already have the back pain problem, you will need back pain treatment perth to take care of the problem before you implement the above solution. if you get your posture right, strengthen your muscles and better your form, you will no longer worry about surfer’s back pain any more.
 




09jan 2020 

improve your personal best through regular chiropractic care!

by david 



professional athletes rely on the expertise and advice given by a sports chiropractor to enhance their athletic performance potential, speed recovery, and prevent injuries. you too can benefit from this type of care. chiropractors that have attained special training in athletic performance, sports injuries and biomechanics apply a one-of-a-kind methodology to the care they offer.
normally, they place a lot of focus on:

good communication: professional athletes have a very good sense of how their bodies are feeling. for the chiropractor to understand their expectations, goals, and needs, there is no option but to ensure they get to listen keenly.
staying in the game: a good chiropractor will find a way to reduce or completely eliminate the athlete’s deconditioning by making sure that they are not removed from their traditional training environments. this may include substituting various forms of training to make certain that the athlete will psychologically remain in the game.
ongoing collaboration: chiropractic care requires the chiropractor to work as part of a team. this calls for them to work hand in hand with other healthcare providers and the athletes’ coaches.
instituting small changes to bring about big results: a slight change to the biomechanics of a professional athlete is capable of bringing about bigger and better results. before any changes can take place, it’s important to consider their competition and training schedules. this is how the chiropractor is able to identify the right time to implement changes.

a sports chiropractor is a professional who has a very good understanding of professional athletes. the chiropractor works with their patients to assist them to achieve their goals through performance training, sports rehabilitation, and sports therapy.
 
chiropractic care: what is it & how does it work?
 
when you visit the chiropractor for the first time, they will start by performing a thorough assessment of your joints, nerves, bones, and muscles. it’s an assessment that will assist the chiropractor to come up with an approach that they can use to relieve the pain you are experiencing and make it easier for you to advance your general wellness.
chiropractic care is generally a form of healthcare that focusses on the body muscles, nerves, and bones. simply put, “chiropractic” means “to do using hands.” this type of hands-on approach to providing healthcare is what helps to describe chiropractic care. the chiropractors rely on the use of their hands to specifically and safely adjust joints located in your spine, and in other parts of your body.
an adjustment provided by a chiropractor helps to improve mobility, restore proper nerve function, and reduce pain in all areas of the body. apart from providing body adjustments, a chiropractor can also provide nutritional advice, soft tissue therapies, fitness coaching, and lifestyle recommendations.
the goal of professional chiropractic care is to enhance your general well-being without the need to use drugs or undergo surgery. it’s, therefore, safe to say that a chiropractor is a licensed doctor that deals with muscles, nerves, and bones in the human body. theirs is to provide spinal and general wellness care.
 




04dec 2019 

how to handle vertigo and chronic back pains

by david 



how to manage vertigo
vertigo is the feeling of dizziness and loss of balance. the condition results from an issue affecting the inner ear, which is responsible for the stability of the entire body. vertigo has several causes, including past head trauma, a viral infection, meniere’s disease, labyrinthitis, or benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (bppv).
bppv can be described as a situation when small particles of calcium accumulate and float in the inner ear causing dizziness as you move around.
vertigo patients have trouble when it comes to sleeping. before going to bed, avoid eating spicy food, don’t take caffeine, and avoid bright screens; these could trigger a sleepless night. to fall asleep faster, try the 4-7-8 breathing exercise; inhale for a count of 4, hold your breath for a count of 7, then exhale completely (with a whooshing sound) for a count of 8.
as you go to bed, get the right pillow. you need a higher pillow. the higher your pillow is, the greater the angle to support your head. a wedge pillow is recommended for optimal support and an appropriate angle. also, the travel pillows on airlines do great. you can support your body and prevent rolling over body pillows.
adopting a good sleeping position is the other significant measure that helps a lot to provide comfort and curb the instances of dizziness. the position of your head determines how your night shall be. you should place your head strategically at an angle that won’t allow the troublesome debris from settling in the inner ear or fluid buildup. add a second wedge pillow to prop up your head further.
bbpv treatment alongside proper sleeping habits will quicken recovery from vertigo.
 
dealing with chronic back pain
according to the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke (ninds), chronic back pain is a stubborn, persistent pain that lasts for 12 weeks or longer after treatment of an underlying cause of acute low back pain or an initial injury.
the symptoms of chronic back pain include.

shooting/stabbing pain
muscle ache
pain that improves with reclining
pain radiating down your leg
pain that worsens with lifting, walking bending, or standing.

the common causes of chronic back pain include.

muscle/ligament strain
skeletal irregularities
bulging/ruptured disks
arthritis
osteoporosis.

it is essential to be enlightened on the risk factors of back pains, including:

advancing age – back pains are common at the age of 30+
rapid weight gain and obesity
pregnancy
genetic influences
fitness level
smoking
backpack overload
occupational challenges – poor sitting posture in the workplace
lack of exercise
poor mental health – stress & depression

the primary form of treatment is physical activity. it can be realized through normal daily activities (rather than bed rest), physical therapy programs, and workouts.
to prevent back pain, practice the following body mechanisms.

exercise regularly to keep your body fit – low-impact exercises are recommended, such as walking, swimming, and aerobics. back muscle and abdominal exercises make your muscles strong and flexible.
keep your bmi normal – being overweight strains your back muscles.
avoid strenuous movements – don’t slouch for long, sit with your knees & hips level, and lift manageable weights.

 
references

https://www.sleepadvisor.org/sleep-with-vertigo/
https://www.thesleepjudge.com/sleep-tips-for-vertigo/
https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/back-pain/symptoms-causes/syc-20369906

 




10jul 2019 

the role of chiropractic care in treating football injuries

by david 



more than 1.3 million children were admitted to the er due to sports injuries in 2012. according to the national electronic injury surveillance survey, football was the leading cause of these injuries among college and high school athletes with an estimated 466, 492 kids treated. the majority of the kids experienced sprained ankles, torn knee ligaments and busted heads. football is a favourite sport for children as young as five years, high school kids and college athletes hence, associated with the highest number of traumatic injuries. overuse injuries are also likely to occur as a result of heavy training and conditioning while concussions develop due to high-speed hits with the ground or other players. here are other common injuries kids develop when playing football.
 
concussions
this form of injury affects the head and is the most common form of football injury. kids aged 12-15 are prone to concussions. even with helmets, players still get injured as a result of sudden jerking motions or direct hits to the head. the victim may not pass out immediately but may develop symptoms like dizziness, headache, nausea, blurry vision, confusion, numbness, loss of balance, loss of memory or slurred speech.
 
knee injury
medial collateral ligament and anterior cruciate ligament are the most common knee injuries. the injuries develop during a tackle. the injury may also affect the cartilage and the meniscus of the joint, which later forms into arthritis. since young kids have a weak growth plate, fractures develop in the knee instead of tearing.
 
shoulder dislocation
this type of injury occurs when the shoulder develops a sprain on the joint close to the collarbone. young teenagers and growing kids often develop a fracture at the growth plate at the end of the clavicle, a condition known as ac separation. an unstable shoulder and tears along the tissue of the shoulder socket may also occur.
 
overuse injuries
back pain is a fairly common occurrence among young football players and is caused by overuse. the player may also develop patellar tendinitis, common knee injury problem that is usually treated through a strengthening program.
 
how chiropractic care helps kids playing football
chiropractic care has become a common form of preventive measure among kids playing football. most injuries are not apparent as the adrenaline felt by players during a competition can mask the pain. there are cases where patients develop injuries years after impact. sunbury chiropractors emphasise on pre-sports preparation to prevent the most common injuries among young players. their expertise in the neuromusculoskeletal system allows them to provide the best ways to avoid injuries when playing and offer advice on how to condition the body to prepare it for rough play.
 
also, regular chiropractic care for kids enables kids to enjoy the same benefits as adults, including keeping the body balanced, flexible and offers ways to alleviate aches and pains to keep the child performing to the best of his ability. while buying protective gear that is essential for kids, parents should consider making regular chiropractic care appointments as a preventive measure for football injuries.
 




03jun 2019 

benefits of shockwave therapy for resistent tennis elbow

by david 



tennis elbow is used to describe the pain that develops on the exterior of the lateral part of the elbow. it is known by other names like lateral epicondylitis, rowing elbow and the tendonitis of the common extensor origin. its origin remains unknown, though researchers associate it with the exertion of excessive pressure on the tendons located on the elbow, especially among athletes.
 
pain can last for 6-24 months based on the extent of damage on the ligaments. the condition affects 1-3% of people aged 40-50 years. conservative treatments like ultrasound, steroid injection, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and manipulative techniques have been used to treat tennis elbow, but none of them has produced consistent results. surgical procedures have also been used on patients with persistent symptoms, but the outcomes are unpredictable.
 
shockwave therapy was developed as a result and focused on applying single-pressure pulses for short periods on the elbow. the therapy was first administered for medical purposes to treat renal calculi and was later used in germany to treat musculoskeletal disorders like plantar fasciitis, humeral epicondylitis and the rotator cuff. in 1995, the german society of swt declared that the therapy could be used to treat a range of orthopaedic conditions, including lateral elbow pain.
 
how shockwave therapy is performed
 
the physiotherapist assesses the patient during the first visit. this examination is to ascertain that the patient is an appropriate candidate for the treatment. shock waves are sonic waves that release mechanical energy at the interface of two substances that have different acoustic impedance. during administration, a focusing device and an electroacoustic conversion mechanism are used. the focusing device helps release shock waves that pass through the skin to treat the affected area.
 
techniques for using eswt to treat musculoskeletal problems are yet to be standardised, but previous clinical trials show high-energy shock waves of 0.2-0.4mj/mm was used to treat calcific tendinitis and low-energy shock waves for heel pain and lateral elbow pain. the therapy can be administered more than once (usually once every 3-6 weeks) based on the results. general anaesthesia is given when high-energy shock waves are used.
 
benefits of the therapy
 
studies show that grip strength, pain and function improved after the procedure. here are some of the additional benefits of the therapy:

non-invasive treatment for chronic tennis elbow pain
cost-effective means of treating the condition
reduced side effects

 
effectiveness of the therapy
 
studies show the therapy has a 77 % success rate when combined with chiropractic care to treat tennis elbow. the procedure has a 91% success rate on patients who have calcific tendinitis and a 90% success rate on patients with plantar fasciitis.
 
side effects
 
after the treatment, the patient may experience tenderness, temporary soreness and swelling for some days as the procedure leads to an inflammatory response. patients may also experience pain, reddening of the skin and nausea. physiotherapists prohibit the use of this procedure on patients with nerve disorders, metabolic bone infection and bone tumours. also, expectant women, people with open wounds and patients using blood-thinning medications are not eligible for this treatment.
 




28may 2019 

chiropractic treatment for text neck pain

by david 



text neck is a condition that develops as a result of holding the head forward and downward for prolonged periods. many individuals adopt this posture when using their laptops, tablets, mobile devices and other such devices. text neck develops after the constant misalignment of the neck’s natural position, which increases the weight of the head. severe injury may lead to permanent damage of the cervical spine, which develops into chronic back pain later in life.
what causes the text neck condition?
usually, the body has an upright posture that allows the eyes to be aligned at the centre of the shoulders. this natural position ensures that the neck muscles hold the weight of the head (usually 10-12 lbs) without exerting excessive pressure. however, when the head is tilted forward (even by an inch) its weight increases significantly, causing text neck because the neck has to support six times the normal force. it explains why people who have an untreated text neck condition develop inflammation of the neck ligaments, increased spin curvature and nerve irritations.
symptoms of text neck
the condition often causes soreness and neck pain. individuals may also experience:
• instant upper back pain; it can be nagging, chronic and severe sometimes causing muscle spasms
• tightness and shoulder pain, which develops into painful shoulder muscle spasms
• constant or intermittent headache that is worsened when you look down
• increased spin curvature
text neck pain treatment
people who experience any of these symptoms should consult a chiropractor to find out if the issues are attributed to text neck syndrome. treatment depends on an individual’s symptoms and the length of time the patient has been experiencing the symptoms. chiropractors emphasise on using physical exercises to strengthen and stretch the muscles to alleviate the problem. here are some exercises they may recommend:
downward-facing dog
this exercise is ideal for opening up the shoulders and anterior chest wall, which tightens as a result of this syndrome. the pose works on the upper part of the body to strengthen the shoulder muscles. if you are performing this exercise as part of your workout regimen, consider pulling your shoulder blades downwards to create space around the neck area.
bow pose
this posture is suitable for individuals who have slumped shoulders. it opens the shoulders from the front part and strengthens the back muscles. to achieve a perfect bow pose, lift the heels high while keeping the tailbone pressed against the mat.
the chin tuck
it is a straightforward exercise you can perform from your working stations. the stretch enhances spinal awareness and strengthens the neck muscles to help the patient realign his head.
the cat-cow
chiropractors recommend this exercise to strengthen spinal awareness. the pelvis and the core are actively involved when performing this exercise. when breathing in, you create a tilt in the pelvis while the tailbone faces upwards. breathing out creates a posterior tilt, making the tailbone turn downwards.
the exaggerated nod
this posture counterbalances the forward and downward position of the head by pulling the shoulders downwards and backwards. it also improves neck mobility.
 


post navigation
1
2
3
…
5
next » 
 


 




search for:



  recent posts 

pediatric chiropractic


what is a pinched nerve?


tips to use during your spring gardening


benefits of real-time ultrasound in spinal therapy


different causes of surfer’s back and how to deal with them


categories 
chiropractic

dental health

exercise

health

injury

practice management

sports



 
 
 





    © copyright 2025 - alliance health care support 



contango theme ⋅ powered by wordpress




 




