


new orleans pentimento




















    
	new orleans pentimento
	
  
stories about the rebuilding of new orleans.

"pentimento" refers to the previous spirit of new orleans that will inevitably show through whatever "new" new orleans emerges from all of this.

it's a term used in art, when part of a previous painting shows through a subsequent painting that was created on the same canvas.

see http://www.nola.com for the most complete new orleans and katrina coverage





monday, april 20, 2009



	 
	 treme tv show
	 
    


the media equation   a disaster still raw, years later            comments (7)   e-mail send to phone print reprintssharecloselinkedindiggfacebookmixxmy spaceyahoo! buzzpermalink         by david carr  published: april 5, 2009  new orleans  skip to next paragraph    readers' commentsreaders shared their thoughts on this article.read all comments (7) »  last week, the 2600 block of annette street in new orleans looked like a place frozen at a very bad moment in time. there were tree limbs everywhere and a dump truck overturned in front of a row of houses with perforated walls that all seemed to sag in different directions. more than three-and-a-half years after hurricane katrina overwhelmed the city, it was as if the flood had just receded from this street in the seventh ward.the tableau was in fact a man-made disaster — a set for the pilot of “treme,” an hbo series about a group of new orleans musicians picking up the pieces after the flood. but then, many people would say that the flood that followed the hurricane was man-made as well. david simon, the man who embedded baltimore in the national consciousness through five seasons of “the wire,” is here to tell the story of new orleans now that the satellite trucks have pulled out. one of the unacknowledged benefits of a media environment that has atomized beyond the networks — endless cable channels, digital production and all kinds of new formats — is that it has created a sweet spot to reconsider history somewhere between the rain-lashed correspondent shouting back to the evening news anchor and, years later, the history channel deconstruction of great and terrible events. “milk,” an academy award nominated film about the life of harvey milk, comes to mind, but so does “w,” a movie by oliver stone that no one asked for and not that many saw. but with the passage of time, “w” will be an important movie, something that people from our future will stare at to understand who we were during those eight years. undoubtedly, some version of “the smartest guys in the room,” the documentary about enron, is being put together about the geniuses at a.i.g. the overall effect of the storm on new orleans, a sublimely idiosyncratic place, may make more sense through the lens of “treme.” just as the characters wade through the muck trying to figure out what went wrong here, the audience will, too.mr. simon has always played off the ball in his television work: “homicide,” “the corner” and “the wire.” “generation kill,” his mini-series about the initial american push into baghdad, came along just as most americans wished they had never learned the name sadr city. mr. simon says “treme” is not only about the storm, or even the aftermath. “it’s reductive to say so, but it is really a show about why new orleans matters.”in coming up with a first season for “treme,” mr. simon collaborated with eric overmyer, a colleague and pal dating back to “homicide” who has a home here, and david mills, who worked on both “the corner” and “the wire.” but he also enrolled lolis eric elie, a writer from the times-picayune with endless local lore in his possession, and tom piazza, the author of a poststorm book called, yep, “why new orleans matters.”“it’s a pretty good message right now when you think of it,” said mr. piazza. “this show is about a culture trying to rebuild and survive, something we are all facing right now one way or another. the strength that people showed here is the most inspiring thing that i have ever witnessed in my life, but it is not sentimentalized on the show.”speaking on the set, mr. simon said that he didn’t want americans to forget new orleans now that there were fresh and more widespread calamities, but “treme” is not intended as a civics lesson. “the times-picayune did an amazing job both before and after the storm, and there was a fair amount of very good national coverage,” he said, his eyes shielded by sunglasses. “this is not a statement or a critique of anything else that has been done. there are some judgments, but that has to be rooted in fair and careful reporting. storytelling is a totalitarian exercise, but if you want a shot at doing something legitimate, you have to do the work.”the national tragedy here has already served as the basis for some important work — the documentary “trouble the water” was nominated for an oscar, and spike lee’s “when the levees broke” was spectacular. but the flood also became neat, easy fodder for network television — see the now-canceled “k-ville.” there is nothing neat about new orleans, then or now. in fact, give or take the flotsam strewn about the set, the 2600 block of annette street does not look much different from the 2500 block, a place where people are trying to live, not make a movie. the emergency has passed, but the crisis remains, abetted by feckless municipal leadership and a national attention span that is measured in days, if not minutes. some events require not just recollection, however, but endless examination. the lessons of katrina and those of the financial collapse that now commands our attention seem remarkably similar: warnings went unheeded, hubris obscured the dimensions of a tragedy, and an effective response came too late. to those who were here after the flood, the epic ruination of an american city is still something that does not seem real. but it was. and real is a specialty of mr. simon. during a panel discussion at the tennessee williams/new orleans literary festival the weekend before, mr. simon called the decline of american journalism “heartbreaking.” but you get the feeling that he’s still in the same business, working with a different and much larger pencil. “the way people here talk is like gold laying in the street,” he suggested, his voice filled with wonder. if the show is picked up this spring, mr. simon’s crew could start shooting the rest of the first season as soon as this summer. but nothing is going to happen until november — beginning shooting any time before that would be to go into the teeth of the hurricane season, and the insurance cost would be prohibitive. new orleans is a place where vulnerability is a way of life. e-mail: carr@nytimes.comcheck out my other blogs (click on blog name to go there) = / 1.3rd eye blog / 2. favorites blog/ 3. vita excolatur (living well ...) blog/ 4. humor me blog/ 5. news and current events blog/ 6. consider this ... blog/ 7. consumer warnings blog/ 8. new orleans pentimento blog/ 9. we constant gardeners blog/ 10. chaillot family blog/ 



posted by joe paris at monday, april 20, 2009
0 comments






tuesday, december 18, 2007



	 
	 not coming back ?
	 
    


  with regrets, new orleans is left behind     michael stravato for the new york times  cynthia jones, left, her sister, pauline hurst, and their mother, evelyn williams, at the church warehouse where they now work.                           e-mail  print reprints save  sharedel.icio.usdiggfacebooknewsvinepermalink                by adam nossiter published: december 18, 2007   lake charles, la. — with resignation, anger or stoicism, thousands of former new orleanians forced out by hurricane katrina are settling in across the gulf coast, breaking their ties with the damaged city for which they still yearn.   skip to next paragraph  hurricane katrinago to complete coverage »   enlarge this image    michael stravato for the new york times  carla reese, left, with her daughter renee roussell, who said that “there is nothing to go back to” in new orleans.      they now cast their votes in small louisiana towns and in big cities of neighboring states. they have found new jobs and bought new houses. they have forsaken their favorite foods and cherished pastors. but they do not for a moment miss the crime, the chaos and the bad memories they left behind in new orleans.this vast diaspora — largely black, often poor, sometimes struggling — stretches across the country but is concentrated in cities near the coast, like this one, or atlanta or baton rouge or houston, places where the newcomers are still reaching for accommodation. the break came fairly recently. sometime between the new orleans mayor’s race in spring 2006, when thousands of displaced citizens voted absentee or drove in to cast a ballot, and the city election this fall, when thousands did not — resulting in a sharply diminished electorate and a white-majority city council — the decision was made: there was no going back. life in new orleans was over. now, they are adjusting to places where the pace is slower, restaurants are fewer, existence is centered on the home, and streets are lonely and deserted after 5 p.m., as in this city in southwest louisiana. these exiles, still in semi-limbo and barely established in a routine, describe their new lives less in terms of what it now consists of than of what they left behind. “i told them, ‘i love turtle soup.’ people here go, ‘what’s that?’ ” said pauline hurst, a former therapy technician at a new orleans hospital who settled here after her home was destroyed in the post-hurricane flood. dreadlocks, accepted in new orleans, might mean a reservation at a fancy restaurant is suddenly “lost,” as in the telling of one exile here. a burst of gunfire might mean an instant police response rather than none at all, as in new orleans, in the amazed recounting of another. late-night cravings mean the ihop rather than the famous camellia grill; going to work means hourlong trips on country roads, rather than, say, a 10-minute hop across the industrial canal from the gentilly neighborhood of new orleans. warily, they praise the quiet, the friendliness and the absence of crime. “it’s the country, but it’s — lovely,” said barbara shanklin, a retired city bus driver who has settled 50 miles to the southwest of new orleans in a terrebonne parish hamlet, gray. still, ms. shanklin added quickly, “i miss new orleans.” the precise calculus that went into these painful choices was complex, a mix of emotion and reason, in the telling of former new orleanians. they voted in 2006 clinging to a hope of return, and in some cases a desire to protect decades of black political gains by returning an african-american, c. ray nagin, to the mayor’s office. but while 113,000 voted in may 2006, only 53,000 did last october. the mirage of the old, comfortable life in a city of densely woven neighborhoods, beguiling if sometimes dangerous street life, and inviting po’ boy sandwich shops contrasted too sharply with the grimmer present-day reality of new orleans for these exiles. the old house was gone. the neighborhood was empty. the friends were missing. the job had vanished. rents were high, when you could find them. murder had returned (with about 200 victims so far this year), even if many of their friends had not.  and the city seemed frozen in its half-ruined state, strangely alien and unfamiliar. the current population remains stuck at somewhere between 200,000 and 280,000, far below the pre-hurricane level of 450,000. these exiles do not see the new orleans that has picked itself up; instead, they see the one that remains largely destroyed. away from the city, a less threatening existence awaited: blander and demanding adjustment, yet less oppressive. the quiet of languid country-town streets was deemed preferable to the absolute silence of whole abandoned blocks. outside new orleans, it was easier to deal with the still-fresh trauma of being homeless and losing “everything,” as several put it. “in the beginning, i thought i might go back,” said ms. hurst, who came here with her sister and 88-year-old mother, also chased out by the hurricane, and lived with them for five months in a single large room at st. mary’s missionary baptist church. they now work at the church, which has become a regional relief center for storm evacuees. the 2005 flood, ms. hurst said, turned everything in her home at the edge of the broadmoor section of new orleans “black, purple and green,” as though somebody had “just put everything in a blender.” yet the city had not relinquished its grip on her, and she voted in the 2006 new orleans election, at a special polling place in the white-columned calcasieu parish courthouse here. voting for the familiar new orleans candidates was an act of normalcy. but that election, once over, did not magically conjure up the old new orleans. going back was a jolt. “everything was gone,” ms. hurst said. “all that was gone — community, friends — scattered. you feel like, when you go there, you’re walking into a strange country. it’s just totally different. it just feels like you’re in outer space.” each return visit to new orleans brings sharp reminders of what was lost. “it hurts me, every time i go back,” said ms. hurst’s sister, cynthia jones. others spoke of being alienated from their old surroundings. “there is nothing to go back to,” said renee roussell, whose husband found a job as a manager at a casino restaurant in lake charles.sylvia young, a former public school teacher in the lower ninth ward, now works as a mental health counselor in la place, just up the mississippi river from new orleans. her old school and job are gone. “i go, and i get depressed,” ms. young said.she drove to new orleans to vote in 2006 — “i thought for a minute i could possibly move back,” she said — but not this year. “when i go to gentilly,” ms. young said, “and i see my son’s school is not back, and the house we lived in is gone, and the house next door to tammy and them is gone. everything is just gone. it’s either torn down or partially being rebuilt or just nothing done to it at all.”but, in the accounts from people who left new orleans after the storm, the missing or ruined physical landscape is barely half of it. even more absent now is the human landscape — the network of friends, relations and acquaintances that often, in new orleans, helps compensate for fragmentary families and neighborhoods that can be dangerous. life in the city takes place outside the home as much as inside; now, that would not be possible.“it’s not new orleans to me,” said ms. shanklin, the retired bus driver in terrebonne parish. “and i find myself asking, where are all the people? i see all the empty houses, and i knew once there was people in all those houses.”“where are the people, you know? where are the people?” ms. shanklin said. “it’s like somebody threw a bomb on it.” now, she lives in a trim little house that habitat for humanity built in a curving subdivision of similar dwellings definitely unlike new orleans. the town of houma is nearby, but there are fields all around, and it is quiet enough to hear birds. new orleans noises — police sirens, traffic, honking car horns, children, hip-hop music — can be conjured only with difficulty. at night, ms. shanklin boasted, she opens her window and listens to the cows in the pasture. but a year ago, she had a nervous breakdown and spent 10 days in the hospital. she missed new orleans.ms. roussell, in lake charles, said, “if anybody asks me where i’m from, i say new orleans. it’s not easy to let go. but why go back home, when nothing is what it used to be?”check out my other blogs (click on blog name to go there) = / 1.3rd eye blog / 2. favorites blog/ 3. vita excolatur (living well ...) blog/ 4. humor me blog/ 5. news and current events blog/ 6. consider this ... blog/ 7. consumer warnings blog/ 8. new orleans pentimento blog/ 9. we constant gardeners blog/ 10. chaillot family blog/ 



posted by joe paris at tuesday, december 18, 2007
0 comments






tuesday, december 04, 2007



	 
	 new orleans re-visited
	 
    


 north america > united states > louisiana > new orleans    new in new orleans     lee celano for the new york times under way new houses grace the streets in the new neighborhood of musicians’ village, which many see as a symbol of a new new orleans.                          e-mail  print reprints save  sharedel.icio.usdiggfacebooknewsvinepermalink                by dale irvin published: november 30, 2007   while new orleans continues to struggle to repopulate many residential neighborhoods after hurricane katrina pummeled the region in late august 2005, the bulk of the city’s popular cultural assets, which generally suffered little damage, are pulling in tens of thousands of out-of-town visitors. and not only are those old venues still big draws — breakfast at brennan’s, a stroll past street artists on jackson square, a visit to preservation hall to hear traditional jazz — an entirely new selection of cultural and culinary sites has emerged.  skip to next paragraph new orleans travel guidewhere to staywhere to eatwhat to dogo to the new orleans travel guide »  multimedia   map   new orleans     enlarge this image    lee celano for the new york times  spreading out barrister’s gallery has helped create an arts district.     enlarge this image    lee celano for the new york times  past and present the recently completed williams research center houses the historical collectibles of a city with a colorful history and exhibits them in its gallery area.    enlarge this image    lee celano for the new york times  raw: "birds of a feather" exhibit inside the annex to the williams research center in new orleans november 11, 2007.      enlarge this image    lee celano for the new york times  in a sign that life is getting back to normal in new orleans, children return from school in musicians’ village.      there are several new galleries, some wailing new music clubs and more than a dozen new restaurants — always a big draw in new orleans. even in parts of the city still in recovery there are new showcases for chefs, artists and musicians who continue to find that new orleans inspires them in a way no other place can. what follows is just a sample of the new offerings, chosen to represent several of new orleans’s most interesting neighborhoods and to showcase some of what’s new across the music, food and culture scenes.musicians’ villageupper ninth wardwww.nolamusiciansvillage.comeven on the tours of still-empty neighborhoods and gutted homes, moments of hope are finally emerging. “people’s eyes just light up,” noted our guide, alan raphael, near the end of a hurricane katrina tour for gray line. he was talking about the musicians’ village, a colorfully painted new neighborhood of habitat for humanity-built homes. the village was the brainchild of branford marsalis and harry connick jr., both born in louisiana. it will give displaced musicians an opportunity to live and perform in a new kind of community within a community, and will eventually be anchored by the ellis marsalis center for music, named for the patriarch of the marsalis family of master musicians. “it really is a beacon of hope for a lot of people around here,” mr. raphael said, ending his tour with a glimpse of a future new orleans that remains true to a culture and character unlike that of any other city in the world.528 music club528 fulton street, (504) 533-6117 of the several new music venues that have appeared since katrina, 528 music club, tucked into a restored building on the fulton street entertainment promenade in the warehouse district, is perhaps the most elegant. open since last fall, 528’s subdued, softly lighted interior provides an intimate setting for a roster of louisiana favorites like the jazz singers john boutté and ingrid lucia, bruce daigrepont’s cajun band and the blues of luther kent. there is no cover charge. hors d’oeuvres are available at riche (504-533-6117), todd english’s adjoining restaurant in the same building. a crab salad is $12, as is an accompanying martini. grand isle restaurant 575 convention center boulevard, (504) 520-8530www.grandislerestaurant.com“my first job after washing dishes was picking turtle meat,” recalled joel dondis of his first lessons in the culinary arts in his hometown, lake charles, la. he eventually made his way to new orleans, where his newest restaurant, grand isle, opened in june and is named for one of the state’s leading fishing communities. on the menu from the turtle-meat-picking days is turtle stew, with meat roasted on the bones for maximum flavor. an oyster dish is tinged with tasso, the spicy cured pork popular as a flavoring across south louisiana. the duck debris po’ boy tops crusty french bread with roasted duck in a rich brown sauce filled with crispy brown meat scraped from the pot — known locally as debris. po’ boy prices are under $10, with entrees starting at $15. the décor is understated, with walls covered in black-and-white photos by fonville winan, who spent decades documenting coastal louisiana life.  williams research center410 chartres street, (504) 523-4662www.hnoc.orgthere are few cities with a history as colorful as new orleans’s, a fact illustrated when the city’s primary repository of historical documents broke ground for a new facility. a careful excavation of the site by the new orleans historic collection uncovered layer upon layer of history, including one section that contained a concentration of liquor bottles and rouge pots. further research suggested that a hotel that burned on the site in 1822 could have been the house of the rising sun, the brothel of folk-song fame. while few records are intact from that enterprise, the new building is a painstaking reproduction of a hotel that was built on the site in the late 19th century. the williams research center of the historic new orleans collection is not only an invaluable resource for those interested in serious research about new orleans, but the expanded space, facing conti street, boasts a first-floor gallery with exhibitions that offer even casual visitors insights into the history and culture of louisiana. the current exhibition, “birds of a feather: wildfowl carving in southeast louisiana,” explores the evolution of hand-carved decoys from utilitarian hunters’ gear to art form.sucré3025 magazine street, (504) 520-8311www.shopsucre.comif you crave something sweet but are ready to move beyond beignets, head to sucré, which opened in april as a purveyor of a new incarnation of new orleans confections, including gelato flavored with steen’s cane syrup or with nectar crème, a flavoring similar to cream soda that’s a favorite on the shaved-ice treats that help new orleanians make it through the summer. then there is the ultimate: the all things nola sundae. it starts with a base of classic bread pudding made with yesterday’s croissants and brioche and topped with butter-pecan gelato. then on goes bananas foster sauce, inspired by the famous local dessert. crystallized pecans and a drizzle of steen’s are the finishing touches.ignatius 4200 magazine street, (504) 896-2225ignatius opened in the summer of 2006, tucked into a storefront. while the restaurant’s name pays homage to john kennedy toole’s novel “a confederacy of dunces,” the food is as appetizing as the book’s central character is not. the menu features a fusion of casual creole and cajun fare, like shrimp creole and crayfish étouffée. brunch includes omelets folded around jambalaya and boudin, the rice-and-meat-filled cajun sausage. a whimsical touch is having a locally brewed beer like abita served in the bottle and wrapped in a paper bag, the preferred method among the characters of mr. toole’s novel.ray’s boom boom room508 frenchmen street, (504) 309-7137ray holmes had finished remodeling his club in new orleans east when katrina washed all his efforts away. undeterred, he and the local jazzman kermit ruffins stumbled on an empty building on frenchmen street, just outside the french quarter, and opened ray’s boom boom room in november 2006.the space was remodeled, and a long oyster bar was installed. on fridays, you can enjoy free oysters at happy hour, while you wait for the local latin group freddy omar con su banda. the rest of the week it’s still at deal at $10 a dozen accompanied by r & b, brass bands and open-mike sessions. st. claude arts districtst. claude avenue between elysian fields and poland avenueswww.scadnola.compatrons were spilling out the door of l’art noir gallery even though it was still gutted just two months after katrina. it had managed to mount a show of words and images displayed against walls of brown paper tacked to bare studs. l’art noir (504-324-2489) is one of three galleries pioneering a still-threadbare landscape just downriver from the french quarter. “i wanted to go someplace again that is still historic, where the houses were responsibly priced,” said andy antippas of barrister’s gallery (504-525-2767). he found such a house — completed in 1869 — on st. claude avenue with plenty of room for a gallery. a few doors away, the farrington smith gallery (504-942-8600) brought a neglected vintage storefront back to life. the galleries have branded themselves the st. claude arts district and hold coordinated openings the second saturday of each month.farmers’ marketupper ninth ward, 3500 st. claude avenuealso on st. claude avenue, in a neighborhood where waterlines still mark walls, new lines form in the parking lot of holy angels convent every saturday from 1 to 4 p.m. locals line up to buy wayne brown’s pralines, made from cream, brown sugar and pecans. creole-style cream cheese — softer than cream cheeses elsewhere — and shrimp ceviche are on offer from kathia duran, who gets her shrimp from kay brandhurst, who is also at the market. it’s all part of a formula that provides another source of remarkable edibles in a city that lives for food and is also an income stream for many whose businesses had catastrophic losses from katrina.check out my other blogs (click on blog name to go there) = / 1.3rd eye blog / 2. favorites blog/ 3. vita excolatur (living well ...) blog/ 4. humor me blog/ 5. news and current events blog/ 6. consider this ... blog/ 7. consumer warnings blog/ 8. new orleans pentimento blog/ 9. we constant gardeners blog/ 10. chaillot family blog/ 



posted by joe paris at tuesday, december 04, 2007
0 comments









	 
	 brad pitt & nola
	 
    


   brad pitt commissions designs for new orleans     concordia  concordia's idea for the devastated lower ninth ward of new orleans includes a house with wide steps where neighbors can gather.                           e-mail  print reprints save  sharedel.icio.usdiggfacebooknewsvinepermalink                by robin pogrebin published: december 3, 2007    thom mayne of morphosis in los angeles designed a house that would float if the city floods. james timberlake of kierantimberlake associates in philadelphia created a house with native vines climbing up the side walls to provide shade and coolness. steven b. bingler of concordia in new orleans envisioned a house with wide front steps ideal for a traditional crawfish boil.  skip to next paragraph  hurricane katrinago to complete coverage »   enlarge this image    kierantimberlake  james timberlake added cooling vines climbing up the side of his building.      matt sayles/associated press  brad pitt      those are three of the designs by 13 architecture firms commissioned by the actor brad pitt to help rebuild new orleans’s impoverished lower ninth ward, one of the neighborhoods hit hardest by hurricane katrina in 2005.the project, called make it right, calls for building 150 affordable, environmentally sound houses over the next two years. in a telephone interview from new orleans, where he plans to present the designs today, mr. pitt said the residents of the neighborhood had been homeless long enough. “they’re coming up on their third christmas,” he said. mr. pitt said he had been attached to new orleans for more than a decade. “i’ve always had a fondness for this place — it’s like no other,” he said. “seeing the frustration firsthand made me want to return the kindness this city has shown me.” rather than bemoan the slow pace of redevelopment in the ninth ward, mr. pitt said he decided to address the problem directly by teaming with william mcdonough, the green design expert; graft, a los angeles architecture firm; and cherokee, an investment firm based in raleigh, n.c., that specializes in sustainable redevelopment. john williams of new orleans is the executive architect for the project. “if you have this blank slate and this great technology out there, what better test than low-income housing?” mr. pitt said. “it’s got to work at all levels to really be viable.”when make it right was announced at the meeting of the clinton global initiative in september, mr. pitt pledged to match $5 million in contributions to the project, as did steve bing, the philanthropist. nine other firms — all of whom donated their services — are involved, including adjaye associates; billes architecture; bnim architects; constructs; eskew & dumez & ripple; mvrdv; pugh and scarpa architecture; shigeru ban architects; and trahan architects. “we wanted to have a mixture of voices,” mr. pitt said. beyond serving a public need, mr. pitt — who has a longstanding interest in architecture — was eager to see what the designers came up with. “i was most curious about advancing the discussion further,” he said. “that was certainly one of the benefits of this exercise. there is no other reason to call on these great minds if you’re just going to shackle them.”the green building elements will reduce upkeep costs by at least 75 percent, mr. pitt said, and reduce some of the problems that devastated the lower ninth ward during katrina, when multiple levee breaks forced thousands of people from their homes.the architects were each asked to design a 1,200-square-foot house for about $150,000, with make it right to help with the financing. the houses had to be built five to eight feet off the ground, with a front porch and three bedrooms.mr. mayne of morphosis opted for a lightweight concrete foundation anchored by two pylons, like a pier, which would buoy the house if floodwaters rise. “it’s a boat,” mr. mayne said. “the population doesn’t want to live on stilts — and it’s expensive,” he added. “these are simple houses for low-income people.”mr. bingler of concordia said his design called for homes “that would respond to the culture of the lower ninth ward.” he said residents had asked him for “a house where the baby can be sleeping in the back, the mama making red beans in the kitchen and the grandpa can be on the front porch entertaining neighbors.”mr. pitt is asking foundations, corporations and individuals to contribute to the project by adopting one house, several houses or a portion of a house through the project web site, makeitrightnola.org. “you can adopt a tankless water heater or a solar panel or a tree or a low-flush toilet,” mr. pitt said. “you can give it to someone for christmas,” he said — instead of another sweater.responding to critics who question the wisdom of rebuilding at all in an area likely to get hit again, mr. pitt said: “my first answer to that is, talk to the people who’ve lived there and have raised their kids there. people are needing to get back in their homes.”  more articles in      arts »    need to know more? 50% off home delivery of the times.check out my other blogs (click on blog name to go there) = / 1.3rd eye blog / 2. favorites blog/ 3. vita excolatur (living well ...) blog/ 4. humor me blog/ 5. news and current events blog/ 6. consider this ... blog/ 7. consumer warnings blog/ 8. new orleans pentimento blog/ 9. we constant gardeners blog/ 10. chaillot family blog/ 



posted by joe paris at tuesday, december 04, 2007
0 comments






saturday, december 01, 2007



	 
	 waiting for godot - in nola
	 
    


   a broken city. a tree. evening.     lee celano for the new york times  wendell pierce, left, and j. kyle manzay rehearsing paul chan’s production of “waiting for godot,” set in the badly damaged gentilly neighborhood of new orleans.                           e-mail  print reprints save  sharedel.icio.usdiggfacebooknewsvinepermalink                by holland cotter published: december 2, 2007    new orleans  skip to next paragraph  enlarge this image    lee celano for the new york times j. kyle manzay, left, and wendell pierce in a “godot” that took place outdoors in various parts of new orleans. in one area, the intersection of two once-busy streets was used as the stage.    enlarge this image    librado romero/the new york times  mr. chan’s “1st light, 2005,” a digital animated projection that was featured at the last whitney biennial.      ted jackson/newhouse news service  paul chan     enlarge this image    courtesty of paul chan and greene naftali gallery, new york  paul chan’s 2003 artwork “happiness (finally) after 35,000 years of civilization — after henry darger and charles fourier.”      “in an instant all will vanish and we’ll be alone once more, in the midst of nothingness.” when the actor wendell pierce spoke these words in performances of “waiting for godot” here last month, he really was in the middle of nothingness, or what looked a lot like it.  the performances, by the classical theater of harlem, took place outdoors in parts of the city particularly hard hit by hurricane katrina and slow to recover. in the gentilly section, a gutted, storm-ruined house was used as a set. in the lower ninth ward, where one of the largest black neighborhoods in a mostly black city was all but erased by roof-high water surging through a levee, the intersection of two once-busy streets was the stage.  the streets are empty now, lined with bare lots. a few trees and houses stand far off. reclamation work by returning homeowners and volunteers is under way. but some residents live in cramped trailers supplied by the federal emergency management agency, here widely despised for its inefficiency. under the circumstances, beckett’s words sounded less like an existentialist cri de coeur than like a terse topographic description.  the “godot” performances were not isolated theatrical events. they were part of a larger project conceived by the new york artist paul chan, 34, who is well known to the international art world for his video animations of paradises embattled and lost, and to law enforcement officials for his activist politics.  in person quiet, good-humored and self- contained, he is an unlikely firebrand. he is also an unusual model for an artist, being one for whom creating objects in the studio and dynamic situations outside it are equally important, and for whom reading, teaching, talking and writing are all part of a larger something called art.  writing is everywhere in the lower ninth ward. the faded circles, x’s and numbers spray-painted on vacant houses by search teams after the storm continue to tell their coded tales: no bodies found. two bodies in attic. dead dog under porch. a board propped against a ruined church carries a hand-painted text: “can these bones live? behold, i will cause breath to enter you, and ye shall live.” the words, evoking an apocalyptic future, are from ezekiel.  sometime in october, new words began to appear. printed on small cardboard signs, they consisted of the same three phrases: “a country road. a tree. evening.” — an exact quotation of beckett’s scene-setting for “godot.” the signs were designed by mr. chan and posted all over the city, in a distribution pattern that had a rhythm of surprise. drive through a “good” neighborhood or a “bad” neighborhood and you’d spot one. at a traffic light, another one. on the boarded window of an abandoned shopping mall, another.  after a while the signs came to feel like a shared secret, or some bounteous but anonymous civic gift, the way keith haring’s subway paintings felt in new york in the early 1980s. they added up to a visual network, art as a connective tissue for a torn-apart town. mr. chan himself was everywhere in the city this fall, clearly at home in its multicultural dynamic. born in hong kong, where he lived until he was 8, he spent his adolescence in omaha. he went to school at the art institute of chicagobard college, starting in photojournalism and branching out into drawing, graphics and video.  and  a glance at his art tells you he’s a cultural polymath. the fantastic digital animations that first brought him art-world attention a few years ago refer to beckett, goya and henry darger, and blend images of biblical birds, suicide bombers and biggie smalls. they have the driven, eschatological urgency of outsider art. and new orleans, an outsider city if ever there was one, where the self-taught artist sister gertrude morgan (1900-80) preached in the streets and painted biracial heavens and hells at her home in the lower ninth ward — the house is till there; it survived the flood — is right for him.  but he has landed in other vision- shaping places as well. in 2002 he went with an antiwar group on a medical mission to iraq in defiance of united states sanctions. photographs and a video came out of that. in 2004 he was arrested after taking part in a demonstration at the republican national convention in new york. but, as is often the case, his political activity was twofold: in the street and in the studio, where as part of a collective called friends of william blake he designed a free new york map for protesters, pinpointing convention events, delegates’ hotels and public toilets.  more recently he has created gorgeous, shadowlike film projections of an everyday world in gravitational crisis — one was in the last whitney biennial — with bodies pulled down and objects floating away. at the same time he finished a filmed interview, broken by intervals of abstract color and light, with the civil liberties lawyer lynne stewart, who was convicted of passing information from an imprisoned client, sheik omar abdel rahman, to terrorists. a canny tactician, mr. chan insists that his art and his political work run on two separate, possibly conflicting, tracks. political action is collaborative, goal-specific and designed for power, he maintains. art, by contrast, is individually produced, ductile in meaning and built to last. it is the opposite of ideologically instrumental; it is made to melt power.  in new orleans, though, the two trajectories merged in a multifaceted project that was various in form and meaning, communal, physically ephemeral yet socially and politically continuing. the project encompassed the “godot” performances, but also included teaching and extended into neighborhoods and individual lives. it was a species of political art, one that enlarged and united both halves of that disparaged and despaired-of term. keeping the halves separate, you might say it was art that brought mr. chan to new orleans and politics that kept him there. he came to the city for the first time last year to give a talk at tulane university, where one of his shadow projections was installed. during a short stay, he visited the lower ninth ward and was stunned by what he saw, both the ruin and the reclamation work.  in addition, the vista of empty streets, bare ground and solitary trees brought “godot” to mind: he had already used the play’s landscape as a setting for one his animations. this in turn evoked the memory of susan sontag’s production with amateur actors in sarajevo in 1993, and performances in prisons before that.  he contacted creative time, a nonprofit organization supporting public art (it presented “towers of light” at ground zero) and proposed a new orleans “godot” project, for which he would serve as a nebulously defined artistic director. anne pasternak, the director, said yes; nato thompson would oversee it as curator.  mr. chan approached christopher mcelroen, who had directed a well-received run of “godot” for the classical theater of harlem using the agonizing wait for help after katrina as central metaphor. he agreed to rework the production for an outdoor setting. three actors from the new york cast would appear, including mr. pierce, a new orleans native familiar from the television show “the wire.” others would be hired locally. mr. chan would design new props. there would be two performances at each location, admission first come first served, and free.  while all these arrangements were pending, the artist sought the advice of locals with strong thoughts on the project, among them the artist willie birch, the community organizer ronald lewis and robert green sr., whose granddaughter had died in the flooded lower ninth. initially, they were skeptical of what looked like to be another carpetbagging venture: privileged outside artist comes into a stricken city, makes a dramatic gesture for which he gets credit, and departs, leaving nothing useful behind.  mr. chan answered the doubts by committing himself to several months of teaching in public schools and universities before and after the “godot” run. through creative time, he also established a “shadow fund,” in which donors would match dollar for dollar whatever the project cost, with the money staying in new orleans, distributed among grass-roots organizations involved in the city’s recovery.  since the only promotion had been the stealth advertising of mr. chan’s cryptic signs, there was no guarantee of an audience. but the times-picayune gave the event significant coverage, and thousands of people turned up for the performances over two november weekends. (a fifth was added to meet the demand.) at each, a gumbo dinner was served and the audience was brought into the seating area by second-line jazz bands.  the “godot” performances were different in the two locations. in the lower ninth, the surrounding terrain — no lights, no sounds, almost no people — became a character itself. actors emerged from and vanished into darkness. at the end, vladimir and estragon walked off in the direction of the levee that had burst.  the house in gentilly was closer to a traditional stage and grounded the play in everyday life. the very fact that the house had survived, standing, registered as a triumph, and the vaudeville side of beckett’s play, the laughing in the dark, came forward.  after the last performance, the classical theater and the creative time returned to new york. mr. chan stayed behind. he still had teaching to do. he would also be involved in a film about the project by cauleen smith, and a commemorative book with text by new orleans writers. in all of this, teaching included, his creation of a shadow presence — himself — is one of the most interesting aspects of his work. as an activist he understands the power of personal anonymity, or at least of elusiveness. it’s a kind of freedom. it keeps the field of possibilities open, lets you go where you’re not supposed to go, do what you have no right to do. you don’t know what you’re getting into? great. get into it. make a mistake. or be lucky. it’s all the same. then move on, back to the studio, into the street, wherever.  mr. chan was, of course, the center of the new orleans project and the imagination behind what is essentially a time-based, collaborative work of performance art. the kind of dispersed authority it represents runs against present trends, which overwhelmingly favor the production of single objects in a capitalist marketplace. no mystery there.yet mr. chan is part of that same story. he makes exceptionally beautiful objects. his animations, projections and drawings are already in museum collections and will doubtless represent him in art-history books, those arbitrary compendiums written by museums. this is how the art industry works, and it’s not going to change as long as our concept of art is institutionally determined and our notions of quality and craftsmanship driven by a thumbs-up, thumbs-down imperative.  but mr. chan also wants to try out — everything is a tryout — a new story, as have other artists, beckett among them, who feel they are living in a time of moral emergency. the soul of “godot” isn’t in vladimir’s despairing cry at being marooned in nothingness, but in something he says later in the play: “let us not waste our time in idle discourse! let’s do something, while we have the chance! it’s not every day that we are needed. let us make the most of it before it is too late!” when these words rang out in the night in the lower ninth ward and in gentilly last month, every person present knew exactly that they meant, in that place, at this time. and mr. chan knew, which is why we were there in the first place, participants in an art project that had everything, or at least a lot: objects, words, images, ideas, emotions, discourse, actions, lessons, beauty, politics, criticality and generosity. at the same time, it wasn’t all that big a deal. an artist — an unusual one, to be sure, and rarely idle — saw a chance and made the most of it.  more articles in      arts »    need to know more? 50% off home delivery of the timcheck out my other blogs (click on blog name to go there) = / 1.3rd eye blog / 2. favorites blog/ 3. vita excolatur (living well ...) blog/ 4. humor me blog/ 5. news and current events blog/ 6. consider this ... blog/ 7. consumer warnings blog/ 8. new orleans pentimento blog/ 9. we constant gardeners blog/ 10. chaillot family blog/ 



posted by joe paris at saturday, december 01, 2007
0 comments











about me

name:  joe paris 
location:  lafayette, louisiana, united states 
"our love must not be a thing of words and fine talk; it must be a thing of action and sincerity."  

" be the change you want to see in the world" - gandhi  

"choose friends and lovers not for money - you can earn more; not for knowledge - you can learn more; not for looks - we grow older by the season; favor disposition, that's the best reason." - grandma lillian
view my complete profile

links


new orleans news
3rd eye blog
news and current events blog
consumer warnings blog
humor me blog
favorite things blog
vita excolatur (living well ...) blog
consider this . . .
constant gardener blog
rebuilding new orleans blog
our chaillot family blog
my sister mimi's blog
my sister suzanne's blog
the new york times
ms-nbc news
national public radio npr
public television pbs
writer's almanac
slate
the farce report (comparitive media)
salon
blogarama
who links to me?
start your own blog
what a "blog" is
list your lists of favorite things

fun blog things
viz: amazing meganame generator


previous posts

treme tv show
not coming back ?
new orleans re-visited
brad pitt & nola
waiting for godot - in nola
journalists visit new orleans
n.o. : still at risk?
gentilly coming back
france & louisiana
new leadership

archives

january 1990
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
july 2007
august 2007
december 2007
april 2009









 



