hidden oaks llama ranch














 

















 











celebrating 28 years
of raising  llamas! 


 


 we
        are the tallmon family. wil &  sherri, our son logan & lily, our daughter kayla & mark and   three beautiful grand-children, gracelynn, william and octavia.
our farm is located on 50 acres near the small
        town of estacada; 
        35 miles se of portland, oregon. we have been in
      business since 1996 and have close to 60 llamas.



 


"bred for endurance, longevity and willing temperament"


 


our "ccara" classic
llamas are highly sought after for  breeding, showing
and packing. we offer a variety of exceptional breeding stock and show llamas in suri, silky and traditional fiber types. we pay special attention to exceptional bloodlines,
correct conformation, beautiful fleece, as well as raising and training
llamas that have a good disposition.       visit our sales page, where we
list male and female llamas for sale, as well as other llama related
items. 
our website is updated often,
but if you don't see
what you are looking for please let us know. we will gladly refer you to another reputable farm. 
visit
our herdsires page
to see some of the top quality breeding males our farm has to offer, as
well as our foundation page of  breeding females.
our first cria is due in march 2025,
so visit the babies page.      


 we feel we have a
        lot to offer; not only because of our diverse
        selection but the help you will receive once you take your llama(s)
        home. our main concern is not only making sure every llama we sell or
        place is happy and healthy, but that you are satisfied with your
        purchase.
        all llamas we sell or place, come with a well fitted halter
  & lead, ranch guarantee, unlimited after sale support and are
        current on vaccinations, deworming, nail trimming and shearing. if you are new to llamas and are
          interested in learning more about these unique animals, please be sure and visit
          our information page.          we
          enjoy our llamas in a variety of ways. from showing them across the
          country, to going in parades, visiting schools, adult assisted living
          centers, taking them on hikes, camping trips, using their gorgeous
          fiber and our very favorite, raising and training those adorable babies! we love our llamas and know you will too!








"the love between a man and his horse is made of loyalty, companionship and dedication. it is a silent and deep connection, where both understand each other without words. together, they share the freedom of the fields and the comfort of a faithful friendship, built on affection and trust." ~author unknown


 


thank you for visiting our website!


 



 








