

















































 


360-835-1000



services 
 coverage 
 support













×






services & rates


business
broadband
rates
metro ethernet
colocation
residential
broadband


company



          air speed internet has been proudly serving southwest washington, the portland metro and beyond since 2003. air speed has been locally-owned and operated since it's conception and pride's itself on being an active part of the community and treating their customers like neighbors.
        


support
contact & locations

















fast . flexible . secure
solutions for your business and home. reliable, secure and flexible intertnet

internet coverage
services










news & updates






update #1

air speed deploys a wireless broadband connection that's faster, more reliable, and free from limitations brought on by cable and satellite providers. our fully-redundent network is comprised of microwave towers throughout washington and oregon, creating a wide area network that supports access to high-speed internet. 











solutions for your business and home reliable, secure, flexible internet
welcome to airspeed internet
airspeed provides its customers with high-quality, reliable solutions to meet their needs.
we have a large choice of service speeds and options which can be customized to meet the needs of your home or organization.












wireless internet

airspeed deploys a wireless broadband connection that's faster, more reliable, and free from limitations brought on by cable and satellite providers. our fully-redundant network is comprised of microwave towers throughout washington and oregon, creating a wide area network that supports access to high-speed internet.





asifiber.com

asifiber is using its experience as a fixed wireless access provider, airspeedinternet.com, to create more opportunities for businesses, homeowners, communities as well mdus to tap into the fiber.
asifiber utilizes licensed point-to-point radios and millimeter-wave links between fiber pops to bring the speeds necessary for tomorrow’s needs!
find service in your area, using our service availability form.
www.asifiber.com





support

please contact us for customer support or technical service with the contact information below and we'll get back to you shortly.
service@airspeedinternet.comsales@airspeedinternet.comsupport@airspeedinternet.comcall for support 360-835-1000













state coverage
counties we proudly serve







portland metro


skamania


clark county







portland metro



skamania



clark county




















highspeed services
airspeed internet has been proudly serving southwest washington, the portland metro, and beyond since 2003. airspeed has been locally-owned and operated since its conception and prides itself on being an active part of the community and treating its customers like neighbors.



call us now
















contact us

421 c st. suite 6a washougal, wa 98671
360-835-1000
email: service@airspeedinternet.com



connect

yelp





































