 




 












avancent
































































join the conversation





serving clients in orlando, tampa, and atlanta








home
about us
managed it services

disaster recovery
information security
wireless networking
voip telephone systems & more
hosted desktops
cloud computing
secure managed it services
it audits
cio strategy & advisory
networking, servers & utilization


it staffing
contact us
 




              




 




secure managed it services
				let us securely run your it while you do what you do best; grow your business
more info





disaster recovery
				we have automated cloud backup offerings to prepare your business to recover in disaster or malware attack
				 more info





it security
				it is common now to see businesses falter due to it security compromises, are you confident in your it security?
				 more info





it staffing
				avancent provides a reliable, single source for all your it needs. our staffing solutions include contract, contract to hire, direct hire, and it outsourcing.
				more info












what is avancent?
since 2001 avancent has been bringing the same effective it that exists for enterprise size accounts to small & mid-size businesses. technology has become scalable and is no longer the exclusive playground of the fortune 500. all you really need is the right partner to help you achieve a cost effective, productive, and reliable technology platform.
this is what we can do for you at avancent.
why avancent?
small & mid-sized businesses have less spend for it than fortune 500 companies, yet they have the same technology needs as their “too big to fail” counter parts. they need an it partner who can bring tried and tested technology that is aligned to their specific business needs. no wasted effort, no wasted cash flow, no technology downtime.
this is how avancent adds value.
who needs avancent?
tired of duct tape and band-aids holding together your it? ever feel like your technology is part of your problem and not part of the solution? having effective it doesn’t have to be cost exorbitant or overly complex. leaders recognize that the old “break/fix” model usually costs more and that smart it spend creates consistent returns.
hear from those who partner with avancent.
























prefer to connect via email?


name company email

notecaptchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









 industry experience

non-profit
engineering
construction
insurance
medical


accounting
hospitality
governmental
manufacturing
legal

 
 




home
about us
managed it services
it staffing
contact us
 



© 2025 avancent  |   1220 e livingston st, orlando, fl 32803   |
		407-897-8664	   |   info@avancent.com












				upload your resume			





job interested in* resume upload*max. file size: 2 mb.resume uploadcaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  















			×            
























