






pioneer campground | pioneer campground







































(570) 946-9971
info@pioneercampground.com















home
interactive map
gallery

cabins
cottages
pool
office/camp store
activity center
ball field & playground
campground photos
hiking trail
laundry
pavillion


rates

cabins & cottages
rv & tent sites


events
reservations
directions
faq’s
policies
contact
 


select page


  
 
 






















































































come enjoy the outdoors
when looking for a fun place to camp, pioneer campground is your destination to visit and make memories with your family and friends.








cabins
rent one of ours! our cabin lots are set up with water, electric, cable, heat, a/c and wifi.



rv sites
each rv site is ready for a 30 or 50 amp hookup along with water, wifi and electricity.



ammenities
our campground includes many amenities such as a pool, a store, laundry and more!







reserve now!







john and stacey kwieraga, pioneer campground’s owners invite you to discover what makes pioneer campground sullivan county’s quality family campground. come enjoy the refreshing mountain breezes while staying in large wooded campsites, rustic cabins or furnished cottages. there are planned activities scheduled for many weekends throughout the camping season. be sure to check our event calendar! a variety of recreational facilities are also available to make your stay as active or relaxing as you desire. the campground is open from early april through early december.
pioneer campground is situated on 80 acres atop sonestown mountain at an elevation of 2,300 ft in beautiful sullivan county . . . a very special place the modern world has bypassed. here, you can step back in time and relax at a slower pace. there is an unspoiled mountain environment, abundant wildlife, quaint villages, covered bridges, and excellent restaurants to discover. once you experience sullivan county and pioneer campground, it will become habit forming.








our facility matches any style of camping you’re looking to do. we offer everything from cabins, rv sites, and areas for sleeping under stars with your personal tent. our campground has areas that are great for staying for extended periods of time as well. 
we also have a camp store on site for ice, chips, and ice-cream, soft drinks and more. also a pool, shower house, and laundry room.
embrace the great outdoors with us at pioneer campground. we have an excellent facility that’s perfectly suited to any form of camping and contains a wide variety of amenities. come enjoy camping in style and comfort. we’re sure you’ll love your time staying at our campground.
 







contact info:
physical/mailing:307 pioneer trailmuncy valley, pa 17758phone: (570) 946-9971
info@pioneercampground.com



visitors:
all visitors must register in the office upon arrival and provide identification as well as license plate numbers for all vehicles.  visitors must display a visitor pass in their vehicle at all times.  all visitors are subject to campground visitor fee of $5 per visitor for a day pass (check out at 9pm or be billed for overnight) and $10 per visitor for an overnight visit.  failure to register a guest and purchase visitor passes will result in expulsion of guest from campground.  



proud members:










pioneer campground











 
















x

covid-19 policies and procedures for campground
below are the new policies and procedures that will be in place to prevent the spread of covid-19 and to comply with business and building safety orders issued by the governor.

please note, that some of our campground normal daily operations and events will be modified to follow cdc and doh covid-19 prevention measures.  keep in mind that the policies and procedures will be fluid and will change as needed.

more information



 
 













