
















vrooman mansion | bed, breakfast, events | bloomington, il








































 


























availability 

(309) 828-8816
 


 gift certificates

bed & breakfast | special event venue

 


read more 




menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
rooms

view the mansion

carl vrooman suite
julia vrooman suite
letitia’s suite
master’s chamber room
rose suite


view the carriage house

charlevoix suite
fern suite




weddings

overview
guest accommodations
wedding enhancements
ceremonies & receptions
wedding gallery


events

overview
showers
gatherings
celebrations
office parties & events
mansion events
event signup


inn

donate
about us
breakfast
history
tour the inn

common areas
mansion
carriage house


blog
check availability
book now
gift certificates


packages

luxurious extras
packages
special escapes
group experiences


corporate

corporate lodging & weekly rates
office parties & events
retreats & meeting rooms


area

find us
contact us
top 10 things to do
area information

overview
restaurants
art, music and theater
shopping
adventure




 














make history at vrooman mansion





voted best historic site for the 3rd year in a row!
book your overnight stay, wedding, or special event and come make history.


significance happens at vrooman mansion. it always has. agriculture innovated here. philanthropy launched here. presidents were influenced here. american history happened here. now you happen here.
your relationship is recharged here. your wedding celebrates here. your team builds here. your friends reconnect here. your weekend getaways anchor here. vrooman mansion isn’t just a place where things happened…  it’s the place where things happen.
for overnight accommodations, intimate weddings, and important business or personal events that leave a lasting impression, choose this visually matchless bed, breakfast & events venue where vintage greets modern with vibrant majesty. discover how amazing spaces can author significant experiences that become your historic landmark. your next victorious moment happens at vrooman mansion.
book your stay, and come make history.

vrooman mansion was built in 1869, and we care for & build upon the history, structure & spirit of those who came before. while continuing to preserve the romanesque design, we provide you with a vibrant setting to reconnect, rediscover, and create new chapters in your most meaningful relationships and business endeavors. 
located in bloomington-normal, in the heart of central illinois, with convenient access from interstates i-55, i-74, and i-39, historic route 66, and central illinois regional airport, so any of your wedding guests or business colleagues can experience the awe and wonder with you. once you’re here, take a 15-minute walk to downtown bloomington, and add to your stay with locally owned restaurants, art galleries and even a historic music venue.
inspirational awe & wonder rattles through this mansion like a powerful, majestic force of gravity. it’s a nonstop experience of ‘wow.’ the outside is wow. stepping inside is wow. the stained glass windows are wow. seeing your room is wow. learning the history is wow. having our gourmet breakfast is double wow. and in our experience, surrounding yourself with awe & wonder is the spark that ignites your ‘wow’ to happen next.
book your stay, and come make history.













join the breakfast club
follow us on facebook or instagram to see more of our delicious gourmet breakfasts and how we make them! 
details



guest reviews
read handwritten guest reviews about what it was like to stay in each room of the mansion and carriage house. use them to inform your next stay!
details



weddings
relax...we will help you with a stress-free process. whether you are interested in an outside or indoor ceremony and/or reception, we give you the choices possible to personalize every detail. 
details





what our guests are saying

thank you for a wonderful step back in time and delicious, beautifully prepared breakfasts. you are to be commended for your hard work and dedication in keeping this grand piece of history alive. you are doing something very special here. best wishes for continued success.

- bob & pam, coronado, ca
















recent blog posts


2024 best historic site in bloomington-normal illinois: 
thank you to everyone who voted vrooman mansion as the best historic site in bloomington-normal, illinois for the 3rd year in a row!   we…


june 9th concert & stained glass restoration project: 
we are thrilled to invite you to our stained glass restoration project at the vrooman mansion on june 9th, 2024, from 3:00 pm to 6:00…


book history | coffee lovers from milan, il: 
coffee lovers rejoice. we have a keurig closet. and it’s amazing.  as royce & deanna discovered when they stayed down the hall in the carl vrooman suite,…



e-news signup 
subscribe


vrooman mansion
701 east taylor street
bloomington, il 61701
https://vroomanmansion.com
make history.
latitude: 40.4759429
longitude: -88.9853616
phone: (309) 828-8816
toll-free: (877) 346-6488
fax: (309) 828-2596
 information@vroomanmansion.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
professional photography by
											joshuaonenine

accessibility statementview our site map





















