
north american alpaca show





























home
general infohealth requirementsstalling information show schedule
2025 changes
judges
sponsorsplatinumgoldsilverchampionshipclass
thank you! sponsors
hotels
show results
contact us







welcome to the 
				eastern alpaca jamboree 2025!
pa farm show complex
				harrisburg, pa

april 3 - april 6, 2025

 registration for the jamboree will 
					be open on 1/15/25.

exciting 
				changes for 2025!
don't delay in signing up, these shows will close 
				early!  last year this show closed in just 17 days!
north american alpaca show

click here to register for naas



				*stalls, animal entries (halter, b&o, sb, wf and companions), sponsorships, 
				vendors & meals*

empire alpaca 
				association spring show

click here to register for ess



*animal 
				entries in halter (ff, b&o) only*
paoba 
				breeders showcase

click here to register for pbs


*animal 
				entries in halter (ff,sb,b&o), walking fleece, group production & performance 
				and
 fiber arts*
				 




				what is this mega show format you ask?  it is the opportunity to 
				maximize the value in showing, maximize your dollar, maximize 
				your time, maximize your ability to gain aoa show points, 
				maximize the ability to gain valuable evaluations of your 
				alpacas!  we will provide 5 events in 3 days, that is 3 
				halter shows and 2 wf shows, all in one travel away 
				from the farm, one hotel stay, one cvi, one group of meals and 
				one set of miles on your vehicles.  here is the amazing 
				part, you can choose how active you would like to be, taking 
				part in all or in just a select few of the events we have to 
				offer.
how will we accomplish this, you ask?  with 
				just 2 huacaya rings and 1 suri ring (w/ 40+ suri in show) to make it easier on our exhibitors to follow the 
				pace, we will have 1 show at a time each day, males in one ring and 
				females in the other.  when the 1st show ends the 2nd show 
				will begin with a new set of judges.  after completion of 
				the 2nd show, the 3rd will commence with new judges yet again.  
				while the halter rings are going on, the walking fleece shows 
				will be going on as with any other show.  super easy flow 
				to follow!  however, in order to keep it easy for folks we 
				need to limit our entries so the judges may complete their 
				assignments each day.  
				the shows will be 
				limited to 300 huacaya and 140 suri per show. you want show points?  we will do our 
				best to get them for you.  interesting tid-bit, 78% of the 
				2023  and 70% of the 2024 aoa halter show award winners  attended at least one 
				of our mega show formats.  you certainly do not have to  
				participate in every event at the jamboree to  create your 
				perfect weekend, but if you are chasing points the opportunity 
				to compete in this many events gives you an incredible leg up on 
				your peers.












				
				 



north american alpaca show judges

amanda vandenbosch- male huacaya

diana timmerman - female huacaya
jacob hart - suri & walking fleece
helen testa - walking fleece


eaa spring show

helen testa 
				- male huacaya
jacob hart - female huacaya
diana timmerman - suri
paoba 
				breeders showcase
jacob 
				hart - male huacaya & huacaya group production
amanda vandenbosch- female huacaya,  huacaya group production 
				& performance
helen testa - suri & suri 
				group production

diana timmerman - walking fleece
arturo pena - walking fleece & performance 
how to choose 
				what to register for?
mega show formats can be intense; 
				you could do everything, meaning 3 halter shows, 2 walking fleece shows, as well as performance, fiber arts and group production classes 
				or you could register for just one show.  the choice is completely yours! 

				we think we have designed this format to be super exhibitor 
				friendly, just one halter show a day and only 2 rings to keep 
				track of.  however, 
				we want you to walk away from this weekend feeling the event was  
				amazing for you and your breeding program,  if that 
				means scaling back the options to make you more comfortable, its 100% okay!


				check out what our exhibitors are saying!




						bart and rhonda leinberger, alpacas of indian point 
						hills
we 
						love showing in the mega show format because it’s a 
						great opportunity to get multiple judge opinions in one 
						weekend with one hotel, pen and travel costs.  it’s fun 
						and fast paced but organized so that you will be able to 
						make all your classes.
 
cathy 
						aksten triple diamond alpacas
the mega shows are 
						convenient, economical & competitive, (different judges 
						opinions with the same short term variables like 
						weather, humidity, etc). options for each farm to pick & 
						customize what show or shows to participate in). extra 
						day for evening networking and enjoying friends that 
						might not come the distance for just 1 or 2 shows.
 
chris 
						works, kendall creek farm alpacas
we really enjoyed the 2023 
						version of the jamboree. the multi-show format reduced 
						our cost per show and provided the opportunity for 
						feedback from multiple judges in one weekend. kudos to 
						the organizers and volunteers for a well run event!
 




						cheryl wise, lake alice alpacas
the 
						mega show gives us the opportunity to show in front of 3 
						different halter judges and 2 walking fleece judges for 
						examination of the best of our herd. this let's us know 
						if our breeding decisions are spot on or need more 
						consideration.  this is huge for a small farm.
 


						jerry forstner, majestic meadows and alpaca boutique
						
the 
						mega shows have revived the alpaca industry and while 
						hectic at times are a wonderful way to showcase your 
						best stock in front of multiple judges at once.
 


						randy strong, k-ran alpacas

						advantages of the mega alpaca shows is that you can get 
						multiple judges evaluation at one location.  you only 
						have to pay the stall fee for multiple shows saving 
						money. and you have the ability to collect many show 
						points in the aoa show system both for your farm and for 
						individual alpacas.
 




						elaine simpson, hilltop hideaway alpacas
we 
						were really skeptical about attending such a large show 
						but…it was a surprise. the eastern alpaca jamboree was 
						very well organized & ran smoothly. 
 


						marie voorhees, hidden spring lavender && alpaca farm


						always a good time at this show and so much wonderful 
						competition. always run very efficiently and 
						professionally, not to mention 3 great shows in 1 trip.
 



						brenda weber, blue ridge alpaca ranch
the 
						mega-show format in ia was well-organized and 
						incorporated efficiency between the halter rings and 
						walking fleece.  the show remained on schedule, which 
						allowed many to finish before noon on sunday.  i like 
						being able to maximize my time and money in a show that 
						offers several opportunities.
 




						stephanie glyptis, aoa certified judge

						from a judge's perspective, the mega shows offer a 
						chance for exhibitors to get multiple evaluations from 
						multiple judges in one location, and that also gives the 
						judges a chance to discuss after the show how our 
						training and calibration stand up.  we as judges often 
						have a close pair in a class that could go either way, 
						and we make our case in our reasons. mega shows truly 
						illustrate to the exhibitor how close some placings are 
						in the class and how hard the placings can be for the 
						judges.  it further shows how judges balance fleece and 
						conformation.  
 
 


 


				how to register for the 2025 eastern alpaca jamboree

				the north american alpaca show 
				is the host show so you have to click on the link above for that 
				show and at the very least register for stalls and animal 
				entries on that site.  the naas site is where you would sign 
				up for many of the items for the weekend including:  
				stalls, sponsorships, vendor spaces, meals and naas animal 
				entries, etc. 
				

				the eaa spring show 
				registration site will only accept animal entries into halter 
				and wf classes for the eaa spring show.  
				for just $52 more you can sign up for both shows but 
				in case you only want to come to the eaa spring show, don't forget to go to 
				the naas registration site for your stalling & sponsorships.
the 
				paoba breeders showcase registration site will only 
				accept animal entries into halter classes for the paoba breeders 
				showcase, group production, as well as all youth and open performance classes and 
				auxiliary fleece classes.  for just $62 more you can sign up for this 
				3rd show but in case you only want to come 
				to the paoba breeders showcase, don't forget to go to the naas 
				registration site for your stalling and sponsorships.
how to pay for your registrations
 this year 
				we will be accepting 
				credit cards as a form of payment.  if you would like to pay via 
				cc, follow this process;  complete the registration just as you 
				always would, when you are finished click the submit button thus 
				generating a confirmation email that will be sent to both you 
				and the show superintendent.  upon receiving that email, an invoice including both 
				show's totals will be sent with a link to a secure payment 
				site.  take note of your total when clicking on that link.  this 
				will bring you to a page where you fill out your payment 
				information and click submit.   all done, notification from the 
				credit card company that you have paid will be sent to us and 
				will be then noted on your account.   please make sure the 
				amount you are submitting is correct and as always please do so 
				in a timely manner.   registrations are not final 
				until payment is received.


please remember that the weather in early spring can be 
				unpredictable in central pa, so come prepared! should you 
				have any questions relating to the show, please don't hesitate 
				to get in touch with one of the organizing groups, any of us.
we look forward to seeing you in 
				harrisburg at the 2025 eastern alpaca jamboree!



scott young
hilltop alpacas7825 county hwy 67hancock, ny  13783(607) 637-5201
hilltop@hancock.net













copyright ©north american alpaca 2022 - . all rights reserved.



