











 





southern new hampshire university - online & on campus degrees | snhu








































skip to main content














                            request info
                        



                            apply now
                        



                            visit snhu
                        










×




											apply now
											







online students








for all online 
programs





continue












international students








on campus, need or have visa





continue












campus students








for all campus 
programs





continue



























menu
|
|
|






search










academic programs
academic programs


back


academic programs



by location

on campus


online



by degree level

associate degrees


bachelor's degrees


master's degrees


certificate programs


doctoral



by subject



accounting & finance


art & design


business & mba


criminal justice


education


engineering


healthcare


liberal arts




math & science


nursing


psychology


social sciences


technology


individual courses


view all degrees








admission
admission


back


admission




online admission


campus admission


campus graduate admission


military student experience


technical requirements


transferring credits


academic calendars


request information


apply now






tuition & financial aid
tuition & financial aid


back


tuition & financial aid




online tuition & financial aid


campus tuition & financial aid


how to pay for college






campus
campus


back


campus




campus academics


housing


parents & families


campus tours & events


international experience






about snhu
about snhu


back


about snhu




accreditations


alumni & giving


newsroom


commencement


leadership & history


social impact


faculty at snhu


partnerships


maps & locations


commonly asked questions


 employment















		snhu virtual assistant
		



 



	virtual assistant














you're ready for your degree



find program
 


















low online tuition 
plus, our financial services team can help you learn ways to save even more.





learn more about tuition















transfer up to 90 credits 
so you can finish your bachelor's degree faster and for less money.





learn how to transfer
















200 career-focused programs
with no set class times so you can learn online, on your schedule.





explore degrees








 



popular areas of study












business & mba 
build a strong foundation and take your education further with dozens of concentrations to choose from.





business degrees


















healthcare 
prepare for important roles in the fast-growing, in-demand fields of public health and health administration.





healthcare degrees


















technology 
learn how to create, manage and secure technology with resources used in today’s workforce.





technology degrees


















social sciences 
deepen your understanding of human behavior, social groups and society in subjects like history, sociology and psychology.





social science degrees








 








ways to learn

























online 
curious about what it’s like to be an online student? learn more about snhu’s supportive online community of faculty, advisors and academic resources.





learn online















campus 
it's a dream campus, right in your back yard. with brand new residence halls, state-of-the-art facilities, d2 sports and more, you can do it all at snhu.





learn on campus








 



accreditations and accolades


















































 



what students are saying










"i knew i would complete my degree and i knew i would do it at a lower cost than other universities."
latisha aguilar ‘21
ba psychology















"the degree that i have [from] southern new hampshire university...really gave me a head start with the career path that i've chosen."
wyatt martensen, '21
bs geoscience















"i knew snhu was a trustworthy institution from day one. they were with me the whole time and wanted me to be successful."
naeem jaraysi, '20
ms marketing







 







questions students ask




what is the best online university?




at snhu, we think the “best” online university is likely different for different students. when you’re thinking about what the best online university may be for you, you’ll want to consider the best combination of high-quality education, low cost, a generous transfer policy (if you have college credits already), a best-in-class online experience, and the best student support. and, of course, the availability of the degree you want.
because snhu is a nonprofit, accredited university with over 200 affordable, career-focused programs, thousands of students think snhu is the best online university for them. our only mission is student success—so we’re always working to provide the absolute best education, online experience, and value for our students. 





is an online degree recognized?




yes. the online format is widely accepted as a legitimate pathway to the same learning and outcomes you’d get in the classroom. at snhu, we’ve been teaching online courses for over 25 years—offering a different, often more flexible pathway to the same degrees offered in our traditional campus setting. and because southern new hampshire university is accredited by the new england commission of higher education (neche), you can be confident that our programs meet strict standards of academic quality. 





can you get a job with an online degree?




whether in-person or online, snhu classes are designed to help prepare you for real-world success.
as the popularity of online education rises, employers are increasingly familiar with leading online universities. so a degree you’ve earned online—especially from a respected, accredited university—can help you stand out when you’re applying for a new job, or looking for a promotion within your current career path. 





how much does an online degree cost?




estimating the true cost of an online degree depends on two main factors:

the university’s tuition rate (cost per credit).
how much we can help lower your actual cost through transferring previously earned credits, grants and scholarships, discounts, employer tuition reimbursement and other cost-saving strategies. often, your cost will be a lot lower than you’d think!

because snhu is a nonprofit university, we’re able to offer some of the lowest online tuition rates in the nation: $330/credit for undergraduate and $637/credit for graduate degrees. so when you choose snhu, you’re already starting off with some of the most affordable tuition rates available. then, we’ll work with you to create a plan that can save you even more money on the path to your degree.
try our net price calculator to get an initial idea of your cost based on your own information, and other financial aid tools to help you on your way.		





how long does it take to earn a degree online?




the time it takes to complete a bachelor’s degree depends on a few factors:

how many credits you need to earn (most bachelor’s degrees are 120 credits).
how many classes you take per year.

you can drastically reduce the time it takes to earn your degree by transferring previously earned college credits. snhu accepts up to 90 credits toward a bachelor’s —that’s 75% of your degree—which means big savings in time and money. you can also transfer up to 45 credits toward an associate degree, and 12 towards a master’s degree.
learn more about ways you can earn your bachelor's degree faster. 





how long are my previous college credits good for?




in general, college credits don’t expire. but if you’re looking to transfer previously earned credits to a new institution (like snhu), there are a few factors that come into play—like, for example, how long ago you earned those credits. this can influence whether or not you’re able to transfer them into a particular program. at snhu, we’ll accept up to 90 previously earned college credits toward a bachelor’s degree, and up to 12 towards a master’s. we’ll help you maximize the number of credits you can transfer to snhu, so you can save money and finish faster. 





how long is a college semester/term?




at snhu, online undergraduate programs are 8 weeks long (6 term starts per year) and online graduate programs are 10 weeks long (5 term starts per year). so if you’re wondering when you can start, the answer is always “soon!"
find the snhu term start date that works best for you.
snhu campus terms follow the traditional 16-week spring semester/fall semester format. 





what does nonprofit mean?




at snhu, it means our only mission is your success. unlike for-profit universities, we don’t answer to shareholders or larger corporations. so we have the freedom to reinvest our revenue in programs and services that benefit our students, and in initiatives that contribute to our mission of student success. it’s why we’re able to offer some of the lowest online tuition rates in the nation, a best-in-class online experience, and some of the best support in higher education—from day 1 to graduation and beyond.
learn more about what being a nonprofit university means to college students. 













                    all the latest snhu news
                













class project inspires snhu grad to open a romance bookstore


                                                heather wejroch ’23 turned a final project into pages and grapes, a romance-only bookstore in west michigan that pairs books with wine and chocolates. she transformed her business plan into reality — overcoming challenges and embracing the entrepreneurial spirit.
                                            


















types of genres: a literary guide


                                                the categories of fiction, nonfiction, poetry and drama only scratch the surface of literary genres. books can be organized according to marketability, form, style and broken up into a variety of different subgenres. but many of these categories are more fluid than you might think.
                                            


















what is an msn degree?


                                                msn stands for master of science in nursing. this is a graduate degree that provides nurses the opportunity to further specialize in their chosen area of healthcare. the degree can also lead to a new specialization for nurses who are interested in taking their careers in a different direction.
                                            


















snhu alumnus joins board of trustees


                                                jim chilton '98mba, a technology executive and snhu alumnus, was appointed to the university's board of trustees. currently cto at cengage group, he brings expertise in education technology, innovation, and leadership. chilton is committed to supporting snhu's growth and impact in higher education.
                                            










more articles












your future starts now. 
at snhu, it’s easy to get started. talk to an admission counselor today about your goals, and we’ll help you every step of the way.





get started








 



















                            my.snhu login
                        



                            academic catalogs
                        



                            university store
                        



                            admission portal login
                        





                            athletics
                        



                            international
                        



                            employment
                        









					copyright © 2025
				
southern new hampshire university


2500 north river road
manchester, nh 03106







                            contact us
                        



                            consumer information
                        



                            site map
                        



                            privacy policy
                        



                            accessibility at snhu
                        



                            sms terms & conditions
                        










































