




home | ific




































login



login
×
email



password





forgotten your password? reset it now














home


news


about


mission & vision


activities & resources


awards


board members


nomination & voting


ific articles of association




membership


goals


categories of membership


ific member societies




education


committee


resources


basic concepts book


ific and apic webinars


ific and his webinars




basic infection control training




calendar of events


publications













the international federation of infection control
where great minds meet








ific on social media
ific is now present on the following social media (search for theific and you'll be able to find us)


facebook, instagram, threads, linkedin and now bluesky
please note that ific is no longer on x/twitter
more...








journal
international journal of infection control


volume 20
2024
more...








join ific today
just click on the link below for more information
did you know you can join ific and support our work today? you can join us as an individual, an infection prevention and control society or an organisation that is involved in infection prevention and control activities, such as education. 
if you click the link below, you'll find all the information on categories or membership.
join us today and help us realise our vision: to improve infection prevention and control throughout the world regardless of location and circumstances.
more...


donate to support our work

ific is a registered charity and we are very grateful for any donations to support our mission and vision. if you would like to support us by making a donation, please send an email by clicking on the link below.
more...








news
the latest from ific



mpox
mpox statement from ific
read more ...


new guidance aims to reduce bloodstream infections from catheter use
the world health organization (who) publishes the first global guidelines to prevent the occurrence of bloodstream and other infections caused by use of catheters placed in minor blood vessels during medical procedures.
read more ...


dr nizam damani awarded mbe in uk king's birthday honours
dr damani is a previous board member of ific and served as treasurer as well contributing widely to the work of ific for many years. he has been awarded mbe (member of the order of the british empire) in king charles iii birthday honours for “services to infection prevention and control in northern ireland and to the world health organisation”. congratulations to dr damani from everyone at ific.
read more ...











about
ific was formally founded in 1987, when discussion between ic practitioners around the globe had highlighted the need to have an international gathering of specialists, to exchange knowledge, information, and to offer mutual support.
more...


mission
to enable best practices that prevent and control infections globally by leading international networking, advocacy, education, research and collaboration with infection control professionals, organizations and communities.
more...


vision
to improve infection prevention and control throughout the world regardless of location and circumstances.
more...








information
ific administration
          st james house
          vicar lane
          sheffield
          s1 2exregistered charity - registration number 1072681
admin@theific.org
www.theific.org


contact

name

email

enquiring about:
generalmembershipconferencejournalpublications
message















 facebook 
 twitter 


     © ific 
terms & conditions












