












hotel in chianti - radda in chianti | relais vignale & spa


































































 











book now



english


italiano


deutsch


menuhomethe relaisloungesrooms & suitesspapoolrestaurantcookery schoolour experiencesother experiencesarchives & documentsthree chiantismeetingnewsweddingscontact us



your home in chianti,
in the heart of tuscany


please come in





vignale restaurantspapoolcookery schoolour experiencesother experiences


relais vignale & spa: your hotel in chianti
the relais vignale & spa hotel welcomes you to radda in chianti: a 18th century manor house, recently renovated respecting the original and traditional architecture, in a warm and elegant setting.
the relais is an authentic gem in the heart of chiantishire, one of the most beautiful and renowned cultural areas in italy and the world. chiantishire is the ideal starting point for visiting the most beautiful cities ​​of art in tuscany, exploring  medieval villages and castles and tasting the famous wines in the area where chianti classico is produced.
the relais vignale & spa is located a short distance from the historical centre of radda in chianti. vignale is a hotel in chianti situated in a panoramic position which cuddles its guests with privileged view of the countryside and vineyards.
the hotel has a large private car park where you will find recharge points for electric cars and tesla chargers. a wi-fi connection is available throughout the hotel.
relais vignale & spa hotel offers extremely private and welcoming rooms and suites, equipped with all amenities and renovated in harmony with the original design.





there is a perfect balance between the prevailing silence and peacefulness of the relais and the spa, a haven in which you can pamper yourself in a rejuvenating environment.
outside, the big swimming pool is surrounded by a large flower-filled garden on a panoramic terrace overlooking the chianti hills.
the restaurant is an authentic example of culinary excellence. it is also located in a panoramic position and is perfect for savouring the delightful tuscan cuisine.
complete your stay with vignale’s “experiences”: trekking, wine tasting, bike tours and other original activities designed so that you can get to know the essence of chianti in person.
plan your accommodation in radda in chianti at the relais vignale & spa now! booking through our website lets you benefit the best available price on the web. if you need additional information, our staff is at your complete disposal for advice tailored to meet your needs.














a dream weekend 
							read more 
							 













relais & spa vignale




via pianigiani 9
53017 radda in chianti (si)
p.iva 01399840527
contact
tel: +39 0577 738300
mail: vignale@vignale.it


book a tablerequest a booking table

 










 your name: (richiesto)
 
 your email: (richiesto)
 
 telephone number: (richiesto)
 
 number of participants:
 
 your message:
 

δ



quick menu





the relais






rooms & suites






lounges






restaurant






our experiences






other experiences






news






offers






contact us






connect, follow and have a conversation with us


facebookinstagramtripadvisor








© relais&spa vignale. all right reserved.
privacy policy | cookie policy


facebookinstagramtripadvisorwhatsapp


via pianigiani 9, 53017 radda in chianti (si)
phone: +39 0577 738300 – fax: +39 0577 738592
p.iva 01399840527
email: vignale@vignale.it | credits





menu


     menu principale - inglese 


home







the relais







lounges







rooms & suites







spa







pool







restaurant







cookery school







our experiences







other experiences







archives & documents







three chiantis







meeting







news







weddings







contact us













































