












umd department of english























      skip to main content
    


skip to main content









apply


give


trigger search



search this site

go



        menu
        
trigger menu









close

search this site

go



primary header navigation


arhu home


home


about


mission and values


diversity & inclusion




people


academic programs


courses


undergraduate


bachelor of arts in english language and literature


cinema and media studies (b.a.)


english-education double major


english minors


advising


honors program


commencement




graduate


creative writing (m.f.a.)


english (m.a.)


english (m.a.) teaching pathway


english (ph.d.)


comparative literature (ph.d.)


graduate certificates


funding


graduate job placements




beyond the classroom


internships


study abroad


careers






writing programs


academic writing


professional writing


writing center




research & innovation


center for literary and comparative studies


awards in the public humanities: research & engagement (2022-2023)


conferences


colloquia




booklab


publications


interpolations


interpolations fall 2024


interpolations fall 2023


interpolations fall 2022


interpolations fall 2021


interpolations fall 2020


interpolations fall 2019


interpolations fall 2018


interpolations fall 2017


interpolations fall 2016


interpolations spring 2015


interpolations fall 2013/spring 2014


interpolations spring 2012


interpolations spring 2011


interpolations spring 2010


interpolations spring 2009


interpolations fall 2009




paper shell review


paper shell review spring 2024


paper shell review spring 2023


paper shell review spring 2022


paper shell review spring 2021


paper shell review spring 2020


paper shell review spring 2019


paper shell review spring 2018


paper shell review spring 2017


paper shell review spring 2016


paper shell review spring 2015


paper shell review spring 2014


paper shell review spring 2013


paper shell review spring 2012


paper shell review spring 2011




restoration journal






english in the world






secondary header navigation


events


news


contact


alumni


prospective students


current students


for faculty & staff


donors








university of maryland english home








‘quantum steampunk’ creative writing course explores the science of science fiction
physics, english faculty combine futuristic themes with victorian-era aesthetics.
read more about ‘quantum steampunk’ creative writing course explores the science of science fiction







step into narraspace: umd’s hub for immersive storytelling and inclusive scholarship
with vr headsets and tactile tools, umd's new lab is redefining what scholarship can look—and feel—like.
read more about step into narraspace: umd’s hub for immersive storytelling and inclusive scholarship







anti-ableist resources coming to english classrooms
the disability resource and technology hub provides support to faculty and students.
read more about anti-ableist resources coming to english classrooms







umd literature club highlights asian american and pacific islander stories
the club aims to rewrite people’s understanding of the asian american experience and combat stereotypes through diverse literature.
read more about umd literature club highlights asian american and pacific islander stories







exploring stanley plumly’s world: new digital archive offers insight into beloved poet’s life and work
curated by english professor joshua weiner, the archive commemorates the late professor and founder of the m.f.a. in creative writing program at umd.
read more about exploring stanley plumly’s world: new digital archive offers insight into beloved poet’s life and work















english: where information becomes knowledge
the department of english teaches students how to think critically, communicate clearly, and create fearlessly. equipped with a versatile and interdisciplinary liberal arts education, our students emerge from our classrooms well-prepared to navigate the complex landscape of the current moment.










about us




undergraduate


graduate


people


apply


give


for faculty & staff





undergraduate







undergraduate programs
our undergraduate programs train students in key approaches to analyzing literature and media, the structures and effects of the english language, and theories and practices of writing from the creative to the professional. find details about our b.a. program, honors program and minors.
undergraduate programs





        quicklinks for undergraduate students
      

the writing centeradvisingcourses beyond the classroom






graduate







graduate programs
our graduate programs offer an extraordinary depth and range of expertise with highly individualized professional and pedagogical mentorship. find details about our m.f.a., m.a. and p.h.d. programs.
graduate programs





        quicklinks for graduate students
      

creative writing (m.f.a.) english (m.a.)english (ph.d.)comparative literature (ph.d.)graduate certificates






people







people
meet our faculty, staff and graduate students. our tenure-track faculty are first in their fields, with a wide-ranging and award-winning body of work in digital media, scholarly essays, and books, novels, short stories and poetry. our professional-track faculty teach a diverse range of courses and make significant contributions to our education goals and research expertise.
directory





        quicklinks
      

tenure track facultyprofessional track facultyaffiliate facultyemeritus facultystaffgraduate students






apply







why umd english?
located just 10 miles from the nation's capital, we have easy access to the city’s rich cultural and scholarly resources, including the library of congress, the smithsonian, the folger shakespeare library and the national archives. by enrolling in our programs, students join an exciting, diverse, engaged and thriving intellectual community.
join umd english





        quicklinks for prospective students
      

 undergraduate programsgraduate programsapply






give







give
the umd department of english takes heart in our common pursuit of literature and language as vital to crossing the boundaries of difference. it makes us discerning about language and its effects, it drives us to question ourselves and to empathize with diverse identities, and it helps us compose a better world. your gift will make a difference in the educational experience of our students. thank you for your generosity.
support umd english













for faculty & staff







for faculty & staff
please visit the english department intranet for policies and procedures, business and hr, meetings and committee information, offices and resources, and faqs.
english department intranet





        quicklinks
      

getting startedmeetings & committeespolicies & proceduresoffices & resources




















english in the world



































news and announcements

                     
                      view all news 
                                      










february 14, 2025

college of arts and humanities, english
‘quantum steampunk’ creative writing course explores the science of science fiction







february 3, 2025

college of arts and humanities, english
step into narraspace: umd’s hub for immersive storytelling and inclusive scholarship







december 11, 2024

art, college of arts and humanities, english, school of music, school of theatre, dance, and performance studies
fall 2024 artsamp student grants announced











december 9, 2024

english
molding tomorrow’s civic leaders—from firsthand experience







december 2, 2024

college of arts and humanities, english
anti-ableist resources coming to english classrooms







november 21, 2024

english
“even the smallest flood ends”: remembering elizabeth arnold











november 8, 2024

center for literary and comparative studies, college of arts and humanities, english
umd literature club highlights asian american and pacific islander stories







october 21, 2024

college of arts and humanities, english
exploring stanley plumly’s world: new digital archive offers insight into beloved poet’s life and work







october 14, 2024

english, history, russian, school of languages, literatures, and cultures
2024-2025 maya brin resident maxim osipov








/newsroom










events

                                              view all events
                                          






feb 19 2025 | 12
 - 1pm

graduate english organization's abstract workshop




feb 25 2025 | 3:30
 - 5pm

john ernest on "the art of the impossible: african american and american literary studies in threatening times"




feb 26 2025 | 6
 - 8pm

writers here and now: karen solie & latoya watkins





/events













umdenglish
view more on instagram





an interdisciplinary creative writing workshop co-taught by english lecturer @edward.daschle and adjunct assistant professor of physics nicole yunger halpern is immersing students across the humanities and sciences in the world of quantum energy and steampunk science fiction.

read more about the course in maryland today at the link in our bio!

📷: maryland today



made possible by a 2024 teaching innovation grant from @tltc_umd, narraspace at @mith_umd is a new immersive storytelling lab redefining scholarship with vr, spatial audio, gaming and more.

read more about the lab at the link in our bio.

📷: @lisahelfert



welcome back, terps! happy first day of spring semester! 🐢📚📝






















													department of english
													2119 tawes hall
												college park, md 20742
301.405.3809
english@umd.edu







primary footer navigation


arhu home


home


about


people


academic programs


writing programs


research & innovation


english in the world








secondary footer navigation


apply


give


people


events


news


diversity












follow us





facebook




twitter




instagram




linkedin


 
© 2025 university of maryland

log in
privacy policy
web accessibility
















