












the bone yard bbq – the bone yard bbq – famous for bar b que ribs.
















































 














enter e-mail to subscribe for coupons
email *















 



 7010 n. telegraph dearborn heights, mi 48127
 +1 (313) 561-0102










 





homewelcome
menugreat menus

lunch
dinner


cateringservices
couponscoupons & offers
contactcontact & hours
 









 famous for bar-b-que ribs 
 wellcome to the boneyard bar-b-que 
the best michigan bbq ribs three years in a row by the detroit free press and the detroit news




 
 real flavor 
the boneyard ribs are cooked using our original open flame rotisserie…giving us an award winning taste that has made the boneyard a metro-detroit area tradition for barbecue since 1972




 
 thank you 
since 1972, you have honored us with your families, friends and relatives. our commitment to you is providing the finest food and most
reliable personal service. we view this commitment as our greatest accomplishment. we would like to welcome you to the bone yard and hope you enjoy yourselves as much as we enjoy having you.






 





about us
famous for bar-b-que ribs

















the boneyard bar-b-que
serving award winning bar-b-que since 1972 . the bone yard restaurant has been voted the best michigan bbq ribs three years in a row by the detroit free press and the detroit news. the boneyard bbq has been a metro detroit favorite for over 30 years. we have taken bbq to the next level to give you the ultimate dining experience.
the boneyard ribs are cooked using our original open flame rotisserie giving us an award winning taste that has made the bone yard a metro detroit area tradition for barbeque ribs since 1972.the boneyard bbq serves only the finest freshest choice usda grade pork and beef entrees served steaming hot, covered in our famous barbeque sauce and grilled to perfection.
whether you are a couple, a family or large group our spacious dining rooms have plenty of room for groups of all sizes.
please call us in advance for reservations if you have a party of more than eight.







gallery
be a part of our world



































enter e-mail to subscribe for coupons
email *















 

 



 









© 2017, the boneyard bbq













































