



































































omaha news | omaha world herald | read omaha, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















34°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & region



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



columnists




sports


huskers



bluejays today



mavs today



prep zone



local sports



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



omaha dines



contests



comics



puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



sponsored content



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



omaha world-herald archives




our properties


airpulse



sarpy county times




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



auto sales



marketplace



shop local



fareway’s weekly ad



today's deal



owh store



public notices



submit a public notice for omaha world-herald



sni public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage omaha subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter signup



subscribe



goodfellows



newspaper in education



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar



employees
 
        |
    
guest wi-fi






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

huskers

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

autos









34°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            desert chill: no. 24 nebraska baseball sunk by walks, clutch uc irvine hitting

a barrage of walks and two-out runs from uc irvine undercut nebraska baseball and its new-look lineup friday in an opening-day loss at the mlb desert invitational.

















        
        
            snow, ice and wind expected in omaha area and eastern nebraska saturday

snow, ice and wind are on tap for the omaha metro and much of eastern nebraska and western iowa on saturday.

















        
        
            former chi health doctor charged with child sex crimes

a former family medicine doctor at a chi health clinic has been charged with possession and distribution of child pornography. 

















        
        
            seward man charged in shooting death of a woman who told police she needed protection

a seward man has been charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of a woman who told police weeks earlier that she had been abused and threatened by him.

















        
        
            nebraska high school girls basketball stat leaders, february 14

check out the latest nebraska high school girls basketball stat leaders.

















        
        
            where the latest ncaa bracket projections have creighton, nebraska and omaha basketball

the latest ncaa tournament bracketology projects that five of the state's six division i teams could be putting on their dancing shoes, including one team for the first time.

















        
        
            holt county deputy, known as a remarkable investigator, dies in icy highway crash

a holt county sheriff’s deputy died after sliding off an icy highway in northeast nebraska.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            police say they foiled potential valentine's day shooting at indiana school


















        
        
            how tyson terry, kyler lauridsen's paths have crossed on quest for nebraska wrestling history


















        
        
            holt county deputy, known as a remarkable investigator, dies in icy highway crash















                
                the latest



















        
        
            photos: take a look inside the prairie flower casino expansion

take a look inside the prairie flower casino expansion 




















        
        
            carbon pipeline developer says it has 100% of route through nebraska finalized

tallgrass energy, a carbon pipeline developer, says it has 100% of its route through nebraska finalized.




















        
        
            nebraska ag, conservation groups slam gov. jim pillen's plan to merge 2 state departments

nebraska gov. jim pillen's plan to merge two state agencies to form the department of water, energy, and environment ran into opposition from key agricultural and conservation groups thursday.




















        
        
            driver killed in interstate 80 crash in central nebraska

a driver was killed early wednesday in a crash on interstate 80 in dawson county in central nebraska after colliding with a stationary semitrailer.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            half-court press part 2: jamiya neal's transcendence, tom shatel's story time




















        
        
            half-court press part 1: creighton and...russia? nebraska's streak cooled by maryland




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            half-court press: creighton's russian connection, msg dreams, maryland cools off nebraska

in the latest episode of half-court press, wilson moore and jon walker are joined by tom shatel to discuss the latest in nebraska and creighton basketball.




















        
        
            'why not stay': creighton's jayme horan with no regrets heading into senior day

jayme horan will be one of seven seniors honored saturday when the jays face georgetown alongside morgan maly, molly mogensen and mallory brake who she's spent the last several years with.




















        
        
            creighton softball splits opening games at kennesaw state tournament

pitching was the name of the game on the first day of the kennesaw state tournament, where creighton dropped its opener to northern kentucky before rallying to beat morehead state.





















        
        
            photos: bellevue east girls basketball hosts bellevue west

see photos of the bellevue east girls basketball team as they host bellevue west 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            half-court press: creighton's russian connection, msg dreams, maryland cools off nebraska

in the latest episode of half-court press, wilson moore and jon walker are joined by tom shatel to discuss the latest in nebraska and creighton basketball.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            pick six podcast: preseason expectations for nebraska baseball

in the latest episode of the pick six podcast, sam mckewon and evan bland talk the state of football and their preseason expectations for nebraska baseball.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            nebraska native featured on new season of 'love is blind' on netflix

brad morgan, who grew up in lincoln, had never heard of the hit netflix show "love is blind" until recently, but viewers can meet him on the new season, which launched on valentine's day.




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            11 mindful ideas to support employee wellness in q2

contributor content. this article will explore 11 mindful and impactful ways companies can support their employees’ wellness in q2.












sponsored








        
        
            is it a heart attack? quick action and expert care can make all the difference

content by methodist health system. each february, american heart month campaigns and events help highlight the importance of promoting heart health and preventing and treating the united states’ leading cause of death — heart disease.












partner








        
        
            erase.com: helping you remove court records and restore your online reputation

provided content. if a court record is affecting your career, business, or personal life, don’t wait — contact erase.com today and take the first step toward reclaiming your online identity.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            river city consignments - sni



                                        2229 madison street, bellevue, ne 68005
                                    






















        
        
            heritage homes of omaha



                                        15701 s. hwy 50, springfield, ne 68059
                                    






















        
        
            mediaspark



                                        14707 california st, suite 3, omaha, ne 68154
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


air pulse

sarpy county times

public notices

inspire omaha

big red brunch

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

advertise with us

join our team

newsletters

become a carrier

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        omaha world-herald, 2301 n 117th ave., suite 201 omaha, ne 68164
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

all

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






huskers breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























