



















































	juf – together for good






















donate









toggle navigation









search







about us 

who we are
how we help
executive leadership
policies
financials



ways to give 

donate online
tribute cards
matching gifts
planned giving
gifts of stock
donor advised funds



get involved 

find your fit
volunteer
young families
young leadership division
teens & youth
college/hillel
congregations
women's philanthropy
jewish women's foundation
professionals network
russian-speaking jewish division
suburban communities
back from birthright israel
people with disabilities
path to parenthood



jewish chicago 

magazine
event calendar
videos



advocacy 

government affairs
jcrc



juf in israel 

our work in israel
israel programs and scholarships
missions
partnership together
streams funding





















                                    new community toolkit!
                                


                                check out juf’s new toolkit to help address antisemitism and talk about israel
                                
























now at juf












                        a bittersweet homecoming
                    

                        juf welcomes news of a deal to release dozens of hostages. 
                    










                        see this year's 36 under 36
                    

                        they're talented, giving and changing our community for good. meet this year's 36 under 36. 
                    










                        juf's israel emergency fund
                    

                        we're mobilizing critical support to the israeli people. learn more about how your dollars are supporting israel during this devastating time.
                    










                        ukraine in crisis
                    

                        learn more about what juf's partners on the ground are doing--and how you can help. 
                    










                        tov volunteer inquiry form
                    

                        want to volunteer but not sure where to start? fill out tov's volunteer inquiry form to be connected to opportunities right for you.
                    














                        jewish population study
                    


                    every 10 years, juf sponsors a study to understand the unique needs of the jewish community.
                







                        charity navigator 4-star rating
                    


                    juf's financial health and commitment to transparency earned a 4-star rating from charity navigator.
                












                    the guide to jewish living
                


                find chicago-area jewish organizations, resources, products, and services.
            







                    2024 annual report
                


                this past year, our community needed juf more than ever.
            
















juf amplifies our collective strength to make the world a better place — for everyone.
community powered, we consider the totality of local and global jewish needs and how to address them. from generation to generation, we help people connect to jewish life and values, fueling a dynamic, enduring community that comes together for good.

ben gurion way, 30 s. wells street, chicago, il 60606  |  312‑346‑6700  |  contact us  |  careers  |  privacy policy      donate now  























