



awesomegems.com - blue ceylon sapphire alexandrite burma ruby colombian emerald loose natural untreated gemstones fine jewelry

































this website is for sale, 
 contact us if interested.



we carry only top gem quality gemstones


blue ceylon sapphires, alexandrite, burma ruby, colombian emeralds, and fine jewelry

 



full satisfaction money-back guarantee*














 





follow us














home


frequently asked questions


about us










 








alexandrite














chrysoberyl cat's eye














padparadscha sapphire














paraiba














bridal rings













men's jewelry














earrings


















diamonds














blue & pink sapphire













star sapphire













red spinel













gemstone rings













pendants













custom work












 












gemstones






collector gems






alexandrite


amethyst


aquamarine


citrine


diamonds


emerald


garnet


iolite


kunzite


labradorite


morganite


peridot


ruby


ruby star


sapphire


star sapphire


spinel


tanzanite


topaz


tourmaline


zircon





accent gemstones













fine jewelry showcase



jewelry 







featured jewelry




bridal rings




platinum bridal rings




anniversary rings




gemstone rings




earrings




bracelets




necklaces & pendants




chains & omegas




mens jewelry










tools



gem & jewelry cleaners



gem & jewelry cloths



gem & jewelry loupes











    gem info




gem facts




diamond facts




price guides




frequently asked questions






search











































 





follow us












home

about us














all prices are in us dollars 
 convert currency











1-805-735-7103

hours : mon-fri 10am-5pm pacific time

24 hours voice mail
contact

 us 





we want you to be totally thrilled with your order
purchases are covered by our


full satisfaction money-back guarantee*









 







 





 






 













© 1995-2025 - copyright notice - 
all photographic images and and written materials contained in this site are protected under u.s. copyright law.  in addition, the word or term 'awesomegems', the awesomegems site, as well as awesomegems content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the united states and foreign countries. all right, title, and interest, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, in and to awesomegems and the site's content, are and will remain the exclusive property of awesomegems and rodrigue co. (previously rodrigue & sons co.) and it's licensors. we do allow you to copy images from this site only if the intended use is for personal use and enjoyment, and not for profit of any sort. it becomes a criminal act whenever a person copies, reproduces, modifies, or prepares derivative works based upon, distribution, licensing, sale, transfer, public display, publicly performed, transmitted, or otherwise use of any of the images or other content on this website, including the term 'awesomegems', the awesomegems site, or anything related, when the intended use is for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain. the exception is only when you have our express permission.  violators can be prosecuted.
by definition, the federal copyright statute governs the reproduction of works of authorship. in general, works governed by copyright law include such traditional works of authorship as books, photographs, music, drama, video and sculpture, and also software, multimedia, and databases.  copyrighted works are protected regardless of the medium in which they are created or reproduced; thus, copyright extends to digital works and works transformed into a digital format. copyrighted works are not limited to those that bear a copyright notice.  any person who infringes on copyright material either (1) for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain, or (2) by the reproduction or distribution, including by electronic means, of 1 or more copies of 1 or more copyrighted works, can be prosecuted as provided under section 2319 of title 18, united states code.

















home




about us





customer projects


© 
copyright 1995-2025 - awesomegems.com

all rights reserved



awesomegems.com







hosted by: 
netmarketing.net


please report problems to the webmaster





other resources


sites of interest











