








lcsar - home

























 


that others  may live


 


larimer county search and rescue


fort collins, colorado







 



































the colorado front range is a beautiful place that can be distracting - causing you to forget about the dangers. 
larimer county search and rescue (lcsar) is an independent, non-profit corporation and is also the search and rescue (sar) resource for larimer county, colorado. 
our mission is to find the lost, rescue the stranded and injured, recover the deceased, and educate the public on wilderness and mountain safety. 
we average 80 active professional sar members and 70 call outs a year. 75% of the calls are searches and the rest are rescues and recoveries.
we operate (via a signed agreement) under the authority of the larimer county sheriff, the legally responsible agency for search and rescue in larimer county. we provide sar resources locally, out of county, and out of state when requested through the larimer county sheriff's office.
our dedication extends to public education where the focus is preventing the types of incidents we are called on, especially those involving children.
our services are provided free of charge, but we rely heavily on your tax-deductible donations. 

thank you for visiting today. please explore our site to see exactly what we do, how you can help, and how to stay out of trouble. 
we take pride on being there when it counts so 
that others may live.






donate
"so that others may live"











upcoming events











































presentation requests


if you wish to request a presentation or have us participate in your event, contact the public education/outreach coordinator via the form link presentation request form. 


using this form will ensure that your request will go to the appropriate person in a timely manner.


























colorado outdoor recreation search and rescue (corsar) card

colorado residents and   visitors are well served by dedicated non-paid professional search and rescue   teams. by purchasing a corsar card  you are contributing to the search and rescue fund, which   will reimburse these teams for costs incurred in searches and rescues   across the state of colorado.â the corsar card is available for $3.00 for a one-year card and $12.00 for five-year card.
please note the corsar card is not insurance and does not reimburse individuals nor does it pay for medical transport.
to purchase a corsar card click this link: corsar card





 








© 1995 - 

larimer county search and rescue


 google search lcsar
 site map

































 



