







ransburg scout reservation


























































              home
            



              at camp
            



              programs
            



                reservations
              



                staff & alumni
              




















              home
            



              at camp
            



              programs
            



                reservations
              



                staff & alumni
              


























ransburg scout reservation7599 e waldrip creek rdbloomington, in 47401(812) 837 - 9423support@ransburgbsa.org





established in 1966 ransburg scout reservation was constructed to serve the scouts of the then central indiana council (now crossroads of america council), but today scouts from all over the world attend one of our 7 weeks of summer camp. we are nestled within hoosier national forest on the banks of beautiful lake monroe not far from bloomington, indiana. we offer one of the most diverse set of programs in the country, state of the art facilities, and a dedicated staff committed to outstanding service to scouts and scouters.quick information about:



documents & downloads



program & activity schedules



planning for camp



camp programs












it is the mission of ransburg scout reservation to foster the scout oath and law in both scouts and scouters by offering a fun, safe, inclusive, positive, memorable, and challenging summer camp experience.





welcome!nestled in hoosier national forest, ransburg scout reservation is located on the beautiful monroe reservoir near bloomington, indiana, the largest lake in the the state of indiana. we continue to be the premier scout camp in the midwest because of our diverse programs, state of the art facilities, excellent camp staff, and our commitment to outstanding service to scouts and leaders.we know that there are many great camps to choose from and are very happy that ransburg scout reservation is your choice. we hope to serve you to the best of our ability and want your camp experience to be outstanding for both you and your scouts. if you have any questions or concerns please do not hesitate to contact us and we will respond as best we can.thank you in advance for placing your trust in ransburg scout reservation. we are eager to serve and hope this guide will assist you in making your plans. 

 









 










ransburg history















prior to 1966 the central indiana council was interested in buying property on the soon to be flooded area of monroe reservoir. the council was able to locate acreage near the harden ridge boat ramp and beach across the lake from the now four winds marina. with land identified, they needed the funding to buy the property. frank chase, the scout executive, went to harper ransburg to help fund the purchase of the property. he asked mr. ransburg and he quickly agreed. in addition other members of the council purchased land on and near the future lake. the army corps of engineers found that they needed property near the dam for a boat ramp and so they approached the council with an offer to trade the land the council owned near the dam for another property north on the lake. that traded property is now what we know of as ransburg scout reservation. in the summer of 1966 camp ransburg opened as a scout summer camp. the inside page of the program for the opening says: “toward the molding of men...”and it is as true today as it was almost 50 years ago, as deeply rooted in the heart of each staff member as it was in the men who helped bring the camp to life.ransburg scout reservation was constructed to serve the scouts of the then central indiana council (now crossroads of america council), but today scouts from all over the world attend one of our seven weeks of summer camp.

















































back to top



planning for camp



week check in/out




directions




interactive camp map




travel times




health form information




swim checks




campsites




tips to consider




adult leaders




documents & downloads






contact us



documents



documents & downloads




maps




program schedules




adult schedules




atv & ransburg x




camp staff application




campership form




camping experience guide




dining hall menu




frequently asked questions




gift card purchase




health lodge forms




personal watercraft forms




pre-camp leader meeting recording




registration notes






apply




ransburg scout reservation, 7599 e waldrip creek road, bloomington, in, 47401(812) 837 - 9423support@ransburgbsa.org








