
through-floor home lifts and platform lifts, by wessexwe collect cookiesread more on our privacy policy page. you can choose to accept all cookies or decline all but non-essential ones:acceptdeclinewessex are internationalvisit our other language sites...uk website (you are here!)wessex lifts in the usadistributor loginfor all wessex dealersrequest a login✖minor update to our cookie policy. read more on the privacy policy page.new file available for download on our extranet, for distributors.distributor loginaboutblog01794 830303sales@wessexlifts.co.ukhomehome liftsplatform liftsmaintenancecontact



            home lifts and platform lifts, designed and manufactured in the uk
        

            contact us
            




vm home liftthe vm is a functional, well priced lift, with a classic designve enclosed liftthe ve expands on the functionality of the vm, with a wider feature setelesse luxury liftthe elesse is designed to be a comforable, modern alternative to the stairliftsp step liftour smallest platform lift; not to be underestimated!lr platform lifta step up in height from our sp, but keeping compactliberty open liftour powerful, customisable, open platform liftplg7 incline platforma unique incline platform stairlift design



            one company that can provide all your mobility solutions
        

            wessex lift co. ltd. has been innovating, designing, installing, and maintaining through-floor home lifts and platform lifts for over 40 years in hampshire, uk. we love problem solving. our main aim is to always find the right solution for you.
        

            our range of products provide a popular selection for occupational therapists, carers, and other healthcare professionals, as well as those who want to move between floors in their home more easily.
        







        lifts for the home and public lifts
      



          home lifts
        

            designed for independent living, our home lifts
            are easy to install, built with longevity in mind,
            and are unobtrusive, with small footprints and quiet
            operating mechanisms.
          


            see our home lifts
          



          platform lifts
        

            our platform lifts are able to be installed
            indoors and outdoors. they come with a 5 year
            anti-corrosion warranty in the uk as a testament
            to our confidence in their strength.
          


            see our platform lifts
          








        how to buy a wessex lift?
      





            get in contact


            call a member of our office-based sales team to
            arrange a visit from a sales manager.
          






            quotation visit
          

            receive a site survey from a wessex area sales
            manager to get an idea of cost and find a position
            for the lift.
          



 

            installation
          

            once a date has been agreed upon, installation
            usually takes 1 or 2 days depending on model.
          









          contact wessex - receive a free quote
        

            take the first steps towards easier access in your
            home by getting in contact with wessex.
          

            there are many ways to get in contact with us, and
            our friendly, dedicated customer care team are waiting
            for you to contact them!
          


            contact us
          



01794 830303sales@wessexlifts.co.ukwessex lift co. ltd.budds lane,romseyso51 0hacompany:careersabout wessexsponsorshiplift maintenanceblogproducts:vm open home liftve enclosed home liftelesse luxury liftsp step liftlr plaform liftliberty openwessex lift co. ltd. is a member of the ratcliff grouphave a read of our privacy policy.lost? check our sitemap