
locally owned & family operated | george darte funeral home


































home




about us





our heritage




our staff




giving back




testimonials




career opportunities




map & directions




contact us







funeral planning





our services




arrangement & pricing guide




when death occurs




burial services




cremation services




eulogies and obituaries




pre-planning




pre-arrange online




funeral etiquette




faq







family tributes




after care





after care services




canada bereavement registry




legal advice







grief resources





blog




grief recovery outreach program




grief words - dr. wolfelt




grief resources - sherry williams







concierge





local accommodations




restaurants




local churches




local law firms




service clubs




cemeteries







covid-19










































welcome to the george darte funeral home
st. catharines' onlylocally ownedfuneral homethank you for visiting us online. whether you have come here today to visit a loved ones or close friends personal online webpage, to browse our services, our merchandise, to send flowers, or to learn more about funeral services here in st. catharines; we are always here committed to serving your family to the absolute best of our ability just as we always have for over 100 years.


gregory darteco-owner/funeral events plannergeorge darteco-owner/funeral events planner


we invite you to contact us with your questions, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week using our online form or by calling 905-937-4444. it is our goal to support you through every step of your arrangements and to pay tribute to the special memory of your loved one.




























consumer information guideclass 1 funeral home establishment licence number fe-402


 




grief support

learn more
the death of a family member or close friend is a very difficult time in anyone's life. our website provides resources for individuals to visit for seminars, workshops and articles that will help you understand the grief you are feeling when someone in your life has passed.

pre-planning

learn more
many people plan for life events such as weddings and vacations well in advance, however, do not plan for something that is certain to happen, their funeral. while most people do not want to think about their own mortality, the time to pre-plan is now.



our services:



current services
past services







        loading...
    







                        kenneth david thiessen
                    

thursday, february 13, 2025








                        leo frank boisvert
                    

thursday, february 13, 2025








                        pasqualina stabile
                    

sunday, february 9, 2025








                        eugenia krzywonos
                    

saturday, february 8, 2025








                        henrietta edith steers
                    

wednesday, february 5, 2025








                        timothy george daniel
                    

tuesday, february 4, 2025








                        elizabeth jane perrone coholan
                    

monday, february 3, 2025








                        patricia doreen gocza
                    

monday, february 3, 2025







                        victor galway
                    

sunday, february 2, 2025








                        ivan thomas deyoung
                    

tuesday, january 28, 2025



view all
receive notifications













 































our associations: 















who we are:
our mission is to serve each family to the absolute best of our ability, along with their friends and to give to the good of our community in which we live and serve.


contact & address
phone (24/7): 905-937-4444fax: 905-937-6605email us585 carlton streetst. catharines, onl2m 4y1 


map & directions







quick links:
obituariessend flowerspre-planning 






george darte funeral home proudly serves st. catharines on and the following (but not limited too) communities of: niagara-on-the-lake, thorold, and lincoln on.








admin login | website powered by funeraltech & ta | privacy policy | terms of use







