


natural hoof - home page






































           




 site search:














 

                     email:









 incurable navicular?
             
 nobit bridles
  
















barefoot trimming & natural horse care 


		
		welcome to the natural hoof website, where you'll find information and resources about 
		barefoot trimming & natural horse care.

		
		huge sale!!! books half price or less!!! hoof boots up to $30 off!!! (selected sizes) 
		while stocks last!! 

                  order online today! 




 



natural hoof trimming
discover the importance of a balanced, natural hoof shape. natural trimming is based on
the natural hoof shape of wild horses, combined with years of scientific research, for enhanced performance
over all terrain, and/or healing of common hoof problems.
find out more . . . 











natural environment
information about how to provide a natural environment that will enhance your horse's
health and wellbeing.
find out more . . . 

 








natural nutrition
important research into the horse's diet, minerals, herbs, essences and homeopathics.
find out more . . . 












natural riding and tack
riding gear that will not harm the horse, and classic riding styles that are
sympathetic to the horses anatomy and physiology. 
find out more . . . 










            
                 
natural hoof does not accept responsibility for any
								applications or misapplications of the information 
								presented in this website. we presume that horse owners will
								get the opinions and services of qualified hoofcare providers. © copyright componic ltd,
2000

 
home | articles | study groups | clinics-events | brag | classifieds | 

                  order | links


									 
								email: info@naturalhoof.co.nz


								
                   
                    
                   
                   
                   
                   
                   
                   
                   

                   
                   
                   
                   
                   
                   

                    







				    








special! nobit pony bridles $50 off! 
			
				
				visit our online shop
				for details.
				

bitless bridles

users of our bitless bridles say . . . 

problem horse now a pleasure
"after a month, the head tossing has stopped. she doesn't fight with me when i put the bridle on. she keeps her mouth shut and tongue in her head. she doesn't try to put her head down to buck and she moves forward so much better. i recommend the bitless bridle and my horse would thank you if she could talk."   - kiri


head tossing solved
"she would often toss her head around and generally fuss with her mouth. i purchased a bitless bridle which has turned out to be a brilliant purchase ... she goes very kindly. thankfully i found out about your bridles and am so pleased i bought one. thankyou."   - gail  


no more high head carriage/set jaw
"she seemed much happier immediately, no jogging at all, her head carriage was lower, no set jaw and generally calmer. i think you will be pleasantly surprised at how much control you do still have, and at how much happier your horse obviously is!!! we're a very happy team!" - lisa


bridling problems disappear
"its so much easier. i was having to stand on the fence to get the [bitted bridle] on and off. within only a few times of using the bitless bridle, he began to lower his head when i put it on. taking it off ... now he lowers his head for me to reach. getting the bitless bridle for him was well worth the money spent."   - kiri


more testimonials
				or buy online

archived articles















