   san diego party rentals - party equipment rentals - quality          



 

 homeabout uscatalogswatchesall equipmentaudiovisualbanquet tablescanopieschairsconference equipmentdance floor & stage raiserdinnerwaredraping & lightinggeneratorsglasswarelightingpatio equipmentpatio heatersround tablessilverwaretableclothsspecialty linenswedding equipmentcontact usfaq’sprint full price list


menu

 price list

chairs

round tables

banquet tables

canopies

audio visual

conference equipment

dance floor & stage raiser

dinnerware

drapping & lighting

generators

glassware

lighting

patio equipment

patio heater

silverware

specialty linens

tablecloths

wedding equipment
san diego party rentalsparty equipment rentalat san diego party rentals ® you will find everything you need for your next event. passionate about delivering exceptional service.


call us: (619) 424 0007				

san diego party rentalsrentals for all your events
you can count on good quality equipment at an unbeatable price

birthdays


view more				

aniversaries


view more				

corporate


view more				

graduations


view more				

weddings


view more				


call us: (619) 424 0007				

requiest a quote


click here				
our specialtylounge, draping & lighting.

 
design and consultation

 
pipe & drape

 
canopy draping

 
outdoor lighting

 
event uplighting

 
draping design

 
market lights

 
wedding backdrops

 
ceiling draping

 
monogram gobos

 
pinspot lighting

 
ambient lighting

 
wedding reception ideas


get a free quote!				






san diego party rentalsall party equipment needscreate unforgettable events with hassle-free rentals. transform any space into a party paradise.

chairswe specialize in providing an extensive range of rental solutions


view more				

round tableswe pride ourselves on offering a diverse selection of meticulously equipment


view more				

conpieswe work closely with our clients, offering personalized recommendations and support


view more				

lounge furnitureset. $250*for 10 people.


view more				
entrust your event to san diego party rentalsthe ultimate rental experience


call us - (619) 424 0007				
 

information questionsfrequenly ask question

what are the regular business hours? 							
we are open monday to friday 9 am to 5 pm and saturday 9 am to 2 pm. our offices are closed on sundays, but we do deliver on sundays for an extra fee.

when is the best time to reserve my equipment? 							
we always recommend that all reservations are made as soon as possible, you do not need to have a final order when you reserve, changes can be made as we get closer to your event. all equipment is subject to availability.

how much deposit is required to reserve my order?							
50% deposit is required to confirm all reservations. please be aware all payments are non refundable.

when is the equipment delivered? 							
we deliver one day before the event and pick up the next business day. our standard delivery times are from 9 am to 6 pm, if you need delivery or pick up before or after these times there is an extra fee depending on the times and amount of equipment rented.

what happens if i have to cancel my order, do i get charged for it? 							
please refer to our terms of agreement regarding cancellations. all specialty orders will be charged full price.

do you set up equipment (tables and chairs)? 							
yes we do. there is a fee for equipment set up and breakdown. the price on our canopies, dance floors and stage raisers include set up and breakdown fees. arrangements for set-up/take-down should be when you place your order.

what should we do with the dishes, glassware and silverware before we return them? 							
all dishes, silverware and glassware must be rinsed and placed in the containers in which they were delivered. please avoid cleaning fees.

what should we do with the linens after use? 							
all linens should be shaken clean, no dry cleaning necessary, we take care of the laundry. linens should be dry to prevent staining and mildew.

what’s your policy on pick ups? 							
items ready for pick-up should be sorted stacked and available to our crew. all china, silver, utensils, etc. should be rinsed, dry, food free placed in the same containers as delivered. a charge will be assessed for all boxes and crates which are damaged or not returned. all breakage, loss and cleaning charges are in addition to rental charges. tables and chairs must be stacked and ready for pick-up.

what happens if the merchandise is lost or damaged? 							
the customer assumes responsibility of all equipment rented from the time of delivery to time of pick up. please be sure equipment is secured from theft and protected from weather. we charge for missing, broken, burned or damaged items.
information about uscontact us to any question














 homeabout uscatalogcontact usfaq’s









all rights reserved. mydop tech theme 2024.






search						



menu							



all equipment							
swatchesaudiovisualbanquet tablescanopieschairsconference equipmentdance floor & stage raiserdinnerwaredraping & lightinggeneratorsglasswarelightingpatio equipmentpatio heatersround tablessilverwarespecialty linenstableclothswedding equipmenthomeabout uscatalogcontact usfaq’s             



