









  


ufcw













































			rancho fcu mobile banking
			download app now





			rancho fcu mobile banking
			download app now




ufcw credit union



banking

personal checking
mastercard® debit card
personal savings
money market account
share certificates
individual retirement accounts
christmas club accounts
vacation club accounts


loans

24/7 fast cash loans
vehicle loans
credit cards
personal / signature loans
consolidation loans
payday assistance loans
secured loans
home mortgages
home equity loans


services

online banking
mobile banking
24-hour phone transactions
mastercard® debit card
ez pay bill payment
auto locating & buying
financial planning services
insurance services
trustage insurance
wire transfers
overdraft courtesy pay service
direct deposit
helpful links


apply for a loan


 join now
find branch
find atm
mastercard login
 online banking


 



annual meeting 
save the date for monday, february 24th.join us for our annual meeting  learn more 




time to transfer
all of our mastercard credit cards include fee free balance transfers  learn more




24/7 fast cash - anytime loan
the easiest way for you to get money when you need it.no credit check.  immediate funding of up to $2000.  learn more & apply




financial planning services
investment | retirement | estate planninglevel up your investment planning  get started




reset your debt
consolidation options to streamline debtsimplify your monthly bill payments  get started











loans
rates as low as


auto loans                                 4.99% apr*


home equity lines                                 9.00% apr*


credit cards                                 12.50% apr*


home loans                                 call for current rates


personal loans                                 10.99% apr*


24/7 fast cash loan - anytime loan                                  18.00% apr*




 become a ufcw credit union member

ufcw credit union is proud to offer exceptional service and rates to our member/owners. we offer a full range of sophisticated financial services, in a welcoming atmosphere. with one ufcw credit union office, and two rancho federal offices (our parent institution), online banking, our automated phone teller, a network of over 30,000 atms, and a full-featured mobile app with remote deposit, we are the best banking option for those who qualify for membership. click the button below to become a member online in ten minutes or less!

join ufcw credit union online

connect with us

 





featured services 

membership
membership is open to individuals belonging to specific groups which make up our field of membership, plus their immediate families. grocery and healthcare workers make up the bulk of our membership, but other fields are eligible too. click below to see if you qualify. we hope you do!
learn more 
products & services
ufcw credit union offers a full range of financial services: savings, checking, credit cards, auto loans, personal loans, payday assistance loans, home loans, and investment options. our christmas and vacation club accounts are especially popular. open one or more with payroll deduction.
learn more 
checking & savings
we offer competitive checking and various savings accounts, with 24/7 access via mobile banking, online banking and rosie the phone teller. use your accounts to pay your bills conveniently with our free ezpay service. why not make ufcw credit union your primary banking institution?
learn more
loans & credit cards
take advantage of our premier mastercard® with rates starting as low as 12.50% apr,* or an auto loan starting at 4.99% apr! we also offer low-rate first mortgages, and helocs, as well as payday assistance loans (pal), for those times when you come up a little short.
learn more
 
member services
ufcw credit union offers a wide range of services including an onsite financial adviser, insurance services, wire transfers, and a host of others, all provided with the same friendly, knowledgeable service you have a right to expect, but don’t always get in today’s world.
learn more
*apr = annual percentage rate
 
contact us
we’re here to help when you need us. simply come in to any of our three convenient offices, or call us at 866.855.9050. you can also send us a secure message from the contact us page. we would love to hear from you! to access a full listing of contact options and branch locations, please click below.
learn more





find your next car with groovecar

ufcw credit union has partnered with groovecar. groovecar provides our
members with a simple, three-step, auto buying experience. find, drive and save!

search now





this is the easiest way ever to buy a car. and i got a great deal!
thank you ufcw credit union!











 about us

our history
join ufcw credit union
locations & hours
contact us
employment



 services

savings
checking
investments
loans
credit cards



 convenience

member service forms
rosie the phone teller
online banking
mobile banking
ezpay



 education

financial calculators
rates and fees
disclosures
other resources
share insurance estimator



 routing number 322275144







your savings is federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government.





 


if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 866-855-9050 for assistance.




©2025 ufcw credit union. all rights reserved.   |   privacy policy


created by webflavor










				holiday hours			

please note our branches will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of presidents day. normal business hours will resume tuesday, february 18th.


			×			



















