















home | w.a franke honors college
















      skip to main content
    
















search

search








 



        resources
    

calendar of events
directory
for students
for faculty
for advisors
forms
honors business office








 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 




















 
applyvisitmake a gifta quick guide for current students








 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


why honors

academic opportunities
your first year
who we are
your path through honors
beyond the classroom



admissions

how to apply
visit us
faqs



cost & funding

scholarships & grants
office of nationally competitive scholarships
cost & value
national scholars
flinn scholars
stamps scholars



academics

honors contracts
honors courses
academic programs
early assurance programs
graduation with honors
your path through honors
research
honors thesis
faculty
advising
academic policies



student experience

the franke honors experience
honors village
get involved
common reading
calendar of events
service-learning
study abroad & study away



alumni & friends

stay connected
alumni awards
make a gift



stories

all articles
student profiles
research
it's an honor podcast
dean's letter
alumni news



































home










 






define your futurethe franke honors college is transforming what's possible in honors education through innovative programming, access to experiential learning opportunities, and a supportive community.apply







 
we seek.we connect.we create.we evolve.we celebrate!together, we are franke honors wildcats.grounded in the resources of a globally ranked research university, the w.a. franke honors college provides the opportunity to take small classes with the university of arizona’s top educators, engage in research and creative expression with the university’s top researchers, designers, and artists, experience the world through study abroad, and create lifelong friends through shared experiences.seek ways of thinking, connect with others, create experiences and knowledge, evolve and grow as humans, and celebrate that growth. don't wait to make an impact. the world needs you now.


 








application process

applying to the franke honors college requires just a few additional materials, once you've completed you university of arizona application. 
apply to franke honors










research and creative inquiry

customize your undergraduate experience with research and creative inquiry opportunities designed around your goals and interests. 
explore opportunities










connect with community

mentorship, service, professional development, and fun—get involved in clubs and programs with other franke honors students. 
get involved












franke honors calendar of events












our missionempower each student to reveal and pursue their passion with a deeper sense of wonder and purpose.learn how tofuel wonder at franke honorswith your generous gift.






 









 
innovative academic programmingthe franke honors college offers academic programming that enhances a student's chosen degree path through transdisciplinary study, experiential learning, and funded, faculty-mentored research and creative inquiry.pursue your passion   discover your path through honors. fund your dreams. find support from an experienced franke honors wildcat through path mentoring. get involved in research as early as your first year. explore the honors village, a dynamic space for all franke honors students, regardless of where they live.  maximize your potential with support from the office of nationally competitive scholarships. 


 
news


 


skip to search and filter













image
 





it's an honor: revolutionizing healthcare and education with 2023-24 franke alumni of the year drs. mark and mindy zeitzer


feb. 7, 2025


drs. mark and mindy zeitzer, the w.a. franke honors college’s 2023-24 alumni of the year recipients join us for an inspiring discussion on today’s episode of it’s an honor, sharing insights into their professional journeys and their innovative contributions to healthcare.




    read more
  














image
 





welcome, franke honors associate dean dr. robert stephan


feb. 6, 2025


dr. robert stephan has been selected as the next associate dean for academic affairs for the w.a. franke honors college. before joining the w.a. franke honors college, he served as an associate professor of practice in the department of religious studies and classics at the university of arizona and a fellow in the program of writing and rhetoric at stanford university.




    read more
  














image
 





bryce wilson wins prestigious churchill scholarship 


jan. 30, 2025


the winston churchill foundation has awarded w.a. franke honors college senior bryce wilson a 2025 churchill scholarship, which supports undergraduate students who wish to pursue a year of master's study in science, mathematics and engineering at cambridge university.




    read more
  










read all news







 
events + important dates


 


skip to search and filter














4 – 5 p.m., today



heap office hours


with the heap application deadline quickly approaching on february 21, 2025, the current heap cohort is organizing office hours to assist students with their application questions. these sessions are an excellent opportunity to gain insight into the franke honors early assurance programs and learn about the experiences of current heap students.















2 – 4 p.m., feb. 16, 2025



black history month movie viewing


take some time out of your day to view the six triple eight, the true story of the first all-black, all-women battalion during ww2.















4:30 – 5:30 p.m., feb. 17, 2025



application workshop: interview skills


in this third workshop we’ll focus on providing interview tips and practice so you can approach interviews with confidence.











view all events on the calendar





































 
 honors village, 1101 east mabel street, tucson, az 85719phone: (520) 621-6901 email: honors@arizona.edu



















 
 

 
aboutmessage from the deanmission & historyboard membersdiversity & inclusiondonateconnectcontact usdirectoryfacebookinstagramtwitter 

















we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.














