





                  angel island              














open weekends only (saturday & sunday): february & march 2025 








open main menu








                  experiences                  








                          experiences                        



                          e-bike the island                        



                          tram tours on the island                        



                          hike & explore the island                        



                          shuttle services                        



                          visit the museum                        






                  dining                  








                          dining                        



                          angel island cafe                        



                          pre-packed lunches                        






                  group events & weddings                  








                          group events & weddings                        



                          plan your wedding                        



                          event space                        






                  events                



                  offers                



                  more                  








                          maps                        



                          jobs                        



                          faqs                        



                          review us                        






                  contact                








facebook page






instagram page
















          explore the island        


              tickets from san francisco            

              tickets from tiburon            



 


      beautiful bay views    

important seasonal hour update:
february & march 2025:
saturdays & sundays only from 10:00am - 3:00pm
plus open president's day 2/17 from 10:00a - 3:00p
while angel island state park may be open, angel island company's services are limited to the hours and closures listed above. some days, we may close early due to weather. 

this hidden gem is a wonderful destination for fun, adventure, and american history. experience expansive breathtaking 360 degree views of the bay area–san francisco skyline, golden gate bridge, bay bridge, richmond bridge, tiburon, san francisco, and the bay.
ride on one of our open air trams and learn about the island’s fascinating history like the civil war buildings and the immigration station. or, take a tour of the immigration station museum for a deeper dive into the island history. hike or bike all over the island for magnificent views! we are thrilled to announce that we have a new specialized bike rental fleet available! ride the ferry from san francisco or tiburon to experience one of the most beautiful and history rich islands in the san francisco bay—angel island state park.
for information about angel island state park services please visit their website here. 

 



        plan your visit      










                      more info
                      



                    explore the island: tram tours, hiking, biking, and more!                  













                      more info
                      



                    cafe & dining                  













                      more info
                      



                    group events & weddings                  













                      more info
                      



                    ferry access                  







 



        testimonials      






i love the cafeteria it's wonderful you can sit eat your lunch watch the water or you can just relax sometimes it gets full on holidays depends when you go 




                  david s. on yelp                






what a great place to unwind after a 6 mile hike. they have lots of different food options to choose from. we enjoyed a glass of wine/beer and watched the wild life around us while we waited for the tiburon ferry to arrive. 




                  diana c. on google                






great for snacks or quick lunch before hiking or taking a trolley ride. 




                  jamie d. on google                








previous





next





 








































































































 



          experience angel island state park        









            angel island          


            1120 mar west, suite g
                        tiburon, ca 94920          












angel island company is an authorized concessionaire of california state parks. 

privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility statement














        © 2025 angel island. all rights reserved.
      





