





paint your own pottery | oxford, ohio | you're fired! – paint your own pottery | oxford, ohio | you're fired!







































skip to content







monday, tues, thurs 11am-7pm          friday, saturday 12pm-8pm|yourefiredoxford@gmail.com 

class and specials calendarabout uspricing & partiesbook online!purchase online /gift cardsgallery 










 






search for:



















home


home 










this month's specials
don’t miss the great deals going on this month!
*walk-ins welcome with availability. reservations recommended to avoid wait time.
new hours:
mon, tues, thurs 11am – 7pm
fri – sat 12pm – 8pm
*if there are no painters, we may close one hour prior to listed closing time.
*see our calendar for classes, discounts, and extended hours.
see all specials >
read moremore than pottery!
get your friends together for a fun and creative time! we offer a variety of classes right here at the shop! you won’t want to miss our fun step-by-step instructions that give you a beautiful piece of art every time! check out our class listing to see all the different options!
classes >
get inspired
want to come in and paint, but feeling a little stumped? we’ve got you covered. check out some of the items that have been painted in our shop with the step-by-step instructions on how to complete them!
see the gallery >
sign up for our newsletterstay up-to-date on all things you're fired!sign up for our newsletter for updates on upcoming classes, events and promotions.sign up for our newsletter







see more images in our gallery



we are located in the heart of oxford, ohio and love our community!







	you're fired classes!


	visit our "class calendar" page to view class dates, details and register! we offer easy, relaxing and awesome pinterest-inspired classes! let us be the perfect night out with friends! come see what everyone is talking about!
follow us on social media







 
 
 





you’re fired! make your statement on a clay canvas.
we're oxford's only paint your own pottery studio & we can't wait to see what you create!

 

located in beautiful oxford, ohio hours  :mon, tues, thurs:11am - 7pm
fri-sat 12pm-8pm
6 north beech street, oxford, oh 45056

 



 
 
 





		copyright 2015 you're fired oxford | all rights reserved | design by made by we 


facebookinstagrampinterest
 
 
 
 
 
































































































































