


















michigan cosmetic design - dr. robert burke - professor and board certified cosmetic surgeon



































robert burke md facs, ann arbor cosmetic surgeon







re-opening now with the 2025 cosmetic procedure of the year!
an original usa multiple board-certified award-winning bbl plastic reconstruction and cosmetic surgeon featuring the new, safe and beautiful non-surgical pilates peach lift!
springtime special: $1000 off your procedure through may 1st
book your consultation now for your summer ready pilates peach! 
call 1-877-362-6231 
or 
book through your vagaro app.















michigan cosmetic design – dr. robert burke
professor and board certified cosmetic surgeon

call or text 877-362-6231

(click for directions)




menu

about dr. burkefacial enhancementsfacial fillers / dermal fillerssilhouette instalift – a non-surgical faceliftbotox treatment for fine lines and wrinklesnon-surgical jaw re-shaping / facial narrowingbody enhancementsdr. burke talks safety: the non-surgical brazilian  lift (bbl)pilates peach lift and bella  liftcelebrity sweetheartsfeature filmsprivacy policyterms of usebook a consultation





please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlast 
message email comment


email *comment or messagesubmit 





michigan cosmetic design – 3050 washtenaw ave arbor hills sola salons, suite 20 ann arbor, mi 48104 877-362-6231
(click for directions)
© 2025 michigan cosmetic design pllc
the information provided on this website is intended for informational and educational purposes only and should not be considered an appropriate substitution for a consultation and expert medical advice from a doctor. the content on this website is by no means an exhaustive explanation of the intricacies, risks and results of cosmetic surgery and other cosmetic procedures.
all information on this website is deemed to be accurate at the time of posting. due to constantly changing treatments and technologies, however, we make no guarantees that the information on this website is the most current information at the time of your visit to this website. michigan cosmetic design makes no guarantees to the accuracy, timeliness and completeness of the information on this website. 
results vary from patient to patient.  all photos are models unless it states that they are a patient of dr. burke.
any outgoing links or third party materials on this website should not be considered an endorsement from michigan cosmetic design.


















