
 alumni and giving : iu southeast 




























skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university southeast
indiana university southeast
iu southeast












menu






indiana university southeast






recruit students to iu southeastnotable alumnigive now





admissions
apply now
academics
students
athletics
news & events
alumni & giving
community
about







homeadmissionsapply nowacademicsstudentsathleticsnews & eventsalumni & givingcommunityabout
alumni-giving/_includes


alumni and giving


homealumni & givingalumni & givingyour iu southeast legacyeach graduate, former student, current student, and friend of iu southeast has a lifelong connection to our university. at the iu southeast alumni association, we help forge these connections into ongoing, engaging relationships with iu southeast and indiana university.as members of the iu alumni association, we receive a number of perks and discounts. but the most valuable benefit is one we can’t quantify—connection. thanks to the iuaa, we’re able to stay connected to our alma mater and fellow alumni—a growing group of nearly 750,000.benefits of joining the iu alumni associationalumni emailcontacts for job searchingprofessional developmentmember discountsand much more!read the alumni magazinehelp us find the next generation of iu southeast studentsrecruit a studentjoin the iu alumni associationbecome a member and get connected to a global network of iu alums. the only requirement for membership is loving iu.update my informationsign up for a my iu account to manage your membership information and gifts, keep your alumni record up to date, and access the alumni directory.keep in touchdon't forget to keep in touch! what have you been up to? stay connected by telling us the latest about your iu southeast experience, your new job, or important family news.why should i give to iu southeast?every time you give to iu southeast, you make good things happen for our campus and our community.because of you, students who need a helping hand get the scholarships they need to make better lives for themselves and others.because of you, faculty get the tools they need to provide the best possible education to their students.because of you, iu southeast researchers and faculty members get the funding they need to make world-changing discoveries.because of you, and the long-lasting impact of your support, the world gets a little bit better every day.how do i show my support?whether you give once or give every month, your donation makes a direct impact on students, faculty, and iu southeast's presence in the community.ready to give now?make a one-time or recurring donationadditional ways to giveannual giftsyou are an ardent supporter of iu southeast. you attend every athletic event you can, cheer on iu southeast students, and connect with iu southeast alumni whenever possible. making an annual gift, no matter how large or how small, is the perfect way to help the university you love—right now, and for years to come.give annuallymatching giftsdid you know that many employers match the charitable donations you make? it's true. that means the gift you give could become even bigger, with your company's help. we've created a tool that makes it easy to find out if this option is available to you. why not give it a try right now, and find out if your employer matches gifts?find my employerplanned and estate giftscreate a lasting legacy with planned gifts. whether you give through bequests, annuities, or another gift option, making a planned gift enables you to create a long-lasting legacy at iu southeast and support the causes closest to your heart for years to come.plan my legacyresources for iu southeast alumniwondering what you can do to support your alma mater or get more involved in the alumni community? here are some ways you can get more connected to iu southeast.help students succeedserve as a mentor to a current student (send an email to mentorin@iu.edu to learn more).host interns at your business or organization or bring a class to your business for hands-on learning (email webjob@iu.edu to find out how).invest in a scholarship by giving above and pay your success forward to the next generation.get your business involved by joining employer connect—there are six ways to engage.show support in personvisit campus and come see what we’ve been up to this past year.attend events on campus.attend a performance at the ogle center.support our athletes by attending a game.volunteer—from sharing your story to helping us plan events, we have an opportunity for you.get involved onlinetag us on your social media channels with the hashtags #iusoutheast, #ius, and #indianauniversitysoutheast.follow us on twitter, facebook, instagram, or linkedin.share with us by updating your contact information, telling us what you’ve been up to, or nominating a notable alum.join the iu alumni association—tools and services include the alumni directory, the virtual alumni network, discounts, and perks, plus so much more.contact usneed help, or want to discuss your options for supporting iu southeast? reach out to us.


joe glover mba
vice chancellor of university relations adjunct professor, school of business office: univ. center south room 155phone: (812) 941-2663email: joglover@iu.edu




megan kaelin hicks
director of alumni relations & campus eventsoffice: univ. center south 151/151aphone: (812) 941-2032email: mlkaelin@iu.edu




mindy smith
sr. administrative assistantoffice: univ. center south 155phone: (812) 941-2663email: smithmin@iu.edu



recruit students to iu southeastnotable alumnigive now




contact, address and additional links



services

canvas
one.iu
library
askiu



email

about email at iu
outlook web access





for prospective students

request information



find

directory
a-z list
schedule of classes
map and directions
academic calendar
accreditation
faculty and staff resources





resources

it services
bookstore
diversity
non-discrimination notice
university police
required disclosures
bad weather policy
emergency information
accessible educational services





 indiana university southeast

      (812) 941-2333
      4201 grant line rd.
      new albany, in 47150
      


facebook
flickr
instagram
linkedin
snapchat
twitter
youtube


view the website in español











accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university















