




sorano goju-ryu karate – traditional japanese goju-ryu karate






































 








skip to content

















home





 



















ikga north america 



sorano goju-ryu 



karate school 



for over 35 years, shihan chieko huse has helped adults and children grow their character, strength, and discipline in the challenging and rewarding art of traditional goju-ryu karate. 






try a free class



















try a free class! 



new to karate? 

join us for a free class and experience the triditional art of goju-ryu karate. 










contact us today



















the benefits of karate 



goju-ryu karate training physically and mentally challenges each student to not only be the best karateka they can be, but the best person as well. sorano goju-ryu karate school is more than just your neighborhood karate school — we are a karate family! 










 




							focus						


						training in karate will help enhance your mental toughness, provide mental clarity, and improve your ability to focus.					













 




							social						


						karate is a great opportunity for your child to make friends. our lessons focus on teamwork, respect for others, and other areas of social skills development.					













 




							strength						


						karate training is proven to provide numerous physical fitness benefits including increased strength, flexibility, and agility. it will also improve your cardiovascular health.					













 




							self-defense						


						one of the main reasons students enroll into karate program is for self-defense. sorano karate focuses on teaching real-world self defense to give you the skills you need to make yourself a less likely target.					


















ikga affiliated dojo
 



international karatedo gojukai association 






ikga website
















"when you perform kata, the most important thing is your mental attitude" 



~gogen yamaguchi 











contact us! 







please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *message *messagesubmit  










 




							karate class schedule						


						monday and friday from 5:00 pm-7:00 pm saturday from 9:00 am to 11:00am					









 




							kitsap tennis & athletic center						


						1909 ne john carlson rd, 
bremerton, wa 98311					









 




							(360) 271-1027						


						text or call for more information					



















































				sorano goju-ryu karate school © 2023			











































