




comparative mammalian brain collections






























































































































search
enter keyword: 




  


  
      
    














 
                  wally welker, john irwin johnson, adrianne 
                  noe

this 
              web site provides browsers with images and information from one 
              of the world's largest collection of well-preserved, sectioned and 
              stained brains of mammals. viewers can see and download photographs 
              of brains of over 100 different species of mammals (including humans) 
              representing over 20 mammalian orders.

              also available are examples of stained sections from a wide variety 
              of brains of special interest, including humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, 
              various rodents and carnivores, california sealion, florida manatee, 
              big brown bat, american badger, american raccoon, yellow mongoose, 
              zebra, cow, and the atlantic bottlenose dolphin. a complete list 
              of all available specimens is available. how brain evolution has 
              occurred is discussed.

              viewers will learn why these collections are important, why and 
              how they were assembled, and why it is important to protect, preserve 
              and maintain them. moreover, a variety of issues in brain science 
              are discussed. 

              for users who are interested in using any of our images for educational 
              or research purposes, you have our permission to use them. but, 
              they are not to be published and copyrighted since this would prohibit 
              others from using the same images. at any rate, we request that 
              you identify them as from the university of wisconsin and michigan 
              state comparative mammalian brain collections, as well as from those 
              at the national museum of health and medicine. also, we request 
              that you refer to the web site where you obtained them, as well 
              as the fact that preparation of all these images and specimens have 
              been funded by the national science foundation, as well as by the 
              national institutes of health. 








university 
                of wisconsin

 
wally 
                welker
 


michigan 
                state university

john 
                irwin johnson


national 
                museum of health and medicine


adrianne 
                noe  


national 
                science foundation
 
sponsor





list 
        of specimens 
        | explore collections | brain 
        sections | brain evolution | brain 
        development | brain circuitry | 
        brain functions | location 
        and use | related web sites | contact 
        us | search msu database
| personnel
| home





