












hawaii executive collaborative



























skip to main content












menu




×






               
                about us 
                                                      
            



               
                focus areas 
                                                      
            



               
                executive conference 
                                                      
            



               
                news 
                                            



 impact reports                                           


 press releases & media                                           


 research reports                                           





               
                contact us 
                                                      
            









 
                 
                  about us
                              




 
                 
                
                  focus areas
                  
                              




 
                 
                
                  executive conference
                  
                              




 
                 
                  news
                              





                       impact reports                     
                      




                       press releases & media                     
                      




                       research reports                     
                      






 
                 
                  contact us
                              






 




pause
play









collaborating for a better hawaiʻi
hec leverages the collective leadership of senior executives to accelerate the building of a resilient hawaiʻi and its central place in the world.
learn more













leaders committed to making our islands a better place
representing many diverse sectors, hec leaders believe in a shared sense of kuleana (responsibility) to find real-world, high-impact solutions that benefit our communities and people.
learn more












honoring and perpetuating hawai`i’s soul and serving as a model globally


our vision is grounded in native hawaiian culture and values that shape the way we live and work. recognizing that hawaiʻi’s communities are enhanced by their diversity, we believe in the positive impact of personal connections – across the table and across the ocean.








collaborative leadership

hec leaders believe in the power of collaboration and action to help build a more resilient hawai‘i.
hec leaders use their expertise and influence to make tangible progress on the issues that are most important to hawai‘i’s future.collective action

hec leaders focus on where their involvement—as leaders or as supporters—can measurably improve outcomes.
hec leaders seek to develop early proof points with initiatives that are practical, systemic, and responsive to the community.commitment to hawai‘i

the work of hec, which is grounded in hawaiian values, can inspire a culture of collaborative leadership beyond these shores and serve as a global model for community transformation.
hec leaders invite investment and new opportunities for hawai‘i from collaborators whose values align with theirs.













recent updates















rediscovering hawai‘i’s soul



the rhs network enables leaders to collaborate and reimagine a thriving, inclusive future for hawaiʻi, grounded in hawaiian values and diverse perspectives.
learn more about hawai‘i’s soul and our shared kuleana














climate coalition pledge




the climate coalition is a collaborative, multi-sector approach to
creating a favorable environment for climate progress. 
take the climate coalition pledge














it workforce needs report



technology represents a significant opportunity for hawaiʻi as we diversify our workforce and support an innovation economy.









see all news









sign up to keep updated and make a commitment to a better hawaiʻi!


subscribe



      hawaiʻi executive collaborative newsletter sign-up * indicates required  email address  *     first name     last name               






















                                    about us
                                  





                                    news
                                  





                  
                  contact

                                  




follow us
facebook
instagram
linkedin




            copyright © 2025 hawai’i executive collaborative. all rights reserved.
          

privacy policy









return to top







