






trn group – civil engineering & haulage contractors




































vimeo




linkedin


4654 9900
email us
 












home
about us
our team
our projects
our services
careers
our community
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 


















trn
civil engineering & earthmoving contractors








welcome to trn

trn group (trn) is a family owned company which has been operating in nsw for over 50 years and has grown to incorporate quarrying, civil engineering, bulk earthworks, haulage and plant hire.








civil contracting
bulk earthworks and the complete construction of large industrial, commercial and residential developments.








quarrying
trn group operates it’s own sandstone quarry able to deliver materials to site seamlessly.








hire equipment
hire equipment fleet is wide-ranging and available from long or short-term to accommodate the needs of any project.








haulage
transporting over 1.6 million tonnes of material each year, ensuring prompt delivery of materials to site.







corporate video







about us

trn is well known and respected for our work on many residential and industrial subdivisions and quarry operations, and highly regarded for our rigorous commitment to delivering quality and reliable service.
this has made us a trusted provider of choice for leading development companies including dartwest developments, a.v. jennings, mirvac homes (nsw), crownland developments, dahua group, landcom, cornish group and greenfield developments, to name a few. our company has a long tradition of personalised service and fields an extensive fleet of high-specification vehicles, made up of over 400 items of plant and equipment.
 
read more








continuing to grow 
with over 400 pieces of plant and machinery 





latest projects








featured projects










oran park town is the first stage of development in the south west growth corridor, with the potential to house up to 35,000 people over a 20 year development horizon. oran park town, urbangrowth nsw
more info...








the harrington grove development adjoins harrington park & oran park. this was the 9th consecutive stage of the development completed by trn group. harrington estates, dandaloo pty ltd
more info...








the macarthur heights estate is situated between the wsu campbelltown campus, the m5 motorway and menangle rail corridor. this is the fourth consecutive stage of the development completed by trn group. macarthur heights, urbangrowth nsw
more info...


























 








about trn the trn group, a civil engineering and haulage company, specialises in bulk earthworks, plant hire, quarrying and haulage.
response to covid 19

 

accreditation iso 14001:2015
environmental management systems
iso 45001
oh&s management systems
iso 9001:2015
quality management systems
rms accredited
ofsc accredited
australian government and construction whs accreditation

our location address
head office: trn house
suite 5.02, 90 podium way,
oran park nsw 2570
depot: 54 barrow rd,
spring farm nsw 2570
postal
po box 431,
camden nsw 2570

contact us (02) 4654 9900
(02) 4654 9999

info@trn.com.au


ccf member 



â© copyright 2019 trn group pty ltd  |  developed by eye 4 design 



















