


moonlight shadows that brighten up the day























    
	moonlight shadows that brighten up the day
	
  


life is beautiful





tuesday, november 20, 2007



	 

	 they aren't new ideas, i know.
	 
    


mr brown said: "i believe it will require no less than a fourth technological revolution. in the past the steam engine, the internal combustion engine, the microprocessor transformed not just technology but the way our society has been organised and the way people live.the industrial revolution, the bright new future that changed so much and brought us everything from a shrinking world to soft-sliced, pre-packaged bread. the revolution of wheels, workers and winnings. britain became great, poor had work.history points to the revolution and says, there, there it began, the good, the bad. the ugly peals of smoke and the trains from which they puff, the travel and discovery of new cultures, countries, and the sadness that was so often brought to them. here started the movement to the north, to the west. here your great great grandfather died and here was the money that let his child live. on this revolution turns the next fate of the world, and here it turned, an ever spiralling movement, with its spinning centre turned by this first revolution. or so it might seem. uprooting, opportunity, education, everything. it was new, fresh and unclean, and it was smudged into the world so that it could not now be rubbed out.then there came the information revolution. in a day the world could be shrunk into your pocket, so small you needn’t even leave your home. you turned round and suddenly it was new. another turn and even the newness had already been replaced. communication and travel. information and organisation. trade quick, die slow. no need for the poor to migrate for work, the work will come to them if they’re poor enough.call your friend across the country while looking at the news across the world. history doesn’t point to this revolution, it just is. it is the history, ask wikipedia. history is turned by the information explosion that twists its way into the past until nothing can be imagined but this spinning change, which isn’t change it’s the same, it’s always been. nothing’s new. is it? not since last week at least, and who needs to remember before that. this revolution turns the world’s spin, until it speeds and we all become a blur, the same shade and shape, melting and sinking until there’s nothing left.and these two came as a surprise. the world turned and we hardly even realised as it turned faster. time spun on and suddenly we were in a different place, but it was new and shiny, with opportunity for some, so why complain?but what we will have to have next is the counter revolution. the one we know about ourselves, where we have to spin against the tide to slow this continuously accelerating turn. we need to distinguish ourselves again, become independent and clear. expand our horizons until the whole world is as far away as we can dream, and excitement is a long journey away. the new revolution will not be an uprising but a relaxation, as each one can sink back into their own shape and stop being whipped about in the rush of the turn, the speed of the growth. we won’t know everything. we won’t move everywhere. the revolution won’t turn us but we will turn it, until it finally dispands and becomes a revolution that turns on us, each to their own.when we can stop being turned by the mass movement, when we can stop it turning on us, but try to reach out and move others’. then we won’t need the revolution any more, as we will have made each other’s.



posted by emilie at 20.11.07
       |
         2 comments





sunday, may 13, 2007



	 

	 just so's you all know...
	 
    


harry rules! hurrah :)



posted by emilie at 13.5.07
       |
         0 comments





friday, march 23, 2007



	 

	 tee hee
	 
    


in't it good ^_^



posted by emilie at 23.3.07
       |
         0 comments





wednesday, january 24, 2007



	 

	 well fuck me.
	 
    


i just got an email from a girl in lebanon who wants to help with our little blockade."just tell me what to do" she says.



posted by emilie at 24.1.07
       |
         0 comments








	 

	 a high, tense front vowel, followed by a bilabial voiceless stop!
	 
    


(eeeep!)i don't seem to be able to put a 100% positive slant on anything at the moment, as annoying as it is i'm accepting it and hoping it'll fade soon enough, since in general, things are great.so, it leads me to the conclusion:the world's end may still be imminenti may be wasting far too much time on the internet instead of worthwhile activitiesmy phoning abilities, or non existance of same, may be pitiful at best and a major setback in organisingi may be utterly useless in many situations..buti'm great! woo!i got 75% in my english exam! wow, even i was impressed. i mean, it's not the best mark ever, but it's a pass and more! unexpected: hollol.um.. yeah. so, i'm great. and i can do stuff. like secconding a motion to support decommissioning of trident in the student's association general meeting on 7th feb. eep. so what if "jamie" from stop the war doesn't think i'm up to it? hah, i'll show him my motion-secconding skills. ahah!



posted by emilie at 24.1.07
       |
         0 comments





saturday, january 20, 2007



	 

	 life is ...you know the rest
	 
    


ok, i'm discounting the last ten minutes where i got kind of upset: i shouldn't go on the internet. really.this has been a beautiful weekend. or saturday at least. spent the night in a bothy with four others, meaning communication wasn't too intimidating. it was cold but we had a real fire. i got up and almost immediately walked up a big hill with jake, which would have killed me a few months ago, i like to think. we also went for a longer walk later with everyone. i got to talk to sarah, who's in fourth year, a but more and she's lovely, and it was lovely to talk to her, so that's lovely. i felt proud for a while. i left first, there's a new bunch there now and i'd probably have loved to still be there, but david rovics was playing here tonight and i had things to do, none of which i've done, but i'm saying it was worth it to see david rovics play again. i didn't get the courage to speak to him this time, but seeing as last time i babbled incredibly stupidly in an evident "i have a massive crush on you" sort of way.. maybe it was a good thing i didn't speak. i'll probably hate myself less in the short term anyway.it was so nice to spend a couple of hours in the same room as this guy who is, to be honest, one of my greatest heroes. every time i've seen him he's made me cry. listening to his music may not change the world as such but it does make me feel like i want to, and it can make me feel.. just generally. just feel. it's great and he's great. good stuff. despite not actually having any friends to come with me, it made me feel good, and it was probably worth forefitting the bothy, or at least at equal levels.though still.. left feeling sick by fucking damn pictures, presumably from wales, last night, on myspace. it means nothing so why does it upset me so much?oh well.. david rovics can join me as i go to bed and make everything all better.xx



posted by emilie at 20.1.07
       |
         0 comments





friday, january 19, 2007




i didn't go on the internet for 23.55 hours yesterdayandi'm going away for the night to a bothy.andi fell over today. bleh.butlove you all :) xx



posted by emilie at 19.1.07
       |
         0 comments





thursday, january 18, 2007



	 

	 ! ! ! ! is all there is to be said
	 
    


you're walking down the street, listening to your mp3 player and something really cool comes on,you just want to dance.or you're at a club, which you've paid to get into and the drinks are expensive, and the music's just not that great, or you aren't in the mood, or you're too hot and need a rest, or you are uncomfortable in your dancing - everyone else there is dancing in a different way from you and you're tired of looking weird..the answer: silent disco!!it's amazing! you turn up with your mp3 player, so do lots of other people, you all listen to your music and dance! it's amazing, both to watch and to participate in. ok, there are things wrong with it; socialising is in a different form, but it's a whole bringing down barriers thing, doing silly things in public.. fantastic, i'm a complete convert and can't wait till the next one!i'm terribly ashamed but i'd forgotten that amp did walking in the air! and i never thought i'd dance to amp in public again!wow.so, this will be the beginning of goodness. i'm going to do things and get so tired that it feels like i'm drunk, and have fun and not take things too seriously and save the world in the meantime, and the world won't end, at least not for a little while (fingers crossed) and i'll do some work - i got 57% in my law essay by the way, not bad ;)) but i'm not going to let it take over my life, if i'm only here for a year it doesn't matter, if i'm here for longer then we'll see how well i do. i'm not going to be unhappy, i'm going to silent disco!! wooooo!



posted by emilie at 18.1.07
       |
         0 comments










about me

name:  emilie 

i like to think of many things, of fools and kings, and diamond rings while simon sings
view my complete profile

les phares

charlotte the fantabulous - brightness and warmth
beth the beautiful - sunshine, lollipops and rainbows
janie the lovely - summer's days and the like
kathy the all round amazing- intelligent fantasms
ralph the gentleman - pirate talk galore
davy the proud- a surprising amount of earnestness
ezra the light- large amounts of thoughts
rannon/susan the juicy - euphamistic greatness
ella the sweet as strawberries - soulful sparkles
davy the brave
charl and beth the adventurours(finished)
ezra the link - energymen or what?
poppy the great - vapulation galore
kwong the oppinionated - anthromophoric references
harry the architect - thoughtful musings

heddwch and important stuff like that

hooray for direct action!"
the europeans haven't learned of the various uses for the word "bang""
meanwhile, elswhere:

all of our gorgeous mugs
if you're feeling charitable
for all that is hip in the world
absolute genius
change the world - or at least listen to some rousing music
cynical film brilliance
the bible as it was meant to be told

comics of the web

pokey - king of webcomics
eeeeeeee
get your obscure band references here
more bunnies of the ninja variety
jesus and feminism-what a delicious combination

life and such

everyone loves megatrain!
once, not so long ago:

they aren't new ideas, i know.
just so's you all know...
tee hee
well fuck me.
a high, tense front vowel, followed by a bilabial ...
life is ...you know the rest
i didn't go on the internet for 23.55 hours yester...
! ! ! ! is all there is to be said
just a memo to myself about what i'mthinking right...
why can't i think straight?

the days of youth and folly...

may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
december 2003
february 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
march 2007
may 2007
november 2007





 





