


old spanish trail centennial homepage






















old spanish trail centennial celebration association
welcome to ost100
old spanish trail auto highway | a decade long centennial celebration





home
news
history
travel logs
articles
counties
gallery













up next
upcoming ost 100 events

 
san antonio ost100 conference
pre-conference motorcade
saturday march 2, 2024 kirby to mcqueeney, texas
centennial reenactment of 1924 ost san antonio south texas road conference  and  ost 0-milestone dedication
march 22-23, 2024
  ost100 centennial reenactment registration is free and open to the public,
						        anyone loving the open road. registration is required to ensure enough
						        complimentary food and materials donated by generous businesses and organizations.
						        registration due by wednesday, march 14, 2024
 information and registration packet










ost100 has been organized to locate, revitalize and preserve the roadway, businesses and historic sites of the original 1920s old spanish trail auto highway for a decade long centennial celebration with a 2029 motorcade grand finale from st. augustine, florida to san diego, california.
san antonio was the center of the 1920s ost association. we in san antonio and bexar county, texas began centennial preparations by working on the original 32-mile "ost headquarters section." 
this website has areas where the 67 counties across the ost can find ideas for using maps and oral histories to locate the roadbed, public and private funding to revitalize the businesses, and sound conservation practices to preserve ost sites. 
we have posted annual travel logs and newspaper and magazine articles of the founding 1920s ost association. 
success stories from other ost counties are also posted here as historic, conservation, and development societies and agencies revitalize each section. 
the business and political partnerships formed in the early days to build and beautify the ost will again work to revitalize and beautify the scenic original ost roadbed that can become a pleasant alternative to interstates 8 and 10 for travelers interested in recapturing the historic ambiance of the gulf and southern border states. 
charlotte kahl, co-founder national ost100












external resources


old spanish trail association st. mary's university archives 
american roads the ost









back to top


legal | contact


