





meta voice




























 



skip to content








home
about
contact me
blog







search for:



 










									meta voice								






about me 
hi,

i am karen rudofsky and i have a ph.d. in psychology. through my professional work, i have discovered a passion for mentoring in the field of personal and professional development. my previous work was as the head of hr in an international corporation, but while i was doing my work on the others i also rediscovered myself and switched my career. now i am a motivational speaker, life coach, career development advisor, blogger, and mom. i am also finishing my lifework, a book that will be published soon.

search for:



 

















mental health 

it is a well-known fact that people tend to live fast, and
living fast can be quite stressful. times have changed, and so today we have a
modern generation that is much focused on work and achieving a better future
for their family. technology has progressed a lot, allowing us easier and
faster communication with each other and everything is easily accessible, which
has its good and bad sides. so we have people who are running for money and are
pursuing their own life ambitions while forgetting about themselves, their
mental and physical health, their spiritual side and their true life purpose.
such people are not only in a constant battle with the time they are trying to
catch up with but also in an eternal fight with themselves.
mental health was a sort of taboo subject just a few decades ago, but now things have changed. we realized that the new era brings new issues and paying attention and taking care of mental health is one of them. it is ok to feel the need to slow down. you need to treat your body and your soul now and then. we need to go offline occasionally, go to nature, and travel a little. explore new locations like split, a city in croatia and discover what the best things to do in split are. explore krka national park tour from split with zen travel croatia, or just go fishing to the nearest lake. we need to know when to hit the brakes in our lives.

this can result in a perpetual feeling of dissatisfaction,
frustration, bitterness, and a sense of helplessness and unpreparedness, and by
being in such a state, we lose productivity and motivation. in moments like
that, we need to admit that we have simply spent ourselves and just stop will
all the activities. we will probably need some time for ourselves, to get back
the “life fuel” that is keeping us “alive”. so the question
is how to strike a balance, while having so much work and other obligations and
dealing with so much stress, but still maintain mental stability and health?
what can we do for ourselves, and are there people who can help us in that process?
life coaching

you may have heard of this term before through the media,
internet, newspapers, self-help books and others, but you’re still not sure who
they are and what’s their real purpose? you can probably think that the vast
majority of “life couches” are just simple fraudsters who make huge
money on someone else’s misfortune and naivety, as their greatest desire is to
change their lives. youtube channels are full of people that talk about their
life experiences, accomplishments, conversions, and as such, give recipes for
happiness and inner peace. some of them will find easy and pleasant to listen,
and some of them just won’t give you the vibe you need, so we can say it is not
easy to be a good life coach.
a good life coach should have some specific qualities and
ability to bond with the clients, someone who is inspirational. it is also
important that the person is a good listener, so you feel like you can share
all of your dreams and fears, and have trust and confidence. there is nothing
to be ashamed of asking for a help someone who has greater skills than us, it’s
actually necessary!
these are the facts
a life coach can help you in your personal growth, show you how to improve your life, change your habits, define your goals and visions and make you feel more focused and organized.
life couches are like sports trainers; they are simply training our mind to function in a different way and give us motivation and inspiration that we have lost.
of course, our family and friends can be supportive and try to help us with a piece of advice, but most of the time they will act too subjective and overprotecting, which is completely normal.
a life coach can also show you how to learn to love yourself, in all your forms, flaws and virtues, build your confidence and some new skills and knowledge.

you should have in mind that life couch cannot solve all of your problems, but make you aware of it.
what i do
life coaching
career coaching
team coaching
leadership coaching
career and team coaching

people are different: some of them know from the beginning
what they want to do and have a clear goal and vision about it, and some are
simply hesitant and may not have enough skills and knowledge, so they have no
confidence and just need someone who will encourage them, and help them reach
and unleash all their potentials. my work is based on helping professionals to
discover their passion for work and to help them navigate their professional
life in order to meet the qualities and goals of private life. rediscovering
individual passion is one of my favorite works as it brings a lot of challenges
but at the same time a lot of satisfaction when we make it happen. it is easy
to lose yourself in daily routine and to forget about your professional needs,
and that brings a lot of anxiety.
career coaching

if you find yourself in a feeling that your work doesn’t
fulfill you, brings you satisfaction besides a regular paycheck, then you need
to rethink what your next move will be. my job is to analyze your skills,
discover things that you are passionate about then according to them identify
steps and actions that will land you to your dream job. picking the right tools
is something that i do, and i can guarantee that it will work.
team coaching

teamwork makes a dream work! working in a group is
challenging, many profiles of people need to synchronize in order to achieve
maximum out of their work. it can be hard to have so many personalities in so
many positions. having only one bad link can ruin everything! i have a set of
measures to identify the strength of the group and tools on how to upgrade the
quality of the workgroup. developing and bonding don’t have to be boring; my
group work sessions are a fun and productive way of improving the ‘chemistry’
within the group.
leadership coaching
what makes a good leader? everybody thinks that they will
know what to do if they get a leading role, but being a leader is a hard and
very stressful job. it takes a lot of time and experience to develop leadership
skills, but i can help you fast forward the process and work on your skills to
become the best possible leader. a leader is not someone who shouts the rules
and orders; it is someone who is leading with a sample, it’s someone who is an
inspiration to the others. the best investment that you can do is to invest in
yourself!








		© 2025 meta voice
		

			 | wordpress theme design by superb













