






chesapeake shakespeare company – maryland’s premier classic theatre
































































skip to content









buy ticketsgivecontact












search














































 
shows & tickets shows itʼs the comedy of errors, hon! mary stuart julius caesar subscriptions subscriptions flex pass gift cards group tickets box office student matinees for kidsplan your visit downtown baltimore campus pfi historic park shakespeare beyond field tripseducation & community student matinees & residencies shakespeare beyond camps & classes camps classes csc teaching artists internships internships intern spotlights for teachers the black classical acting ensemble ira aldridge: theatrical trailblazer the monument project above and beyondsupport ways to give corporate sponsorships impact and disclosuresabout mission & story statement on equity, access, and inclusion csc production history our theatre our team our supporters opportunities events & rentals news contact








 

















 
coe 2025it's the comedy of errors, hon!don’t miss this uniquely baltimorean comedy, featuring flamingos, marble stoops, and plenty of hons!
get tickets and learn more24/25 season announcmentjoin us in 2025:our season continues to celebrate the unique charm, collaborative spirit, and artistic excellence we’ve brought to the region.
learn morenew studioregister todayignite your imagination and let creativity flourish! the studio at csc is back in session with in-person and online offerings.
learn moredevo givesupport chesapeake shakespeare companyjoin us as we invigorate downtown baltimore. legacies endure. we are building one—what’s yours?
give today 


























latest news










csc to receive $50,000 award from the national endowment for the arts 
read more





















about us
our mission: we create community through energetic, joyful, and accessible classic theatre.
chesapeake shakespeare company is the leading classic theatre company in maryland, offering vibrant performances that delight our patrons by breathing new life into shakespeare and other classic plays. one of the six largest theatre companies in the state, csc serves diverse audiences with funny, moving, rousing mainstage seasons, a vigorous education program that serves over 16,000 students annually, and our innovative traveling "shakespeare beyond" that brings free shakespeare performances directly into neighborhoods across maryland.
learn more about chesapeake shakespeare company.
support classical theatre in maryland.





































plan your future visit
chesapeake shakespeare company audiences experience great performances in two of the most beautiful venues in the state of maryland: our home for the classics in the heart of downtown baltimore and our “summer home” for outdoor shakespeare at the patapsco female institute historic park in ellicott city.
we can’t wait to see you at both our theatres again soon!
visit us in downtown baltimore.
visit us at pfi historic park
visit us at a park near you

















calling all future shakespeareans
chesapeake shakespeare company is proud to serve students across the state of maryland through our:









school matinees
youth and teen classes


school residencies
teen acting ensembles


home school corps
summer camps












shakespeare in schools




shakespeare at home





















100
productions since our founding in 2022











10,000+
kids have seen shakespeare for free at csc











14,000+
students attend csc student matinees annually











2,400+
md students served annually through csc in-school programs


















our supporters
















												this organization is supported in part by the maryland state arts council.											
 












												baltimore office of promotion and the arts											
 












												creative baltimore fund											
 












												howard county arts council											
 












												baltimore county commission on arts and sciences											
 












												maryland state department of education											
 












												baltimore heritage area association											
 












												the paul m. angell family foundation											
 












												the william g. baker, jr. memorial fund, creator of the baker artist portfolios											
 












												the jacob and hilda blaustein foundation											
 












												bloomberg philanthropies											
 












												middendorf foundation											
 












												the john j. leidy foundation											
 












												pnc bank											
 












												bge											
 












												the t. rowe price foundation											
 












												m&t bank											
 












												the wells fargo foundation											
 












												the arts insurance program, llc											
 












												howard bank											
 












												ths shakespeare theatre association											
 












												theatre leage kansas city											
 












												venable  foundation											
 












												transamerica											
 








 







 














contact






7 south calvert street
baltimore, md 21202
box office
410-244-8570 boxoffice@chesapeakeshakespeare.com
administrative office
410-244-8571 info@chesapeakeshakespeare.com









sitemap







shows & tickets shows itʼs the comedy of errors, hon! mary stuart julius caesar subscriptions subscriptions flex pass gift cards group tickets box office student matinees for kidsplan your visit downtown baltimore campus pfi historic park shakespeare beyond field tripseducation & community student matinees & residencies shakespeare beyond camps & classes camps classes csc teaching artists internships internships intern spotlights for teachers the black classical acting ensemble ira aldridge: theatrical trailblazer the monument project above and beyondsupport ways to give corporate sponsorships impact and disclosuresabout mission & story statement on equity, access, and inclusion csc production history our theatre our team our supporters opportunities events & rentals news contact








stay in touch
join our email list and follow us on social media to receive the latest updates





 
name

please enter your name.


email

please enter a valid email address.




submit



thank you for subscribing to email updates from csc!
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.











































© 2025 chesapeake shakespeare company. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms and conditions | designed & developed by redstart creative








 
scroll to top






