







waxing spa in seattle | brazilian, bikini & eyebrow waxing in seattle | waxon











































































































sign in
my account




















              location / appointment
            

              services
            

            products
          

            brow lamination
          

            lash lift & tint
          

              about / staff
            

            faq
          











































sign in
my account

































location / appointmentservicesproductsbrow laminationlash lift & tintabout / stafffaq


















scroll








waxing spas in seattle "original" home of the brazilian

 

capitol hill - belltown 

 


    gift certificates available 
  









 











waxon is the first female, male, non-binary waxing spa in seattle. we have 2 locations to serve your waxing and skin care needs in capitol hill and belltown.schedule online!




    our history
  



introducing our new shea!piña colada













 




 

it’s been a long time,we can't wait to wax you.

 







 

book your appointment

  


    belltown
  




    kirkland
  




    capitol hill
  

 

click the book link when you are finished to request an appointment. fill out the necessary information to continue booking. waxon will contact you via text or phone call the day before, to confirm your appointment.if you are not able to book a service with a specific esthetician they might not perform that particular service. we do confirm all appointments the day prior to the scheduled appointment. waxon reserves the right to deny service due to lewd or inappropriate behavior.note to our clients, if you need to bring children with you to your appointment, please make certain they are well-mannered and respectful to our staff and fellow patrons.  also, if a client is under the age of 18, we request he/she is accompanied by a parent and/or legal guardian.




    hard wax available upon request
  



locations













belltown



 
   



(206) 267-292993 wall st, seattle, wa 9810210am to 7pm 7 days a week



ahh belltown, we’re on the way to the seattle center, close to downtown and you can spy views of the puget sound from wall street. who needs to drive when you can walk and there are buses all around. we adore our neighbors, there is so much around to take advantage of. of course, you can get a new “do”, next door at rudy’s hair salon or book a room upstairs at the ace hotel, the original! there are great places to eat and/or grab a pint: cyclops, virginia inn. or sneak in for a service than treat yourself to a movie and a cocktail at the big picture. if that’s not your style, we are close to the sam’s new sculpture garden.rumor has it we’re in a historical building!

 


    book belltown
  

 











capitol hill



 
   



(206) 726-8655521 15th avenue east seattle, wa 9811210am to 7pm 7 days a week



the capitol hill spa is our “flagship”. we opened in 1999. this location will always have a soft spot in everyone’s heart. even if “the hill” goes through changes, we will always be here! and we’re always in good company with big hitters like coastal kitchen, liberty, café ladro, and smith! for those who are curious there is always the canterbury. and for scotch seekers liberty has some of the best selections in town. you can actually still find street parking in capitol hill, which these days seem to be a rarity.late night waxing available !




    book capitol hill
  








premier waxing services throughout seattle, waexperience a new level of smooth, nourished, and rejuvenated skin with the most restorative waxing and skin care services in seattle! we’re whole-body skincare professionals, and feature an amazing lineup of products like shea what body butter, ultra-hydrating facials, and judgment-free body waxing services designed for every man, woman, and non-binary person in search of healthy, clear, and properly cared for skin.

 

more than just another waxing salon, our waxing, and skincare team specializes in personalized treatment services. we accommodate your preferences, always practice skin-safe wax techniques, and feature an incredible variety of non-toxic, purifying, and soothing product options to promote healthier skin from the foundation. even if you have skin allergies or sensitivities, your comfort and safety are a priority to our wax team. we pair our products with your specific skin type, back every service with years of expertise, and focus on gentle waxing methods for a protective and less-painful waxing experience.along with our finest body waxing services in seattle, our wax spa is home to other self-care essentials to maintain a soft and radiant glow for a lifetime. in addition to waxing, we also feature spa favorites like our exclusive lash lift and tint in seattle. you can also pair our lash or wax services with our eyebrow waxing services. if you’re looking for fuller eyebrows or a more refined eyeline, we also offer stunning brow laminations in seattle for a sexy, trim, or fluffier finish that’s styled exactly as you like. however we can help you highlight your eyes, brighten your skin tone, or improve your skincare routine in any way, every eyebrow waxing, facial, and bikini wax in kirkland begins with highly-personalized guidance and care that’s exclusive to you.our waxing services include:bikini waxingbrazilian waxingleg waxingeyebrow waxing& morewhether it’s a quick bikini wax touchup, a full-body hair removal, or you need a discreet male brazilian wax, our waxing salon is welcoming, and always respectful. our estheticians take the time to learn about your detailed style goals, providing adaptable care that gets to the root of your aesthetic, moisturization, or self-care needs. for example, if you’ve had limited success with your diy waxing at home, our experienced estheticians will gladly connect you with our best self-waxing products and teach you how to do it properly. before, during, and after every client’s waxing treatment in seattle, we strive to empower our clients with helpful insights to make the most of each service. our estheticians are genuinely interested in helping our clients develop the best skincare routines, and never hesitate to help if you have personal skincare questions. do you need better after-waxing products? or just want to stay fresh with an affordable male body waxing in belltown? no matter the need, we can help you find what’s best for you! 








            protect your skin
          










our clean and careful practices minimize the potential for skin injury or post-waxing issues like ingrown hairs. we always recommend seeking a professional spa service before attempting to do it yourself! especially if you’re attempting something like a sensitive male brazilian wax that involves hard-to-reach places!








            maintain the hair-free finish for longer
          










our thorough processes get to the root of all hair follicles. we are detail-oriented professionals that never finish until your skin is truly liberated! after our top body waxing services, you can expect your hair to regrow thinner and remain less noticeable.








            spend less on razors & spa expenses
          










our affordable female, non-binary, and men’s waxing services are discounted for maintenance visits! spend less on other hair-removal products, stay fresher, and treat yourself to our rejuvenating space for a much-deserved recharge every time the hair grows back! 





 











waxon - waxoffschedule your waxing appointment in seattle today!

 

if you are considering getting a wax or waxing service in capitol hill, or seattle get in touch with our team and we’ll help you explore and compare our top services. from body waxing to the best eyebrow and lash style that lasts for longer, we can’t wait to revitalize your look or brighten your skin today!

 






current events   stay tuned for upcoming events! instagram  /  facebook  /  twitter  /  yelp﻿




















waxon home



dashboard



secondary banner



book your appointment



seo content home



location + social











    belltown
  




    capitol hill
  





waxon
521 15th avenue east,
seattle, wa, 98112,
united states
2067696922
waxonspallc@gmail.com


hours
mon 10am - 7pm
tue 10am - 10pm
wed 10am - 10pm
thu 10am - 10pm
fri 10am - 7pm
sat 10am - 7pm
sun 10am - 7pm


 









  

belltown: (206) 267-2929  i capitol hill: (206) 726-8655email: waxonspallc@gmail.com



homebook your appointmentcontactpoliciessitemap




copyright © 2023. waxon. all rights reserved.









