





















department of animal sciences at rutgers sebs
















skip navigation









rutgers–new brunswick
myrutgers
search rutgers







department of animal sciences 


search this site

search this site


search



×





menu
















main menu

about us
undergraduate program
graduate program
personnel
news and events
research
employment opportunities
student organizations
alumni
support the department








welcome
the department of animal sciences, with strong roots in the land grant tradition,  has as its mission to improve the health and well-being of animals, including  humans, through integration of teaching, research, and outreach. our department  aspires to be a global leader in training the next generation of scholars in  the areas of comparative endocrinology and integrative physiology, equine science, and companion and laboratory animal science.
farm tours available
the department of animal sciences has developed a farm tour program aimed  at guiding small groups of children and/or adults around the cattle, goat, horse,  pig, and sheep facilities on sheepfold lane.
animal sciences update newsletter
in our department newsletter, animal sciences update (2023 - 2024), we reflect on the accomplishments of our students, faculty, staff, and alumni during the past year and look ahead. thanks to all who contributed ideas, stories, photos, and/or editorial assistance!
alumni and friends
we  would love to hear from you! send us your story or a photo (with a detailed  caption) for our website and/or next newsletter. see our department facebook page, the  news and events webpage and the current issue of animal science update for  recent accomplishments of our students, faculty and staff.
support animal science
your  generous support of our department will help us maintain the excellence of our  undergraduate program and strengthen our graduate training programs. whether  you choose to support animal sciences scholarships, graduate fellowships, or  our academic excellence fund, your contribution is greatly appreciated. in  addition, when the rutgers annual giving fund contacts you, please consider  earmarking all or part of your gift to the department of animal sciences.
to make a gift, please visit our giving page.
warmest regards,
nicholas bello, chair
  dept. of animal sciences 

 





follow us!



seminars
sara campbell, phd
		  associate professor
		  department of kinesiology and health
rutgers university
"exercise, eating, and estrogen: what in the gut is going on?"
february 28, 2025
          9:00 am 
          foran hall 138a
for more information, please contact dr. carey williams
spring 2025 schedule









 
 
 
 





contact

						department of animal sciences
						school of environmental and biological sciences
						rutgers, the state university of new jersey
						84 lipman drive
						new brunswick, nj 08901-8525
bartlett hall, george h. cook campus


848-932-9100

webmaster: animalsci@sebs.rutgers.edu


related units

rutgers, the state university of new jersey
rutgers–new brunswick
rutgers school of environmental and biological sciences
rutgers new jersey agricultural experiment station
executive dean of agriculture & natural resources









copyright © 2024 rutgers, the state university of new jersey
rutgers university is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers web sites to: accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier or provide feedback form.









