






stoneville cotton seed varieties | seeds | agriculture | basf
































































crops | agriculture | basf





cereals




corn




cotton




canola




grapes




potatoes




rice




soy




tree nuts




view all







products





fungicides




herbicides




insecticides




seeds




seed treatment




rice systems




view all







agronomics





showcase plots




pathfinder




plant health index




revx fields




stewardship education




grow smart advantage




grow smart live




financing




retailer finder




seed x yields







about basf ag solutions





who we are




news releases




basf innovations in agriculture 




stories from the field




community relations





basf safety scouts




educational resources




basf strategic partners – alumni and supporters groups







basf sustainability




hiring and recruitment




professional & specialty solutions







basf sustainability





basf sustainability




sustainable pathways




sustainable technologies




advocacy




our responsibility                                                                            




low carbon-intensity crops





lcic retailers




lcic ethanol producers










product labels









          search
        

          
        










































fibermax overview


axant flex


yield results


crop protection
























farming & crop protection





 
			
            	crops | agriculture | basf 
            
            
		

 
			
            	products 
            
            
		

 
			
            	agronomics 
            
            
		

 
			
            	about basf ag solutions 
            
            
		

 
			
            	basf sustainability 
            
            
		

 
			
            	product labels 
            
            
		





















...





home




agriculture




agriculture




farming & crop protection




products




seeds





...































                stoneville® cotton
            



for over century, stoneville cotton has created seed innovations engineered to come up stronger and yield higher. like our new axant™ flex herbicide tolerance technology,1 cotton’s first quad-stacked herbicide trait – made so you can protect yield potential down the path ahead. stoneville’s legendary commitment to innovation keeps your family’s legacy and our industry healthy for years to come. 







			
			
				
				explore varieties
			
		


























                benefits of stoneville cotton
            

















game-changing, high-quality genetics

basf cotton varieties originate in the industry’s largest and most diverse germplasm pool. with more genetic diversity, stoneville cotton seed is proven to deliver strong agronomic performance and yield potential, paired with industry-leading trait packages.




















cotton that holds its own

stoneville cotton seed varieties include the most comprehensive stacked herbicide-tolerant trait technology available with hppd resistance, root-knot nematode control and reniform nematode resistance built in.




















reliable performance & dependability

stoneville’s strong emergence and seedling vigor help cotton crops perform their best from planting to harvest by overcoming weather and pest challenges for improved yield potential and excellent cotton fiber quality.















                     
    














			
			
				
				stoneville varieties
			
		

			
			
				
				protecting yield potential
			
		

			
			
				
				axant flex technology
			
		

















           
    









           
    












                stoneville cotton varieties
            

stoneville has a legacy of innovation, helping growers get more value out of every cotton acre. we continue to develop strong varieties and traits for today’s and future generations of cotton growers. now, with axant flex technology available in select stoneville varieties for the 2025 growing season, stoneville cotton has even more to offer.


















one new stoneville variety is now available with axant flex technology







show all varieties

show more




           
    














connect with your local rep
get product advice and consultation from your basf representative.
 


x

enter zip code or city




providing a zip code matches you with the best basf representatives.







































                protecting yield potential
            



stoneville’s hard-working genetics combined with the industry’s first quad-stacked trait technology maximizes yield potential and protects against tough-to-control, increasingly resistant pests, weeds, nematodes and insects. 










































                cotton’s first quad-stacked herbicide trait
            

new for the 2024 growing season, axant flex technology offers flexible and comprehensive control of resistant weeds. 








					
					learn more about axant flex technology
					
				
			











































                high-performance weed control
            

maximize weed control and help minimize resistance with the basf portfolio of knockdown and residual herbicides. 








					
					strengthen your post-emergence approach
					
				
			




















































                nematode & disease control
            

native traits help protect yield potential from tough-to-control and increasingly resistant pests and diseases. 










































                insect trait technology
            

three-gene lepidopteran resistance decreases the likelihood that additional worm controls will be needed. 
























downloads & resources












					
					variety comparison table (pdf)
					
				
			









					
					insect resistance management guide
					
				
			



























                related products
            





























axant™ flex technology


this revolutionary trait package is the latest innovation for cotton growers with the most comprehensive herbicide trait package that will enable future weed control flexibility in the future. paired with the superior native traits in fibermax® and stoneville® cottonseed, axanttm flex technology can help cotton growers experience higher yield potential.






					
					learn more
					
				
			



































e3® sustainable cotton


e3 sustainable cotton improves cotton traceability and connects the entire cotton supply chain, from farmers to brands, retailers and consumers.






					
					learn more
					
				
			




























          
    














           
    




















stay informed.


sign up for our newsletter and be at the forefront of the latest innovations in agriculture.







































			
			
				
				sign up
			
		































           
    










have more questions?







					
					contact our customer care team: (855) 946-3033
					
				
			




					
					contact our customer care team: customercare@basfsupport.com
					
				
			














          
    



always read and follow label directions. axant is a trademark and stoneville is a registered trademark of basf. © 2023 basf corporation.  
 
1availability of cottonseed containing the axant flex technology for the 2024 growing season and beyond is subject to many factors, and such seed may not be available in all cotton-growing areas. commercial sales of cottonseed containing the axant flex technology will be subject to contractual terms and conditions and stewardship obligations, which may include, among other requirements, audit rights, liquidated damages applicable to growers, and restrictions on where the crop resulting from such seed may be sold, transferred and/or exported. alite 27 herbicide (epa reg. no. 7969-433) is not registered for use on isoxaflutole-tolerant cotton nor available for sale for such use. information on using alite 27 herbicide on isoxaflutole-tolerant cotton is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended to promote the sale of this product. any sale of alite 27 herbicide after registration is obtained for use on isoxaflutole-tolerant cotton shall be based solely on the epa-approved product label, and any claims regarding product safety and efficacy shall be addressed solely by the label. alite 27 herbicide is currently not available for sale.  
 
alite 27 herbicide is a us epa restricted-use pesticide.  




print























share with us


twitter


facebook


instagram









find a rep
product finder
contact us
about us
data policy
careers




sustainability
innovation
diversity
news & media
basf global
executive profiles




why join basf
my career
news releases
multimedia
media statements
corporate initiatives




we create chemistry 
strategy & organization
what’s new
management and instruments
our research
our innovations




investor relations
change for climate
global agricultural solutions








notice under california consumer protection act (“ccpa”)

























