
















































































children’s health – mu health care



























      skip to main content
    





 






patient login


make an appointment


refer a patient


careers












find a doctor


conditions & treatments


locations


your visit


pay your bill


about us






giving


patient stories


contact us


for referring providers






patient login


make an appointment


refer a patient


careers









 


573-882-4141










 






view all 
conditions & treatments

  

no results


view all 
doctors

 

















no results




view all 
locations

 



no results


view all 
pages

  

no results














close

system-wide phone outages

we are currently experiencing outages with our phone system. we are working toward a solution and will update as soon as possible.
check back for updates








 





find a doctor


conditions & treatments


locations


your visit


pay your bill


about us



more 



main more

close



giving


patient stories


contact us


for referring providers










 











children’s health














breadcrumb
home  /  
                        conditions & treatments  /  
                        children’s health



our children's health teams 
 


adolescent medicine




 


cancer and blood disorder care




 


cardiology




 


dermatology




 


diabetes




 


emergency care




 


ear, nose and throat




 


eye and vision




 


inpatient rehabilitation




 


neonatology




 


nephrology




 


orthopaedics




 


pediatric neurosciences




 


pediatric weight management




 


plastic surgery




 


primary care




 


psychiatry




 


pulmonary medicine




 


sleep medicine




 


surgery

















appointments





573-875-9000






patient login

appointments








		
		referrals: call 888-884-6836








find care
doctorslocations



in this section

children’s health



your child's visit


childhood immunizations


child life program & music therapy


donate to children's hospital


safe kids columbia program


tiger tot mommies


journeys - pediatric complex care team


patient and family advisory council



meet the team















whether your child has a case of the sniffles or a chronic disease such as cystic fibrosis, you can count on the children’s health team at children’s hospital. we are here to help so your child can focus on being a kid.
taking care of children isn’t just something we do – it’s all we do. we know that nothing is more precious than your child’s health, so our team of kid-focused experts is here to give the best, most advanced care your child needs close to home.

the academic advantage
mu health care is the only academic health system in the region. that means our children’s health providers are also researchers and professors, and they all work together to provide the highest level of care to patients and families. from routine check-ups with your pediatrician to specialized services for complex diseases, illnesses and injuries, we are proud to offer expert care in more than 25 pediatric subspecialties, making us the largest and most specialized pediatric care team in central missouri.
collaborative care
to ensure effective and seamless care, your child's care team will collaborate to develop his or her treatment plan. for certain complex chronic conditions, your child might see multiple specialists during one single appointment. you’ll find this coordination saves you time and is more convenient than making separate appointments with multiple specialists. it also means you and your family receive consistent information, coordinated communications and ongoing updates about your child’s care.
our team will also work closely with your family to make sure you understand your child’s treatment plan, and we keep your child’s primary care physician informed along the way, respecting the relationship you have established with your pediatrician.
support services


our child life specialists in action

 
a hospital stay and medical treatments can be scary and confusing for your child. that’s why we offer support services — such as our child life and music therapy programs — to help make the experience less stressful and more comfortable. 
our journeys – pediatric complex care team is also here to support the physical and emotional needs of children and families that are navigating complex or life-threatening injuries and illnesses. this includes helping children manage symptoms, set recovery goals and plan for long-term disease management.
child advocacy
our medical staff is involved with child advocacy. we actively participate in:

legislative issues that impact kids’ health.
abuse issues and legal protections related to children.
connecting children and families with community resources to give them the best chance for successful care plans.
coordinating schools and teachers to make sure proper support structures are in place to handle a student’s complex chronic illnesses.

 


related conditions & treatments

adolescent medicine
chest wall deformities
down syndrome
emergency care for kids
gastrostomy and feeding access program
hyperbaric oxygen therapy
juvenile diabetes
neonatology
pediatric anesthesiology
pediatric cancer
pectus carinatum
pectus excavatum
pediatric cardiology
pediatric dermatology
pediatric development and behavior
pediatric ent (ear, nose and throat)
pediatric epilepsy
pediatric eye care
pediatric gastroenterology
pediatric infectious diseases
pediatric inpatient rehabilitation
pediatric nephrology
pediatric neurology
pediatric neurosurgery
pediatric orthopaedics
pediatric plastic surgery
pediatric primary care
pediatric psychiatry
pediatric pulmonary medicine
pediatric sleep medicine
pediatric surgery
pediatric surgical services
pediatric urology
pediatric vascular anomalies
pediatric weight management
sickle cell disease
aerodigestive program












kid reporter q&a with dr. laura hesemann









kid reporter q&a with dr. rony marwan












children's miracle network


 




view more info






















our stories


view all stories








 




team kaylee: a roster built for success







 




from labored breathing to ball of energy: nevaeh’s story









 




buzzy makes allergy shots easier for kids







 




ent health for kids: 4 things you should know









 




saving nola’s smile: surgery helps baby with biliary atresia







 




understanding how rsv, respiratory syncytial virus, affects children









 




pediatrician continues to answer call to serve







 




chest surgery motivates teen to try new challenges









 




3 things to consider when choosing a doctor for your child







 




finding the freedom to be avery with an alternative scoliosis surgery









 




vbt procedure corrects scoliosis, helps wrestler get back on the mat







 




team william: embracing life with a rare disease









 




children’s hospital helps rambunctious girl get back on the beam







 




how to play with your child at any age (and aid their development while you’re at it)









 




closing the gap: eli’s esophageal atresia story







 







best age-appropriate gifts — according to child development experts









 







‘tis the season: 5 things to know about rsv and young children







 




twin sisters, one sweet success: allison’s journey to beating mono mono odds









 




cheese and expertise: fixing kora jean’s duodenal atresia







 







worried your child has autism? 5 things to know









 




wrist and reward: getting marvi back on the bars







 







did you know: growing pains aren’t real — 5 facts about pain in growing kids









 




3 tips for getting through the baby formula shortage 







 




playing games and helping kids is the best way to spend a day
















 


573-882-4141


 
 
 
 










patients & families


contact us
billing, insurance, and financial assistance
giving
cheer cards
patient stories
your visit








additional information


for referring providers 
employee intranet
media/newsroom
social media
feedback
price transparency
surprise billing protections
privacy policy








affiliates


university of missouri
clinical affiliates
mu school of medicine
mu college of health sciences
mu school of nursing
capital region medical center








quick links


mizzou pharmacy
mizzou quick care
telehealth
urgent care
emergency room
lab and blood draw locations
patient portal information













copyright © 2024 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information.
equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro disabled & veteran employer.
for website information, contact the mu health care communications. disclaimer





























