



grand strand information technologies - audio, video, home theater, web design & hosting








grand strand information technologies
leaders in custom audio, video and web development.






 









custom audio & video solutions
we can design the perfect home theater for you!



grand strand information technologies is an authorized dealer for a complete line of audio, video and home automation equipment. we offer a custom and personal experience that you will not find online or in big box stores.
contact us for you home entertainment needs. being an authorized dealer means that you get the full warranty from the manufacturer unlike many web sites that sell "gray" market goods.
browse our brief list of brands on the right. if you don't see what you are looking for, contact us because we probably carry it. all at great price with a personal touch.


web development & consulting
one of the oldest web design & hosting companies on the grand strand!


this is where grand strand information technologies got its start. with almost 20 years of web hosting, design & consulting, we are one of the oldest web companies on the grand strand.
our offerings range from basic consulting and design to enterprise level hosting through multiple data centers located throughout the country. our level of service and quality of equipment help to separate us from the competition. we would have not been in business for almost 2 decades with providing a superior product at an economical value for our clients.
contact us today for you web and online presence needs!







about git
grand strand information technologies is a pioneer in the internet web hosting in the myrtle beach area.â  git is one of the oldest hosting services in the region dating back to 1996 with state of the art equipment unparalleled by anyone in the state. â  we cater to creating a professional and reliable internet presence for the grand strand and its businesses. we have expanded our offerings to now include sales and installation of consumer audio video and home automation equipment.






contact us
send us an email:
sales@grand-strand.com 


authorized dealer for:

marantz
denon
panasonic
sharp
samsung
universal remote control
audio authority
tivo
niles
infocus
jvc professional
... and many more!



world class web hosting

cloud hosting
e commerce solutions 
microsoft exchange hosting
microsoft sharepoint hosting
virtual private servers
managed servers
linux, freebsd & windows
search engine optimization (seo)
multiple data centers
... and much more!












copyright © 1996-2012 grand strand information technologies
free website template by justdreamweaver.com




