










mosites construction and development company




























toggle navigation











employee login







company


history
leadership team
safety
sustainability
awards
careers


building division
heavy division

portfolio


housing
commercial/retail
healthcare
educational
industrial/concrete
liturgical
heavy


development
contact











through generations of success, we build…satisfied clients
contact us 




through generations of success, we build…reputational excellence
contact us 




through generations of success, we build…our communities
contact us 








construction management & general contracting
this is where it all begins.
construction is set to begin. regardless of the method of delivery; from construction management to design/build to general contracting to self-performance of trades, mosites is there every step with you. our team of experienced builders collaborates closely with you and the entire project team to make your vision a reality.


construction management
design/build
preconstruction
concrete
general contracting

learn more



























heavy construction

working in the public sector, our projects have contributed to the growth of western pennsylvania and the surrounding areas. specializing in new construction and rehabilitation of roads, bridges and tunnels, mosites heavy division has grown to be an industry leader, while building a reputation of high quality work.

learn more




greenfield bridge replacement project

eswp 2017 transportation project of the year
over 100,000 man-hours;
zero lost time accidents
 












real estate development & property management


mosites development company's interests encompass a diverse portfolio of over two million square feet of space, including office buildings, national restaurant chain leases, retail shopping centers, light industrial and warehouse facilities. in all cases of development, construction is performed by mosites. relationships with prominent clients include westinghouse, bayer corporation, pnc bank and wal-mart, and many others.
learn more










looking for an office or retail space? view photos, floor plans, and details for available spaces. need your space customized for your unique needs? build out options available!
view vacancies










explore our building  & heavy project portfolio
view all projects






















































cmu - ansys hall

four-story, 30,000 sf facility serving students and faculty who want to improve innovation design through physics-based simulation tools.
view project details



cmu - forbes & beeler residence hall

four-story, 113,000 sf residence hall and public market supporting carnegie mellon university's focus on creating housing communities
view project details



digital foundry at new kensington

15,044 sf state-of-the-art digital innovation and manufacturing maker space utilizing cutting-edge technologies to develop skills and businesses.
view project details



st. alexis new church

new 33,524 sf church provides parishioners a beautiful atmosphere for worship.
view project details



university of pittsburgh upper campus central utility plant

currently underway, the new central utility plant will supplement the capacity of three existing campus chiller plants.
view project details



wvum women & children's tower

a new 285,000 sf, eight-story, free-standing hospital adjacent to the existing southeast tower on ruby memorial hospital's campus.
view project details


















































mosites construction & development company
400 mosites way, suite 100
pittsburgh 15205
phone412-923-2255
fax 412-788-1169

 


division links

construction management
design/build
preconstruction services
general contracting
self-perform work
heavy
development



quick links

contact us
careers
activity page



latest projects






copyright 2024mosites construction & development company  |  website by blue archer

privacy policy
disclosures









