


certified fraud examiner, irs audit help, fraud detection services
























 









       marcel
                    v. kuper


                   cpa -
                    pfs - cfe





 

500
                  w palatine road - wheeling, 
                  illinois 60090 - (847) 215-8630 - fax: (847) 215-8632









certified
              public accountant  personal financial specialist  certified fraud examiner












 home
financial planning 
business services
resource center
site map 







.











marcel v. kuper, cpa, certified public accountant.
              certified public accounting firm specializing in personal financial
              planning, business tax planning














 site map


 cpa/pfs


 certified fraud audit  


 financial planning 


 planning
                    strategies


 retirement
                  planning 


 estate
                  planning


 tax
                  planning


 life
                  insurance


 business
                  services


 buy/sell
                  agreements


 401(k)


 pension
                  plans


 profit
                  sharing plans


 irs audit
                  help


 irs collections
                  help


  


 file
                  map





  
  
  




m.v. kuper  cpa  pfs  personal financial specialist





m.v. kuper, p.c. is a
                  certified public accounting firm located in wheeling,
                  illinois.  the firm was founded on october 18, 1980, by marcel
                  v. kuper.  in addition to being a cpa, marcel has been
                  accredited as a specialist in the areas of personal financial
                  planning, certified fraud examination and quality review. as a certified fraud examiner, he is a specialist in the detection and deterrence of a wide variety of white collar crimes, from discovering employees or executives who misappropriate company assets to assisting investors who are defrauded in the course of commercial transactions. lawyers and new clients often contact us for irs audit help as well.


the
                  firm holds memberships with the american institute of certified
                  public accountants, illinois cpa society, wisconsin institute of
                  certified public accountants, aicpa personal financial planning
                  division, aicpa tax division, association of certified fraud
                  examiners, and the financial planning association.  the firm services close-held
                  organizations and individuals, domestic and foreign.  financial and tax planning
life time planning, inc. is a
                    national investment management and financial planning firm.  we
                    offer complete financial and tax planning services for individuals,
                    families and businesses.
at life time planning, inc., we
                    develop customized portfolios reflecting each client’s tax status,
                    need for income, risk tolerance, and rate of return requirements. 
                    in developing these portfolios, we choose from a wide range of
                    investment alternatives designed to help clients reach their goals. 
                    we are fee-only advisors; there are no commissions or products sold.
we value close client relationships
                    and provide highly individualized planning services.  at life
                    time planning, inc. we believe that quality financial planning and
                    investment management will enable you to deal effectively with your
                    current concerns and with the opportunities that our changing
                    economy will create.  we are committed to developing clear
                    plans of action for managing your financial resources to help you
                    reach your goals.
we believe our fee-only approach, tax expertise, and in-depth understanding of corporate
                    benefit plans, including stock options, provide a strong combination
                    to help you plan for your future.
we welcome the
                    opportunity to help you reach your goals.
for more information
                    please feel free to browse around our web site.  we are always
                    happy to answer any questions, or to schedule a consultation
                    contact: email us or call us at 847-215-8630.
 
 
 














  wall
                    street journal


  how to start business?


  what
                  is cpa-pfs?


  what
                  is "fee only"


  privacy
                  policy 


   


   


 
 
 





marcel v. kuper, cpa, certified public accountant.
              certified public accounting firm specializing in personal financial
              planning, business tax planning



home | site
              map | financial
              planning | cpa/pfs | planning
              strategies | retirement
              planning | estate
              planning | tax
              planning | insurance
              | business
              services


buy/sell
              agreements | due
              diligence | 401(k) | pension
              plans | profit
              sharing plans | irs audit
              help | irs levy/liens
      help | fraud
              audit




   




 








 






       
      








nothing on this web site
              should be construed as providing specific financial, investment,
              insurance, business, tax or legal advice.  you should consult with a
              cpa, accountant, tax advisor, insurance representative, or legal counsel
              prior to making such decisions.  we
              do not collect, sell, trade or distribute any personal information, of
              visitors to this web site.  if you choose to email marcel
              kuper at life time planning, inc.
              for further information, any information you disclose will be treated as
              confidential.


m.v. kuper p.c.


500 w palatine road    wheeling,  illinois 60090


(847) 215-8630  fax: (847) 215-8632


copyright ©
            2002-2006, m.v. kuper
            p.c all rights reserved     







seo web design - proceed innovative


