

my gary carter tribute site - thekid8











click below to see all that this site has to offer!




why a gary carter web page




myhall of famereview(s)




check out my latest questthe bbwaa autograph quest




make sure you check out mybi-monthly contest!!!




gary's baseball cards
my current wantlist




magazine articles about this site and my collection




if you like polls click here for some gary carter related ones




gary's career stats




complete listing of every homerun gary hit!




gary compared to the other hall of fame catchers




hall of fame results




"your"gary carter memories




gary carter park




click here to e-mail me




check out these links




always remember9-11-01















it took 6 long years for the bbwaa to do the right thing.
on january 7, 2003 gary was elected to the national baseball hall of fame!!
gary collected 387 votes for a 78.02% (a player needs 75% to be elected). also elected with gary were:
eddie murray 
gary, your dedication, drive and how you played the game made you a player very much deserving of this honor.
 as a voice of many fans i say thank you for the memories and congrats on this day. i'll see you at cooperstown!!



click here for my review of the 3 gary carter hall of fame inductions that i was lucky to attend!!!


~~ click here for the current national baseball hall of fame results ~~


~~ gary has established a great web site!! ~~
 
 
 

click on the image above to be connected to
"the gary carter foundation"











                                the reason these cards have chunks taken out of them is to show an example of a unique contest.click on the images to the right or left and check out my contest where you can win some of my gary carter related stuff!!!!






~ i finally did it!!! ~


yes odd stuff ~ click on the above image and you now can check out some of gary's odder cards/stuff!




have you seen the new cards issued of gary?
 since y2k there have been over 150+ (and climbing) standard cards issued!
click on the image above (or click here) to see most of them.








click here for magazine articles on this site and my gary carter collection!!!


        


please check out my current baseball cardwantlist pageand contact me if you have any cards for sale or trade.









i need some help in my never ending search for ticket/stubs for games that gary has hit a homerun.
please click * here *
for a page that will list every game.


          


check out thegary carter cover pageit captures all(?) of the publications that gary's face has graced a covercheck it out!!!











        


voice your opinionclick here to go to the polling page!











