









thermex-thermatron | industrial mw,rf, and thermal systems












































click here to enable the accessibility widget for this website (can also be opened using the alt+9 key)











menu button







        industries
                    



                all industries
            

                    advanced textiles
                

                    aerospace
                

                    automotive
                

                    composites
                

                    medical
                

                    packaging
                

                    other industries
                



        thermalab
            


        products
            


        parts
            


        rf contract manufacturing
            


        rf tooling
            


        about us
                    



                all about us
            

                    blog
                

                    support
                



        contact
            















celebrating 85 years of rf and microwave excellence!



              our history
            










the industry leader in rf welding and sealing equipment, industrial microwave systems, and industrial presses.
thermex-thermatron is the industry leader because we bring over 80 years of expertise to the table to help you improve manufacturing quality and productivity, to help address new production challenges. the result is a better engineered product that has been customized to the unique needs of your industry or company.

      learn more
    












medical

thermex-thermatron provides a range of radio frequency heating systems that help manufacturers produce high-quality medical products more efficiently. by adopting thermatron systems, manufacturers can make specialized medical products that improve safety and comfort.















aerospace

thermex-thermatron industrial rf systems can be utilized to produce aerospace products. by incorporating thermex equipment, manufacturers can make specialized aerospace components that have improved safety, density, and quality. it’s an easy, cost-effective way to ensure the best and highest quality products for aircraft projects.















automotive

thermex-thermatron’s automotive manufacturing equipment contains many features that keep workers in full control including automation, material handling systems, and easy maintenance features.  it only takes minimal training to use these powerful machines enabling your business to get up and running quickly.















thermalab

thermex-thermatron operates thermalab, an in-house laboratory, to give clients a chance to test our equipment on a fully-dedicated manufacturing floor. clients get to witness firsthand how microwave and/or radio frequency heating will benefit their products. 














over 80 years of expertise
our microwave product line includes:
industrial microwave generators | industrial microwave dryers | lab/pilot microwave systems | conveyorized industrial microwave systems
our radio frequency product line includes:
rf welding and rf heat sealers | rf ovens | rf dryers | rf preheaters | rf pultrusion preheaters | hydraulic rf presses
our industrial press product line includes:
industrial h presses | industrial thermal presses

            learn more
          



















thermex-thermatron is now the north american and latin american distributor for fiab traveling welders
for over 70 years, fiab traveling welders have been used in textile manufacturing processes from stretched ceilings to oil booms.  fiab traveling welders have output power ranges from 8 to 26 kw.

          learn more
        














thermex customers are found all over the world











products
rf welders and rf heat sealersrf seal and cut pressesrf hydraulic pressestraveling weldersindustrial microwave generatorsindustrial microwave systemsmaterial handling systemsconveyor belt welderscutting systemsrf preheater systemsindustrial press systemsindustrial rf systems



industries
aerospaceautomotivemedicalpackagingother industries



links
thermalabsupportcontactabout us

















helpful linksrf weldingtraveling weldersindustrial microwave generatorsindustrial presses



for thermex-thermatron equipment:dean mancusodirector of sales(502) 916-8972(502) 243-5636sales@thermex-thermatron.com



for fiab and oteman equipment:traci evlingdirector of business development(502) 916-8981(904) 662-2169traci@thermex-thermatron.com



thermex-thermatron systems10501 bunsen waysuite 102louisville, ky 40299(502) 493-1299






















          website design by hatfield media
        






hatfield media logo and website link


 | 
 | 
 | 













yes
x







 






