










home - bia of okaloosa-walton counties, inc.


























































 
 

















skip to content










(850) 863-5107 
 











join the associationmember login











facebook





instagram





youtube icon






































menu 
homejoin us why join the bia? membership application committee sign upmember directoryevents events list parade of homesconsumer information protect your investmentabout us about bia board of directors contact us








 







 





the building industry association of okaloosa-walton counties

















professional organization of builders, developers, and associates affiliated with the florida home builders association and the national association of home builders.












					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				






















mark your calendar

























events calendar icon









view calendar

























learn more
















 
parade of homes 
the annual parade of homes is the single largest and most important showcase of new homes during the year.
learn more 














 
committee opportunities 
get the most from your membership and increase your networking opportunites! join a 2024 bia committee today.
learn more 














 
advocacy 
the bia’s cornerstone is its governmental affairs, political action and legal defense programs designed to promote and protect homeownership opportunities in northwest florida.
learn more 



















3 memberships in 1!






you will become one of over...

close to 200 local bia members
800 local builder associations in the nation
10,000 plus of florida home builders association (fhba), & the national association of home builders (nahb) in washington, d.c.








join today


















thank you to our sponsors




















                                diamond                            












                                silver                            












                                bronze                            












                                bronze                            












                                bronze                            





next
previous









 












© 2025 bia of okaloosa-walton counties, inc.
 | 
site by growthzone












builders, developers, and associates




















map icon




1980 lewis turner blvdfort walton beach, fl 32547 










phone icon




850-863-5107 










mail icon




jgf@biaow.org 










facebook





instagram





youtube icon












join the associationmember loginnahb member discountsfhba member discountsdepartment of business & professional regulationsokaloosa county building departmentwalton county building department








proudly affiliated with the florida home builders association and the national association of home builders.



























                                nahb                            























 © 2025 bia of okaloosa-walton counties, inc..  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 





















