





 

need spiritual guidance on your path of conscious evolution































































727.434.7433
shivanti@3rdeyeguidance.com















home
about

about 3rd eye
about shivanti
testimonials
session request form


sessions

spiritual mri
chakra reading
aura portrait
pastlife reading
shamanic journeying
remote healing
$10 mini-reading
shamanic sound healing-st. pete, fl


products

sound healing music
guided journeys


events
blog
contact us
 





select page


 




 
















spiritual guidance for those walking the path of conscious evolution
listen to audio intro
meet your guide shivantirequest a mini-reading $10

















  spiritual guidance sessions for:
those who walk the path of a spiritual explorerseekers of deeper truths about life path & purposeexplorers of higher consciousnesspsychedelic researchers & healers of all kinds
our spiritual mri is ideal for those who are on a dedicated path of spiritual awakening as a tool for deepening and transforming deeply ingrained patterns or resistances. this intensive series of explorations are for those who are wanting to deepen their explorations of deep meditation and shamanic journeying. the mri can also support those who are working with entheogens/psychedelics and want to take deeper dives into these magical realms of transformation. the spiritual mri can also be a valuable source of information following any form of psychedelic therapy treatments.

it is recommended that you begin with our mri to get the complete overview of your spiritual journey. following this, you can request individual readings as guided to follow your progress.

request free consult











comprehensive diagnostics of bio-energetic matrix
life changing information
powerful transformational process
aligns with those on conscious evolution & ascension journey






the spiritual mri provides you with a complete scan of your bio-energetic matrix to see what imprints are currently affecting your physical/emotional/mental/spiritual bodies. shivanti will dive deeply into your entire etheric field to see what is happening on all the various dimensional levels of your being. this intensive session includes the following:
chakra reading • aura portrait • pastlife reading • spiritual guidance • shamanic journeying • dna activation • remote healing
more info












understanding your personal chakra system is as important as developing the awareness of how the other complex body systems within your bio-energetic matrix function. once you have an understanding of the relationships that each chakra has to your overall personality makeup, the better you will be able to understand why you are experiencing or attracting certain situations in your life. you can begin to see your life’s scenarios from the various combinations of frequency patterns and how each create harmony or dissonance with the world around.
more info








core level readings of 12 main chakras
access more energy & flow states
uncover patterns and blocks
learn to balance & center more quickly & easily















holographic perspective of auric field
understand energetic imprints impacting your life
reveal pastlife imprints
learn how to manage energy body flows







viewing your energy field from a holographic perspective enables you to see energy patterns that are in development within your auric field. shivanti will view your energy bodies from the first dimension through to the 15th to pick up any patterns that are currently important for you to become aware of. these patterns can reveal areas of concern in the physical body as well as being able to see your higher guidance support teams here to assist you in your evolutionary journey. shivanti focuses on core level issues and their surrounding energy patterns to assist you in moving to the next level of your ascending journey.
more info










exploring your past lives is an important step in learning about your life’s motivations, talents, desires and aligning with your higher life purpose — ultimately answering the question of “who am i?” these pastlife readings open up an opportunity to understand behaviors and thought patterns, both positive and negative, that you have reestablished resonance with this lifetime from emotionally charged past lifetime events. it is an important aspect of spiritual growth to understand why you attract certain things into your life repeatedly so that you can clear the karmic threads and move forward at a more accelerated pace in your evolutionary journey. by becoming aware of these events, you can begin to unravel answers to many questions as to why you act or do things in certain ways.
more info








understand repeating patterns
clarify relationships from your past
release hidden talents & abilities
preempt negative health situations












shivanti guides you into the shamanic journeying experience by guiding you into the magical realms of the lower world, middle world and upper world. each realm contains certain vibrational qualities that offer you specific knowledge, guidance and healing which is accessible to a shamanic traveller by entering this altered state of consciousness. the shamanic state is between waking and asleep state and is attained by developing a focused state of attention. it is an advanced form of meditation where the goal is to direct energy flows for the purpose of gaining knowledge and wisdom about your personal path of evolution.
more info








become familiar with the lower, middle and upper world
learn how to navigate energy realms via intent
explore recapitulation to clear through blocks and resistances
transform pastlife imprints and recapture lost power
recover lost pieces of yourself via soul retrieval















experience deep healing & rejuvenation
safety in your own sacred space
schedule session time at your convenience
enjoy extended time following session
release blocked emotions or pain with privacy 
enhances you and your space
accelerates and increases your light quotient







remote sessions are done very much like a physical session with the exception that the healer and the client are not in the same physical space. these sessions can be very powerful for those who have the sensitivity and the awareness to shift their consciousness beyond the realms of 3d and into alignment with the 5d templates of light. because time and space is not important as well, the session can be received anytime you are ready. you will be notified when the session has completed and an audio recording of the session will be available with information received and any suggested guidance that was received during the session. remote sessions combine reiki style energy healing with clairvoyant/psychic readings and intuitive spiritual guidance. all sessions use the odyssey sound & light temple.
 
more info




 










site maphome
session request form
sessions available

spiritual mri
remote healing
chakra reading
aura portrait
pastlife reading
$10 mini-reading
shamanic journeying


shamanic sound healing – st. pete
contact us
privacy policy


recent posts


what is spiritual guidance vs. psychic readings






follow shivanti on social media . . . 

followfollowfollowfollow



classes & events now available live in virtual reality at muse sound healing temple – vrchat. 







subscribe
* indicates required

email address  *





first name 








 















other projects by shivanti



are you ready to move beyond the basics of dna activation and become a master. join our dnavatar program and expand the teachings and learn how to navigate the ascension journey using our qset soundscapes.







check out our multidimensional qset soundscapes to support your unfolding path of conscious evolution. features music, videos and digital art projects.

visit shivanti’s video art posts on tiktok









 the 3rd eye
©2000-2024 | a division of visionary music & multimedia727-434-7433 • contact shivanti (text only)
disclaimer: (for obvious reasons) the information offered on this site should be considered spiritual in nature and not based in scientific fact. this type of guidance is not recognized to be truth by current medical models and should not replace your doctors opinions. it should be used to compliment any other treatments or therapies you are currently engaged with. you are ultimately responsible for the reality you experience and therefore create. it is intended for spiritual explorers on the leading edge of consciousness explorations.privacy policy



 












pin it on pinterest





































share this





facebook





twitter





pinterest





reddit





linkedin





gmail





 





















