






salisbury student housing, college rentals / salisbury housing






























410.749.0010 102 onley road, salisbury, md 21804






  
menu 



available properties

the seasons
cynthia place
the nest
the perch
houses
all rentals


rental application
parents
residents

pay rent
maintenance request
tenant events


salisbury area
contact us




























next semester rentals available. going fast!
salisbury housing is one of the top providers of student housing on the delmarva peninsula. our townhomes and single family houses offer an affordable and exciting living experience. all of our properties are within walking distance of salisbury university and provide all the amenities you're looking for. friendly management and a quick maintenance staff are available to make sure your student housing expectations are met and exceeded.
salisbury housing is locally owned and managed and is proud to say when you select a salisbury housing home or townhouse, you can live worry free knowing nothing is more important to us than our residents. we know how stressful the academic years can be, so we make it our number one priority to ensure that when class is out, you can look forward to a stress free living experience.
all of our properties are within walking distance of salisbury university, so you'll never have to worry about purchasing a parking pass again. with an array of dining options just a few blocks away, the choice of what to eat is always yours. in the mood for a good workout? multiple fitness centers including, university fitness club, are only a jog away. the choices are never ending when you select salisbury housing as your new home.
with several student housing options available, we have something for everyone! for more information on our available properties, feel free to browse the website or contact one of our leasing specialists. call us today 410-749-0010!
current rental specials















current tenants
our current tenants can log in for all of benefits salisbury housing has to offer.
pay rent








new tenants
our rental properties are the perfect place to enjoy the off campus life.
view rentals














parent's corner
we understand that choosing the right housing is an important part of college.
read more
















        i chose salisbury housing because they offered nice and clean places to live. the rent is very affordable and i love being close to campus. since moving in i have found that the managers work really hard to make sure we have a good experience. they are great with college students.
        amonte j.




        salisbury housing has been a tremendously facilitating residence company to work with time and time again. with this senior year coming to a close, i would highly recommend their housing options to fellow undergraduates for semesters to come. overall, the defining characteristics that separate salisbury housing from others include financial flexibility, relatable management staff, and numerous incentives throughout the semester. highly recommend!
        ben b.




        i really enjoy living with salisbury housing! the managers work really well with the students and accommodate their residents. they host awesome resident events like pizza parties, cook outs, and breakfasts. plus they give away lots of prizes and incentives throughout the year. the location is perfect and the managers are always quick to respond to any of my concerns.
        bianca m.




        in the time i've been a tenant of salisbury housing, i've had nothing but positive experiences.  the company is fair, timely, easygoing, and truly knows how to meet the needs of college students. they offer fun community programs that you cannot find with another housing company. i wouldn't choose anyone else!
        erika m.




        salisbury housing is a great place to live! they always respond well to issues. i feel comfortable when any housing concerns occur and the office staff is great and always friendly. our townhouse is in a great location to campus and the recreation field for social interaction and educational purposes. i also can’t wait for warm weather and the court yard cookouts salisbury housing hosts for its residents.
        james o.




        salisbury housing is a great way to live you're college years attending su! i've lived here for two years now and it's been the experience of my life! the managers are easy to talk to about issues you may have and are very thoughtful people!
        josh g.




        salisbury housing had been the best student housing company i have rented from. this company cares about the happiness and safety of their residents. they are extremely fast with responses for questions and requests made. due to the high level of satisfaction i have with this company, i plan to stay with them until i graduate!
        michelle j.




        living with salisbury housing has been a great time! our house is in a great location, the rent is super affordable, the ladies in the office are always sweet and helpful, and i love the resident’s events they host like their pizza parties and breakfast on the go.
        sam h.




        salisbury housing is the most helpful housing company i have ever rented from. they helped me find last minute housing and find a perfect match so that i could also have my pet with me. they work to make sure each tenant is taken care of. they also go out of their way to host different fun events for tenants throughout the year with great food and prizes!!
        allison b.




        salisbury housing is the best option when it comes to off campus-housing. great locations and super affordable!
        desmond c.




        great choice if you’re a student at su very affordable and great staff! always a great experience!
        william h.




        salisbury has been great since i’ve signed a 6-month lease. i’m graduating in december, and they were truly accommodating. all the staff is great and the therman burgers are a must when they have a cookout.
        tyler l.




        such amazing people! my roommate and i are first time renting a house for 2022 fall semester, they were so nice working with us and answering any questions we had. they care about their tenants and want you to have a good living situation
        christina r.




        amazing service. easy to sign very very helpful and cares for tenants
        ben a.











covid-19 notice













back to top











salisbury housing
                        102 onley road
                        salisbury, maryland 21804


















home privacy policy site map copyright ©2015- salisbury housing. all rights reserved.
            



website design by sprout creatives





















