


weiss lake alabama crappie,striper and bass fishing guide





 





















mark collins guide service
since 1993 weiss lake alabama
crappie -         stripers - bass















home










seasons and rates










contact mark and booking










booking calendar










weekly fishing report










habitat sites locations










crappie pictures 2018










2017 crappie pictures










2017 striper pictures










2016 crappie pictures










2016 striper pictures










2015 crappie pictures










2015 striper pictures










2014 crappie pictures










2014 striper pictures










2013 crappie pictures










2013 striper pictures










ft morgan alabama snapper










weiss lake crappie










weiss lake stripers










weiss lake bass










the boat










accommodations










my references










my sponsors










links










photo album

















mark collins guide service on weiss lake and neely henry lake,  alabama

crappie, stripers and bass fishing guide service




 hr


		 

a full time professional fishing guide service for slab crappie , striper's and bass on world famous weiss lake alabama the crappie capital of the world. 
  now offering sunset cruises and eco tours for up to 6 people
the guide service on weiss where the guide does not fish and the clients catch every fish that comes in the boat. i offer unmatched customer service because i spend my time taking care of my clients. fully licensed and insured
follow my facebook page
mark collins
 
 
now available for sale 50 of my proven gps way points for off shore structure for bass, crappie and striper fishing on weiss lake, alabama !


for more info contact ken sturdivant at ken@havefunfishing.com 

 

located in northeast alabama in cherokee county  1 1/2 hours from birmingham alabama and atlanta georgia on the alabama and georgia border.

weiss lake is a 30,200 acre impoundment with 455 miles of shore line. with its acre's of shallow water and many deeper river channels and plenty of cover it is the premier lake in the world for catching slab crappie.
no alcohol allowed, weiss lake is in a dry county
fish cleaning is not included
 












 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
with over 40 years of experience fishing this lake and 27 years as a professional guide with a proven record of catching fish  in varying conditions, i can assure you of a quality trip.
 
 
 
 
for a fishing trip of a lifetime come fish with me on world famous weiss lake alabama the crappie capital of the world ! and striper capital of the south ! 
 
no fish no pay
have fun fishing !
mark collins
256-996-9035
be sure to check out my crappie and stripers picture pages for all my recent pictures 
 
featured in field and stream magazine, november 2016
 
guest 6 times on gary finch outdoors television series
mobile, alabama
www.garyfinchoutdoors.com
 
guest on doug and hugh outdoors television series nashville tn.
 
 
featured 3 times in georgia outdoor news  and alabama out door news magazine
 http://www.gon.com/article.php?id=138&cid=115  
  
  
 















 
  






						


															





															 







website by citymax.com web site builder
















