








soundpost:  violins, violas, cellos, bows, cases, strings, and accessories.






soundpost


site menu:
welcome | 
contact and directions | 




the 'original' soundpost, owned and run by brian cohen and jane walters, a violin, lute and guitar shop located in guildford, surrey, uk. established in 1972, we have now completed 50 years in the trade!  we are makers of international repute of fine stringed instruments. as of 2022, retirement beckons, and what with the  triple obstacles  of covid19, online shopping and old age, the retail shop known as 'soundpost' is now to close.  brian cohen will continue on a limited basis with the making, conservation and some restoration work, trading as 'brian cohen violins', in the same premises. we thank our loyal customers for their support over 5 decades.


(updated october, 2022)
soundpost update:


after 50 years of trading and serving musicians locally and from all around the world, for which we thank our many loyal and wonderful customers, a decision to close the shop has been made, and after enduring covid 19 and the requirement to close to the public, and the unstoppable and inevitable trend ( not by us!) to online shopping, plus old age, we have decided now to close our doors, and offer the residual stock for sale, before finally closing.  

the link below will take you to brian cohen violins, where you will find a list of all available sale items, some at heavily discounted prices. these sale items include cases, strings, accessories, instruments,  mainly antique quality violins, and also some smaller sized violins too. 

also there is a large stock of fine mature maker's wood  for sale, and some tools, including residual stock from the estates of the late david rubio, and michael heale, as well as some of my own large stock of fine wood too. 

this is the  link to  brian cohen violins

 for  personal contact and for new instruments, bows, repairs, rehairs, or conservation work , contact me at  brian cohen violins


more information:
links to the active websites:

 brian cohen violins | 
brian cohen guitars | 
soundantiques: rare and unusual instruments | 

soundpost:


"kreisler- after the recital", original by raudner, 1895. copyright © soundpost.




 · ul7 design · copyright © 2022 · design by andreas viklund



