

home | biocomp systems









































toggle navigation










home


markets 

healthcare
manufacturing (intellidynamics...)
oil and gas (intellidynamics...)

utilities (intellidynamics...)
finance
marketing



products 


predictive analytics 

neurogenetic optimizer



financial analytics 

biocomp dakota
biocomp profiit
biocomp patterns
analytical cloud
system seeker


industrial systems (intellidynamics...)



services


technologies 

machine learning
genetic algorithms
neurogenetics






contact













biocomp
biologically inspired computing algorithms
learn more





built for business
adapt and optimize your business
learn more





industrial strength
machine learning
learn more











model, predict, optimize...  your products, processes and operations
we have a long track record of proven results... results so good that our customers get awards and earn patents.
we've helped many thousands of customers just like you improve their products, enhance services, pin-point the cause of difficult problems, increase capacity, rates and yields, dial-in quality, control industrial processes to tight specifications, compress production schedules, forecast demand down to 15-minute intervals, forecast equities to manage funds and a myriad of other opportunities.
we've been blessed with some of the best customers all over the world, from manila to moscow and borneo to belgium.
our solutions are so good that customers have received product and process improvement awards and patented their applications of our technology.











why biocomp



ultra responsive
we are a nimble team-oriented organization that responds quickly throughout our relationship to target your objectives and achieve your goals.



proven advanced technologies
field proven and experience hardend, our advanced technologies have demonstrated outstanding results again and again from harsh industrial environments, highly competitive wall street to banks, hotels and theme parks.



real-time deployment
run our technologies on your desktop as analytical tools and also in real-time on your servers, delivering you outstanding results, around the clock, unattended.  your data stays where it belongs... on your premises.



top notch personalized support
we provide outstanding, personalized support, both standard services and also customized offerings tailored to your unique needs and applications, including on-site and 24/7 around the clock.




responsive
proven
real-time
excellent support












goal oriented expertise
we work with you, hand-in-hand, to set challenging goals and objectives for enhancing your business performance through applications of our predictive analytics, machine learning, optimization and on-going automated performance enhancement.





global service
we provide products, services and support around the world. our business is globally distributed with customers in nearly every time zone.







advanced algorithms
we invent and develop advanced analytical algorithms to address your challenges and deliver you unique competitive advantage. some algorithms are so advanced they autonomously self-manage and self-optimize their own performance, setting new industry standards.





professional support
we provide on-going support services to maintain your performance in a changing technical and business landscape so that you are always in a leadership position.









recent projects
see all projects







oil and gas
virtual metering
read more










industrial
predicting performance
read more










finance
securities forecasting
read more

















super fantastic products from the minds of proven genius....


sanjay chief risk officer



great! thanks for the changes!


sue process engineer



i am so pleased our company is standardizing on your products!


jeff manager, oil and gas










our clients











10000 users





2000 corporations





120 countries





500 billion optimizations





 



get in touch


call us at 1-206-687-1101 or  contact us










about us

our mission is to empower our customers to see, understand, predict and optimize their performance.



columbia tower42nd floor701 fifth avenue
									seattle, wa 98104
phone: 1-360 835-6007
email: contact@biocompsystems.com






useful links



news
financial forums
support




about us
privacy policy
contact us








get connected












				©2020 biocomp systems, inc. all rights reserved.
			


















