












methodist services |






































home
about us
services

early childhood & school-age education
housing & community services
family support services
community counseling services
heritage farm


giving
events
employment
media
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 












 

 
 
 
 
 
 




methodist services 2024 designer bag bingo highlights


 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







 
 
 





methodist services provides life enriching programs to children, adults and families as they face the challenges of limited resources, increased poverty, homelessness, disabilities and inequities in education. we provide early childhood education, school age programs, housing services, supports for families, mental health and counseling services, and nutrition programs.

 
 
 





methodist system's open positions

looking for a rewarding position with a mission-based nonprofit that will help you make a difference in the lives of others? if so, methodist is the workplace for you! methodist provides professional development, work-related trainings, and opportunities to be part of agency-wide committees.
click to open the employment page for current positions


 
 
 




holiday toy, clothing & gift card drive

help methodist services bring holiday joy to our children, individuals & families.
accepting thru december 20, 2025
•gift cards
•new unwrapped toys
•new personal care baskets
•new clothing
•new christmas decorations & ornaments
•monetary donations
for more info, contact carole boughter cboughter@methodistservices.org or via 215-877-1925 ext. 104
click for 2025 toy drive flyer


 
 
 




wish list

accepting donations: new items
•newborn baby baskets
•cases of diapers & wipes
•backpacks & school supplies
•pillows
•twin bed sheet sets & mattress •protectors
•towel sets & washcloths
•shower curtains & liners
•soap, body wash & lotion
•toothbrushes
•sanitary napkins & supplies
•deodorant
•laundry detergent, bleach & dryer sheets
•cleaning supplies: gloves, lysol, magic •erasers, alcohol & peroxide
•dish cloths
•small room trash cans
•board games & journals
click to give!


 
 
 
 





early childhood & school-age education

children need a safe and stimulating place to go when school is out and parents cannot be home: a place that nurtures growth, develops potential and bridges time between family and school life.


 
 
 




housing & community services

catastrophic life events, serious, persistent and chronic behavioral health challenges and/or lack of parenting skills can lead to a disruption of familial safety, stability, well-being and unity. when disruption occurs in the form of children placed in foster care and/or homelessness, methodist can provide the intensive supports and services necessary to stabilize the family and restore their lives.


 
 
 




family support services

methodist’s family support services teaches parents to understand and use positive parenting techniques. parents are encouraged to build healthy relationships with their children, develop strategies for spending quality one-on-one time and create opportunities to grow as a family.


 
 
 
 





community counseling services

sometimes life can feel overwhelmingly difficult. whether the issue is separation or divorce, managing the effects of trauma, parenting a child, grieving a loss, or living with the symptoms of a mental illness such as major depression or bipolar disorder, the highly trained staff of community counseling services is ready to help.


 
 
 




community schools

as part of the community schools program, edward gideon school, samuel gompers school, overbrook educational center & william t. tilden school now offer case management services through methodist services.
gideon community schools flyer
gompers community schools flyer
overbrook community schools flyer
tilden community schools flyer


 
 
 




heritage farm

heritage farm aims to create a sustainable, community based food system by growing and providing fresh produce and offering hands-on education and life skills to the families we serve. methodist services believes investing in the soil is an ultimate investment in our families and communities.


 
 
 
 





united methodist church connection

throughout the 140+ years of ministry, methodist services has maintained a historical relationship with the united methodist church, although no organizational relationship exists.  as one of the health & welfare agencies of the eastern pa conference of the united methodist church, methodist services strives to communicate regularly with constituents of area churches about the ongoing programs and services provided by the agency.  along with individuals, businesses and community groups, churches have long provided strong financial support to the methodist mission of serving children and their families.


 
 
 




giving

oftentimes people want to know how they can help…what they can do to make a difference for the individuals we serve. one of the easiest ways to make an immediate and direct impact is to support methodist services financially.
click to give!


 
 
 




newsletter

mid-autumn 2024
autumn 2024
late summer 2024
mid-summer 2024
summer 2024
late spring 2024
mid-spring 2024
spring 2024
late winter 2024
winter 2024
mid-fall 2023
fall 2023
late summer 2023
mid-summer 2023
summer 2023
spring 2023
winter 2023
fall 2022
fall 2021
summer 2021


 
 
 
 



methodist services fy23 annual report

 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







 
 
 
   
 
 



facebook
instagram
   methodist services
main campus
4300 monument road
philadelphia, pa 19131-1690
215-877-1925
215-877-1942 fax
contactus@methodistservices.org

   community counseling services
bangor
51 market street
bangor, pa 18013
610-588-9109

   community counseling services
easton
1708 washington boulevard suite 102
easton pa 18042

    
 



  

 
 
 











