


new web hosting






















comnetorg 



















web hosting

what is web hosting?

like a mall, web hosting needs space to build on and roads to get to it. web hosting server disk space is where you store your website files by using an web host. bandwidth is the speed of the roads to access your site.


web hosting features...

web hosting incorporates many important features to provide versatility which include web host control panel, ftp access, telnet access, standard or web based email, shopping carts for e-commerce, ms microsoft frontpage 2003, 2002, 2000, 98 and 97 support using microsoft frontpage extensions, and possibly asp or php support. 
other features include mysql database, formmail, cgiemail, server side includes or ssi, large traffic allowance, java, chat, real audio and real video for the realone player, autoresponders, reverse dns, cgi email, cron jobs, email aliases, email forwarding, guestbooks, cgi-bin access, referrer logs, secure server or ssl, statistics, backups, large disk space, perl, pop email accounts, and secure shell.

web hosting utilizes many of these features as well as e-commerce shopping carts such as miva merchant and oscommerce with paypal support.

server speed is imperative. we use the fastest apache linux servers with one oc3 and three redundant multi-homed ds3 lines through two redundant backbone services.


steps to get your website online...

get a domain name.
a domain name is used to locate your website on the internet similar a phone number. 
before you can begin web hosting, you need to obtain a domain name. 
we can assist you in selecting your unique domain name when you sign up for web hosting. 

build your website.
there are many ways to easily create your website. 
you can use page builders such as microsoft frontpage, dreamweaver,  macromedia flash, and there are many online resources that can assist you in developing your website.

sign up for web hosting service.
web hosting sign up is simple. with just a few clicks you can have your website up and running! 
click to sign up for you web hosting account.

promote your website.
the most website traffic comes from search engines. 
be sure to design your website with search engine optimization in mind. 
there is a vast amount of information available about search engine optimization available.
you can be successful by following a few of the most common recommendations. 
submit your site to major search engines such as google to get traffic to your site. 
if you need help, there are many search engine optimization services available. 
we can refer you to some cost effective services that are available with you web hosting plans.







sitemap  

