






kagyu changchub chuling




















































new to kcc?
full calendar






donate




meditation practices

shamatha meditation
chenrezi & green tara practices
recent practice videos & archives
children’s dharma program
mahamudra program
glossary of buddhist terms


retreats & study

overview
2025 retreat schedule
upcoming events
study groups
lama michael conklin – teachings
retreat & class videos


scol retreat center

overview
attend a kcc retreat
host a group retreat
individual retreats
our facilities
scol history & land stewardship


news & community

community news
volunteering at kcc
dharma store
community life service group


about

email lists / contact us
schedule a dharma meeting
kcc history, tradition, & lineage
staff & governance
kcc service groups
organizational documents








join us for meditation and retreat
we are a portland-based meditation community committed to supporting each other in life and on the path of awakening.
today at kcc 

welcome to kagyu changchub chuling, a center for buddhist meditation in the tibetan tradition.
join us for any of our regularly-scheduled meditation practices; we have options to suit meditators at all levels.
 

upcoming events
register for retreats, classes, and events to deepen your meditation practice and understanding of the dharma.



the three turnings of the wheel of dharma with khenpo lodrö donyö rinpoche
the three turnings of the wheel of dharma outline three approaches to the teachings of buddha shakyamuni with increasing subtlety and profundity. in the lineages of vajrayana buddhism that flourished […]

friday, may 30, 2025 - monday, jun 2, 202510:00 am - 5:00 pm
more info





milarepa guru yoga with feast offering and songs of realization
guru yoga is a key part of vajrayana buddhist practice that helps us connect to the living lineage. through this type of ritual, we tap into the unbroken stream of […]

saturday, mar 22, 20259:00 am - 12:30 pm
more info





the essence of meditation: letting go into being
seeking an introduction to meditation? looking for some deeper understanding or inspiration for your meditation? do you long for some retreat but cannot miss work? this weekend retreat—from friday evening until […]

friday, apr 11, 2025 - sunday, apr 13, 20257:00 pm - 12:00 pm
more info


view full calendar




news & community
the latest updates from the kcc community.



betta horn as new scol staff member
a warm welcome back to betta horn! we’re thrilled to officially welcome betta horn to the scol staff! while she’s a familiar face for some at kcc, she’s now joining vicki […]

read more





sangha meeting and board meeting highlights – jan 2025
here are some highlights from the january 2025 board meeting.   

read more





training with words
sangha member debra elise wöhrmann regularly selects a poem to share on our website.

read more


view all news stories



new to kcc?
kcc’s regular meditations are open to all members of the public, and in most cases the teacher will offer basic instructions before meditation.
learn more








quick links
login
privacy policy
email lists / contact us
full calendar
about


donate
we rely on the generosity of people like you.  support kcc today!
donate now


follow us
 
 




portland center, 4936 ne skidmore st, portland, oregon 97218  |  map
ser chö ösel ling retreat center, goldendale, washington 98620




