




 


colorado medical group management association - home



 









join us


career center


contact





log in












 











home




about us



board of directors




national mgma




national legislative news




bylaws







join us



mgma dual membership







events



2025 payer day







sponsorship



gold corporate affiliates







news




contact




members



acmpe certification




cmgma scholarship fund




cmgma professional development















about colorado mgma
colorado medical group management association (cmgma) is a state wide professional association comprised of medical practice managers, administrators, and executives. cmgma is an affiliate of the national mgma. cmgma offers local opportunities for education and networking. cmgma is your local advocate for all healthcare issues.  our purpose is simple. we strive to provide our members the opportunity for both professional and personal growth through education and networking opportunities with colleagues.












 







the values of cmgma
service to our members
we are dedicated to our profession, partnering with each other and are committed to the collective success of our members. we will strive to exceed the expectations of every member with relevance and value.
growth and innovation
we embrace change and learn from our collective experiences to continuously improve the delivery and management of healthcare. as leaders for our members and community, we are responsible risk-takers and fully accountable to our members.
financial responsibility
we are stewards of resources to maximize value for our members and are openly accountable.
team relationships
we are a multidisciplinary association of professionals who respect, support and challenge each other to succeed through collaboration.


history of cmgma
founded in june of 1982, the colorado medical group management association (cmgma) is a nonprofit organization whose membership is comprised of individuals engaged in administrative aspects of medical group practice. membership is diverse and represents group practices operating in a variety of organizational financial structures within the state of colorado. cmgma has a genuine interest in the promotion of concepts and ideas within medical group management to the membership.


upcoming events



webinar: financial management: back to the basics

03/11/2025 11:00 am
•




2025 colorado payer day

05/20/2025 8:30 am
•
lone tree arts center - 10075 commons st. lone tree, co 80124



fall conference exhibitor registration

09/18/2025
•
delta hotel denver, thornton





career center



manager clinic operations - ortho

10/29/2024 8:40 am


kristina romero





platinum sponsors
 









join us!
please join the colorado medical group management association (cmgma)
join us























our mission
to provide educational opportunities and resources to promote professionalism in medical practice management.

our vision
we  improve  the  delivery  and  management  of  healthcare  by  assisting  our  members’  success  through education,  networking  and  advocacy.

contact us
colorado mgmap.o. box 380084birmingham, al  35238-0084(985) 290-8020
 














