



 


monopoly in the park, san jose, ca









































































homeinformationgalleryvideodirectionsfaqabout uscontact us




 


















monopoly in the parklive large!
sign in with facebook
sign in with twitter
follow me on pinterest
sign-in with instagram
sign-in with meetup


  













 









experience monopoly in the park, a larger than life sized version of the world's most popular board game and the only guinness book of world records attraction here in san jose.

 









the real estate market is always booming, as property is traded on a 930 square foot permanent  monopoly board.  everyone has a chance to make it big in silicon valley real estate playing monopoly in the park.

 









large and small groups can reserve the giant board and game pieces for organized events.  participants play with jumbo dice, don gigantic token-shaped hats and occasionally even wear jailhouse garb.

 









monopoly in the park is big fun for corporate team building events, family, reunions, field trips, company picnics and children's parties  book now!










family events








parties, anniversary celebrations and reunions.
  book 




family eventsbooking the game$300

refundable deposit$150 

without alcohol30 days noticewith alcohol45 days notice












schools/non-profit events








field trips, 8 yrs & up.fund raising.
  book 




schools/non-profit eventsbooking the game$300

refundable deposit$150 

without alcohol30 days noticewith alcohol45 days notice












corporate events








teambuilding, tournaments,  recognitions.

  contact us 






corporate eventsbooking the gameask

refundable deposityes

without alcohol30 days noticewith alcohol45 days notice










 booking information

select 3 alternative dates on which to hold your event.30 days noticewill be required at the time of booking.mitpwill send a confirmation email.rental fee & refundable depositto be paid at time of booking. see faqs.online paymentsbookings can be made online using paypal.

  guinness book of world records

monopoly in the park is in the guinness book of world records!





  smart business network

smart  business network 









 special features

guinness book of world records holder.   930 square foot  custom granite game board.  custom designed token hats.  giant houses, hotels and playing dice are all to scale.

  trivia

game board originally made for the 1992 san francisco garden & landscape show.  side properties weigh 140lbs.  corner properties weigh 236lbs.installed in san jose in 2002.

  game rules

official monopoly short game rules apply, 2 players per token.  each team given 3 properties/banker holds rest.  income tax penalty is flat $200.   hotels purchased after 3 houses (instead of 4).


our partners























city of san josewww.sanjoseca.gov/prns





our awards













conciergeaward for excellence 2015





 



 taking bookings now! book now!  the monopoly name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the mr. monopoly name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are trademarks of hasbro, inc. for its property trading game and game equipment. ©2001 hasbro, inc. all rights reserved.
































home   





