





bedford sales - new & used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavanger




















































skip to main content

 








815-942-1333
call




map








like bedford sales on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow bedford sales on instagram! (opens in new window)








toggle navigation





home

inventory

showroom

new inventory
pre-owned inventory
fiberglass inventory
g3 inventory
pontoon inventory
motors inventory
tackle  inventory
get a quote
finance
finance calculator
value your trade

promotions




services

service department
service appointments
parts department
parts request
specials
storage
view oem parts
view aftermarket parts



about us

about us
map & hours
meet our staff
employment



read testimonials
submit a testimonial
photos
contact us






bedford sales

879 bedford rd
 morris , il 60450
us

phone: 815-942-1333
email: bedfordsales@sbcglobal.net

fax:
			






bedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavangerbedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavanger
bedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavangerbedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavanger
bedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavangerbedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavanger
bedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavangerbedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavanger
bedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavangerbedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavanger
bedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavangerbedford sales - new &amp; used boats, service, and parts in morris, il, near willow ridge and stavanger








previous



pause



next











new boats






pre-owned






service


































































previous



next









bedford sales
over, fifty years of business has created many long-time customers whom are like extended family. serving old and new customers to the best of their ability has always been randy and jenny's number one goal. this desire to best serve their customers has fueled growth from the small retail store to larger storefronts over the years as well as many awards and accolades for the business. bedford sales & outdoors has been recognized time and again as the premier bass fishing store in the midwest. mercury marine® counts on bedford sales & outdoors to continuously achieve sales recognition status as well as csi service awards.


bedford sales & outdoors 27,000 square foot location allows them to display up to 80 boats as well as 5,000 square feet devoted to rods, reels, tackle and other boating supplies. bedford sales & outdoors carries phoenix, vexus, basscat, g3 boats as well as suncatcher pontoons. mercury® motors are sold in our store and yamaha is available on boat packages. regarding fishing supplies, all the major brands are available in inventory including shimano, daiwa, lews, dobyns, st. croix, falcon, duckett, sunline, power pro, megabass, lucky craft, keitech, roboworm, bass trix, bizz baits, just to name a few.

learn
										more about us




instagram
















879 bedford rd
morris , il 60450



815-942-1333






contact us






mon - fri 9:00am - 5:00pm
saturday 9:00am - 4:00pm
sunday closed




new inventory
pre-owned inventory
service request
about us





like bedford sales on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow bedford sales on instagram! (opens in new window)










policy|
privacy|
terms|
accessibility|
site map




dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved










maximize




minimize



















