









































	
        
        children's healthcare canada



















skip to content











children's healthcare canada




contact us










child health advocacy
                    toggle child health advocacy menu
                  advocacy newsletterchild health advocacychild health caucuschild and youth mental healthchild health researchimmunizationindigenous healthright-sizing children’s health systemsstatementsnetworks & hubs
                    toggle networks & hubs menu
                  about networks and hubschild and youth mental health practice networkchoosing wisely hubconnecting care for children with medical complexity practice networkexecutive networkfamily networkpediatric inpatient research network hubpediatric intensive care unit data hubpediatric pain networktransition to adult care hubspark
                    toggle spark menu
                  about sparkconsultation servicenewsletterpodcastwebinarsnews & events
                    toggle news & events menu
                  annual conferenceexternal job postingsnews & announcementsnewsletterpop up eventsrecent media activitymembership
                    toggle membership menu
                  become a membermembership benefitsour members and patronsabout us
                    toggle about us menu
                  about children's healthcare canadaboard of directorscontact usequity, diversity, and inclusionimpact reportinternal job postingsinnovation and impact awardsmeet our teamnews and mediaour members and patronspurposeful partnershipsstrategic plan

français
search












×




2025 annual conference
save the date! in 2025 we are creating the future together. join us april 14-15 in ottawa, ontario!
register now!collaboration first step towards meaningful change for canada's kids
read moreshaping the future of children’s healthcare together
together, let’s build a future for children’s healthcare that we can all stand behind.
learn moreabout children's healthcare canada
through purposeful partnerships, we accelerate excellence and innovation in health systems caring for children and youth.
learn more




what are you looking for?

















right-sizing health systemschildren’s healthcare canada is on a mission to create an accessible, equitable, connected healthcare system designed for the needs of children, youth and families.value networks and hubsthese networks are a member benefit and open to all staff, employees and families served at children's healthcare canada member organizations.annual conferencejoin us in st. john's newfoundland and labrador in october 2024. the theme of #childhealthcan2024 is "right-sizing health systems for kids: navigating to brighter futures".become a membertogether with our members, children’s healthcare canada is driven to accelerate excellence and innovation in health systems caring for children and youth.





spark
shared platform for advocacy, research and knowledge

the children’s healthcare canada spark knowledge mobilization platforms are focused on curating and showcasing knowledge and expertise, in an effort to spark conversations, ideas and action. this content largely reflects our strategic priorities and populations defined by the board, and by our membership. click  below to learn more about our spark: live webinars, our monthly spark: conversations podcast series, our spark: impact knowledge mobilization consultation service for researchers
 learn more about spark




latest news
view all news

loading news feed...




featured video
watch more on youtube


videodec 16, 2024right-sizing healthcare systems for kids: primary care accessvideodec 11, 2024lessons learned during the pandemic: lighting the way to build better healthcare transition programs














stay connected
be sure to follow children's healthcare canada on x, linkedin, and instagram to stay in the loop.











stay connected with children's healthcare canada
subscribe to our bi-weekly spark: news bulletin to receive updates on all upcoming spark offerings, member and partner innovations, news and events, and cutting-edge research.
sign up now













children's healthcare canada 495 richmond road, suite 102 ottawa, on k2a 4h6
info@childrenshealthcarecanada.ca





resourcesadvertisingsitemapcontact us





stay connected






x






instagram






youtube






linkedin











© 2022 children's healthcare canada

by ghd digital




























browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.








