





















home | central violations bureau
























  skip to main content













an official website of the united states government
here's how you know


here's how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock (   

lock
locked padlock



 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            














        central violations bureau
      


menu








pay a ticket




pay a ticket




online payment for federal tickets






about my ticket




my options




help




help




contact cvb







search cvb.uscourts.gov





search





























pay a federal ticket onlinepay online












the central violations bureau (cvb) is a national center charged with processing u.s. district court violation notices (tickets) issued and payments received for offenses committed on federal property, like national parks and military installations, or for violations of federal law that occur elsewhere. learn how to pay your federal ticket through this site, and find resources and answers to common questions.
















svg
 








options after receiving a federal ticketyou are charged with an offense and received a ticket. figure out what your next steps are:are you required to appear in court or do you want to contest your ticket? the my options page includes information on a mandatory or optional appearance in court and when you can expect to receive your court date.you received a ticket and want to confirm it is a u.s. district court violation notice. view an example ticket or check the status of your ticket on the about my ticket page.pay your ticket online or by mail.














call for information or to speak with a representative:


(800) 827-2982 or (210) 301-6400questions?call for information regarding your court date or “notice to appear,” information on contesting a ticket, finding out when payment is due or to verify a payment has been made.












frequently asked questions





        why isn’t my ticket showing up in the system?  
      



        when is my payment due?
      



        what if i can't afford to pay the total amount on my ticket prior to court?
      




see all faqs



















return to top









contact cvb


privacy policy














central violations bureau






hours of operation:
monday - friday (8 a.m. to 6 p.m. central time)



phone: (800) 827-2982 or (210) 301-6400


email: info@cvb.uscourts.gov











this site is maintained by the administrative office of the u.s. courts on behalf of the federal judiciary. the purpose of this site is to provide information about the u.s. district court violation notice process. 



















your browser does not support javascript.


