




emcee entertainment   –  band for events


























































				call today to book your event! call: 610-935-7462













home
wedding music

wedding disc jockey
wedding live music


dj services

disc jockey
karaoke


live music & sound

live music
solo musician
band
sound reinforcement


about

meet mark edwards
faq’s
testimonials


client login
contact




 











home
wedding music

wedding disc jockey
wedding live music


dj services

disc jockey
karaoke


live music & sound

live music
solo musician
band
sound reinforcement


about

meet mark edwards
faq’s
testimonials


client login
contact












										band for events										

 homeband for events 






band for events
november 11th, 2013
2tdopensesame

♫ the mad jazzsters : energized jazz and funk



who we are:
“the mad jazzsters” is a dynamic, live five-piece jazz and funk band providing great grooves for outdoor festivals, jazz clubs, corporate events, fund raisers, community celebrations, and band shell concerts.
we also specialize in providing one or two hours of live cocktail and dinner music for your wedding reception or formal affair. for the ultimate in elegant background listening while you mingle with your guests, ask about adding a vocalist. song list includes: “at last”, “our love is here to stay”, “night and day”, “all the way”, “the way you look tonight”, “body and soul”, “and the angels sing”, “someone to watch over me”, “it had to be you”, “as time goes by”, “teach me tonight”, “all the things you are” and more.
what we play
there are many “note”worthy tunes that deserve to be heard; classics from the golden age of jazz through the bop and post-bop eras into the current pop scene. we present these with a flare for fun and an emphasis on expert musicianship. view the mad jazzsters sample library of songs we play.

**listen – mad jazzsters sampler


summer concert venuesthe following is a list of community facilities that the mad jazzsters has provided summer concert entertainment:
holicong park, buckingham, pa
reeves park, phoenixville, pa
friendship field, phoenixville, pa
plymouth township park, plymouth meeting, pa
victory park, royersford, pa
lower pottsgrove park, sanatoga, pa
caln township park, thorndale, pahire us
our playersalto & tenor saxophones – dave renz
keyboard & vocals – mark edwards
guitar & vocals – scot silver
bass – eric schreiber
drums – pat o’shea

note: group reserves the right to substitute players contingent on availability.hire us

add me to the mailing listupcoming performances
sign up for our email notification of upcoming concerts and events.add me to the mailing list



♫ contact info phone: 610-935-7462

cell: 484-467-9091

email: info@musicbyemcee.com
contact formtestimonials


mark, i received many comments on the beautiful music that was playing before the ceremony. thanks for adding your special touch to my wedding.
– royersford, pa

jennifer s.royersford, pa



everyone had a great time, and we couldn’t have been more pleased with your performance and that of the jazz trio. we will be happy to recommend your services to anyone!
– reading, pa

gail & scott m.reading, pa



we feel that we couldn’t have had a better m.c. all of our requests were done exactly as we had hoped. you made our wedding reception perfect and we would use emcee entertainment for any further event and we highly recommend you.
– harleysville, pa

linda r.harleysville, pa



emcee was the best value we found. reasonable price. great job. we would hire you again in a heartbeat!
– phoenixville, pa

mr. & mrs. david n.phoenixville, pa



most people said it was the best wedding they had been to, and we think you had something to do with it. overall, great party! thanks.
– ardmore, pa

james & davie g.ardmore, pa



i really enjoyed the entertainment. it is something that can make or break a function and i was very pleased. i hope you’re free in 5 years for the next reunion!
– pottstown, pa

pamela m.pottstown, pa



thank you for doing an excellent job as the dj for our wedding. the musical selections were fantastic, and your personality was great for our event. everyone enjoyed dancing and listening to the music.
– hanover, pa

karen & eric b.hanover, pa



mark did an outstanding job. very helpful, cooperative. selection was excellent. would recommend.
– wynnewood, pa

len d.wynnewood, pa



the evening was a great success, thanks to the music. we had fun learning the line dances. you are a great asset to your profession. keep up the good work. the staff at the banquet hall also commented on the excellent music and the professionalism of the dj. thanks for a great time!
– royersford, pa

maryann h.royersford, pa



thank you for doing such a great job for our wedding reception! we received numerous compliments on your work and everyone had a wonderful time! thanks again!
– adamstown, pa

mr. & mrs. george m.adamstown, pa









our testimonials


thank you for doing an excellent job as the dj for our wedding. the musical selections were fantastic, and your personality was great for our event. everyone enjoyed dancing and listening to the music… read more
karen & eric b.hanover, pa


 

service area we provide our dj, karaoke, live music & sound services to the entire southeastern pa area.

– norristown/conshohocken
– pottstown
– phoenixville/collegeville
– the main line
– quakertown
– reading
– west chester/downingtown
– lansdale/harleysville
– boyertown/gilbertsville
– philadelphia and suburbs


 

contact form would you like to find out more about our services?
please use our online contact form.call us610-935-7462cell: 484-467-9091email us
 we are proud members of the american disc jockey association.
 find us on facebook
 










copyright 2020 emcee entertainment | all rights reserved

























