






compulsive reader – reviews of books by some of the hottest writers working today, exclusive author interviews, literary news and criticism.






























search for:






compulsive reader
reviews of books by some of the hottest writers working today, exclusive author interviews, literary news and criticism. 




main menu
skip to content
home
about compulsive reader
magdalena’s website
magdalena’s blog
submissions
advertise with us
 




 



giveaway
new giveaway!

february 1, 2025 


 we have a copy of all this can be true by jen michalski to give away!
to win, sign up for our free newsletter on the right-hand side of the site and enter via the newsletter. winner will be chosen by the end of february from subscribers who enter via the newsletter. good luck!
read more →

 



book reviews, poetry reviews
a review of in the thaw of day by cynthia good

february 15, 2025 


 good’s poems catch and return with these moments of praise and gratitude balancing the tension with hard-fought lessons and observations of resiliency from the natural world. her poetry combines language that is intensifying and evocative, like a personal diary, with the immediacy of a scrapbook. and it’s this personal baring open and honesty that lingers on making  in the thaw of day a dynamic collection.
read more →

 

literary fiction reviews
a review of griffintown sisters by j. emile turcotte

february 13, 2025 


 griffintown sisters is vividly written, with multi-faceted characters including strong, resourceful women. the sisters’ love for each other and their struggle for survival come across clearly.  this book will provoke thought about whether or not things have changed much for people at the bottom of society’s ladder.
read more →

 

book reviews, poetry reviews
a review of as if scattered  by holaday mason

february 8, 2025 


 mason quickly shifts into an influx of embodied imagery and sensuous detail; absorbing love poems, lush and erotic, are further enlivened, countered by a more objective perspective as landscapes of the natural world magnify the intimacy of mason’s poems. the meditative poetic interchange using briefer lines, airy lineation and informal erasure drew me in through breath and space, encouraging a contemplative atmosphere.
read more →

 

book reviews, poetry reviews
a review of exactly as i am by rae white

february 6, 2025 


 the imagery captures the tender and quasi-ritualistic act of leaving pieces of oneself on another person’s life. the metaphor of clothing as both physical and emotional markers is clever and poignant, conjuring connection,  memory and the lingering presence of love and yearning. the rhythm flows naturally with conversational ease while opening up new ways of seeing.
read more →

 

book reviews, poetry reviews
a review of on a date with disappointment by najya williams

february 4, 2025 


 repetition is one of najya williams’ most important lyric strategies. certain poignant lines are frequently repeated, giving them resonance, enriching and amplifying their meaning. take “but the memories,” for instance, a poem about heartbreak and resilience. “but the memories have long scabbed over” is repeated five times in this 27-line poem, italicized in the final line. “the scars may never heal — fully at least” is repeated four times. 
read more →

 

book reviews, poetry reviews
a review of magicholia by jenny grassl

february 2, 2025 


 these poems challenge our preconceived notions and prescribed roles with fascinating imagery and provocative language that introduces grassl own invented syntax.  this unique use of language takes on visually significant forms.  the subject matter encompasses dangerous and threatening conditions such as betrayal, life-threatening mental illness, the rigors of treatment, incarceration, and the end of the world. 
read more →

 

author interviews
an interview with carol guess

january 29, 2025 


 the author of  sleep tight satellite talks about her latest book, on writing through quarantine, epiphanies, writing in second person point of view, the book’s narrative arc, compression, and lots more. 
read more →

 

book reviews, literary fiction reviews
a review of home of the american circus by allison larkin

january 25, 2025 


 larkin has the uncanny ability to paint each person in freya’s orbit as if they were living, breathing figures, complete with their own hopes, flaws, and secrets. through her vivid descriptions and nuanced dialogue, each character feels indispensable to the story, enriching the tapestry of the small town and making freya’s world achingly authentic and free from judgement.
read more →

 

book reviews, poetry reviews
a review of review of god is a river running down my palm by jeremy ra and aruni wijesinghe

january 23, 2025 


 poetry offers universality, and the importance of this chapbook lies in how two very different people—in background, ethnicity, gender, perception, and voice—convey this universality. not just in theme, but in desire.
read more →

 

film reviews
a review of breaking plates

january 20, 2025 


 walls fall down and characters burst out of the window, singing, dancing, shouting and breaking plates. the answer is clear that these structures, which seem so solid, are fragile indeed and it’s always possible to burst forth. breaking plates  is utterly relevant and terrific fun, a film to watch repeatedly for the sheer joy of it, and to make our own conversations with the wild women of the past.
read more →

 
page 1 of 3291
2
3
…
329
» 

sign up for compulsive reader news


 you've already signed up, thanks!

check your inbox now to confirm your subscription.

what’s new here, the latest literary news, plus fresh giveaways every month. sent out just once a month, for free. 


e-mail:













  2025 liquid amber prize!  now in its fourth highly successful year. offered to all poets from emerging to established, in 2025 the broad prompt/theme for the prize is ‘flight’ – an exhortation to riff on any kind of response to the idea, experiences or images of what it might mean to be on the move. for more information:  https://liquidamberpress.com.au

search for:



categories

art books

author interviews

book reviews

anthology

audio book

biography

books for writers

chess books

children's book reviews

classic literature reviews

commercial fiction reviews

cookbooks

craft book reviews

crime fiction

fantasy reviews

graphic novels/comics

health and wellbeing

historical fiction

journals

literary fiction reviews

memoir

mystery reviews

non fiction reviews

plays

poetry reviews

romance reviews

satire book reviews

speculative fiction review

thriller reviews

young adult reviews



film reviews

giveaway

interview

literary criticism

music reviews



 



 
 
 




copyright © 2025 compulsive reader. all rights reserved.
the magazine basic theme by bavotasan.com.









