     oak lawn cadillac dealer in oak lawn il | chicago oak forest evergreen park cadillac dealership illinois                                                                     napleton cadillac of oak lawn              sales 708-576-5164    service 708-576-5155  parts 708-572-4105      10125 s cicero aveoak lawn, il 60453                 service        map        contact                          napleton cadillac of oak lawn                    call 708-576-5164   directions                 new   new vehicles   buy online   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq   quick quote   black friday specials     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal     service & parts   service department   request an appointment   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   parts warranty   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   cadillac protection   privacy policy     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   career technician                      new   new vehicles   buy online   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq   quick quote   black friday specials     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal     service & parts   service department   request an appointment   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   parts warranty   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   cadillac protection   privacy policy     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   career technician               


      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                             


inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        





certified pre-owned vehicles






new vehicle specials






service






what's my trade worth











2024 cadillac lyriq
sport 2 awd














lease for
$395 a month | 24 month








disclosure: stk#: 34183 with 3,484 miles with a msrp of $71,365. 10,000 miles a year, 24 month lease with $3,595 down plus tax, title, license, doc, and most available incentives. with approved credit from cadillac financial. offer valid to march 3, 2025. must qualify for cadillac ev conquest offer, see dealer for details





2025 cadillac xt5
premium luxury awd














lease for
$469 a month | 36 month








disclosure: stk#: 35011s with 3,767 miles with a msrp of $55,425. 10,000 miles a year, 36 month lease with $3,595 down plus tax, title, license, doc, and most available incentives. with approved credit from cadillac financial. offer valid to march 3, 2025. must qualify for the gm lease loyalty program, see dealer for details.





2024 cadillac xt4
premium luxury awd














msrp: $54,010
your price: $47,960








disclosure: stk#: 34311 with 3,957 miles. courtesy transportation vehicle. offer is valid for cash transaction and valid till march 3, 2025. see dealer for details. 



         explore the cadillac lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       ct4      ct5      xt4      xt5      xt6      escalade      escalade iq      lyriq      optiq      v-series    explore all new inventory        



2025 escalade iq
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade iq demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory








2025 escalade iq
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory




      
       

take the next step
look forward to a powerful yet comfortable drive every time you sit behind the wheel.








schedule test drive







certified pre-owned








v-series luxury
join an elite class of passionate, performance-minded enthusiasts, and claim your piece of more than 70 years of legendary cadillac racing heritage.
explore v-series inventory

     



napleton cadillac of oak lawn
napleton cadillac of oak lawn is proud to bring you a wide selection of new and used vehicles. we not only offer sales but also assure brilliant after-sales facilities. napleton cadillac of oak lawn has been committed to serving matteson and hodgkins, il shoppers for years. so, worry no more. our auto service and repair experts will leave no opportunity to make sure that you leave our store absolutely pleased. find driving instructions on our hours and directions page, and drop by our oak lawn cadillac showroom today.
more about us









why should i choose your cadillac service center?
trust us for all of your car maintenance and repairs. we're here to get you back on the road quickly and efficiently, and at competitive prices.
whether you need an oil change, tune-up, a brake job, transmission work, or regularly scheduled maintenance, let us do the work for you.
see our service specials and schedule car repair. or call us at (708) 576-5155 if you have any questions or for a free estimate.
genuine cadillac parts & accessories
don't trust aftermarket parts. we have a large selection of the most commonly requested cadillac parts, if you're a do-it-yourself kind of person. or let our master mechanics fix it for you at our service center.
and don't drive the same car as everyone else in illinois. customize yours with these cadillac accessories: new floor mats or liners, custom wheels, cargo management, roof racks and hitches, brake and exhaust upgrades, and more.
click below to search our inventory of cadillac parts and accessories.


schedule service
service offers
tire finder






sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm     sunday closed    
visit us


10125 s cicero ave, oak lawn, il 60453


hours & directions






     

find your cadillac
explore all inventory

     

napleton cadillac of oak lawn - a premier oak lawn dealer




we have a great selection of luxury cars and suvs for sale
napleton is one of the leading cadillac dealers in north illinois, and we have many repeat customers who tell their friends and family about us.
we have a great selection and competitive prices. our sales team is thorough, knowledgeable, and professional, and you will always be respected and well cared for.
if you're looking for a dealer that provides excellent customer service, integrity and honesty, shop napleton first.
and we have over 200 quality, preowned cadillacs. we fully inspect all of our used cadillacs before we put them on our lot so that you can buy with confidence. whether you're looking for a new or used car, shop with napleton first. 
the cadillac service center you can trust
we are committed to making sure your car is repaired right the first time, at a fair price, and in a timely manner.
let us take care of your routine maintenance, oil changes, brake jobs, coolant change, filter replacement, tune ups, and more.
we're also great at major repair work, including radiators, transmissions, and total engine rebuilds.
find used cars for sale in rockford
we also have a large selection of used cars for sale, and they're priced to sell. with over 250 used vehicles in inventory, you're sure to find the used car you're looking for.
not only do we carry certified, pre-owned and used cadillacs, but we also have a great selection of used chevys, buicks, gmcs and fords.
and ask us to see our loaner and demo vehicles. they're lightly used and completely inspected before we put them up for sale.
search our inventory of used cars, and let us know if there's any way we can help.
vehicle financing options for oak lawn cadillac drivers
financing a car shouldn’t be a big hassle. at napleton cadillac of oak lawn, we promise to provide you with a trustworthy program to help make your dream vehicle a reality. we offer financing possibilities for all kinds of customers, be they first-time buyers or those with bad credit. if you are unsure about your current standing, our auto service and repair experts in oak lawn are here to help. we offer low-interest options, which prove helpful while buying vehicles from us. all orland park, il, matteson, and hodgkins, il customers need to do is fill out our online application form to let the staff at napleton cadillac of oak lawn help you get your new car or suv as soon as possible.



    






inventory







new inventory


used inventory


special offers


schedule test drive








services







apply for financing


extended warranty


schedule service


order parts








more info







dealership info


contact us


meet our staff


careers






follow us


       



                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | napleton cadillac of oak lawn | 10125 s cicero ave, oak lawn, il 60453 | sales: 708-576-5164              
















                           