





the national council for agricultural education – just another wordpress site



















































































































 



skip to content








(317) 802-4206|6060 ffa drive indianapolis, in 46268 

homecontact us 












  


search for:








about us directorsagricultural educationag ed organizationsstaffcaseafnr standardsnqpssae for allresourcesresearch 









search for:




















the councilmiguel ortiz2024-09-27t13:41:29+00:00 
the national council for agricultural education (the council) strives to stimulate positive growth in agricultural education. the council provides leadership for stakeholders in agriculture, food, fiber, and natural resources systems education. it strives to surface issues important to agricultural education and stimulate actions to support those issues. the council serves as a common meeting ground for agricultural education and represents organizations and entities representing students, teachers, teacher educators, state leaders, alumni, industry, and government.
important linksthe council connection is a monthly e-newsletter featuring updates from the national council for agricultural education.
sign up to receive the council connection.
agriculture teacher’s resource
the ag teacher’s resource provides a compilation of promising and effective practices related to delivering today’s total agricultural education model.
learn more>>
national afnr standards
the national afnr career cluster content standards provide state ag ed leaders and teachers with a guide for what students should achieve through the study of agriculture.
learn more>>
national quality program standards
the nqps is a tool designed for ag education programs to analyze their program and develop clear goals and objectives for program growth.
learn more>>
case
case institute is a professional development workshop to provide teachers training for the instruction related to a specific case course.
learn more>>
national teach ag day
national teach ag day celebrates school-based agricultural education and encourages ag ed advocates to share the great career opportunities in ag ed with others.
learn more>>
ffa.org resources
ffa learn provides a single source for online delivery of new and exciting electronic instructional materials, tools and resources.
learn more>>




 
 





the council
home
about us
directors
ag ed organizations
staff
 

programs and initiatives
case
agricultural education
afnr standards
sae
 

resources
resources
privacy policy
 

contact us
	6060 ffa drive
	indianapolis, in 46278-1370
	317-802-4206
nationalcouncilaged@ffa.org
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2023 the national council for agricultural education | all rights reserved.	



 
 
 
 
 
 

page load link

 


					english				


 
          						  spanish					          
english 















go to top




