












































homei'm newworshipeventsmediagiveabout secondwhat to expectwant to join?staff & leadershipsacred spacesour historyconnectchildrenmiddle & high schooladultsmediaworship archivepodcastwatch liveworshipeventsmusic & fine artsservegivecare & supportmy accountquick linksmy accountcareersprayer requestgive onlinemedia archivespublicationsstaff & leadershipmusic & fine artscenterpoint counselingchildren's circle preschoolsign up for email






givemediaeventsworshipi'm new













x











 watch live: sundays, 10 a.m. – watch on demand: anytime

 watch live: sundays, 10 a.m. – watch on demand: anytime

 watch live: sundays, 10 a.m. – watch on demand: anytime

 watch live: sundays, 10 a.m. – watch on demand: anytime












join us sunday
8:15 am (milner chapel)
            10 am (sanctuary and livestream)
service of wholeness & communion
            11:15 am (milner chapel)








a place for families
families ministry at second presbyterian church supports families with young children as they live and grow in faith. children form an integral part of our congregation. 


serving our community
looking for ways to share your time and resources with others?


second continues to reach many thousands each year with the love of christ. from worship and music, to our community missions and groups for all ages—we are moving, reaching, inspiring, and loving our church family and our community.






upcoming eventscreation days open studio
february 15, 10 am - 1 pm, common room
drop into one of our open studio sessions where you can make creation themed artwork, inspired by the story of god's creation, for display in mcfarland hall beginning march 2.
bread for the world "food, insecure" documentary and conversation
february 16, 11:30 am – 1 pm, room 356
view the documentary "food, insecure," have a light lunch, and then join in conversation and fellowship about second's role in hunger advocacy. this is a family-friendly event.

young adults service & sabbath
february 22, 9 am – 3 pm at second; happy hour at binkley's in broad ripple
spend the morning serving at the northside food pantry, enjoy lunch while learning tangible ways to advocate for our neighbors, then join in games and worship before heading to binkley's.











contact

second presbyterian church
7700 n. meridian street
indianapolis, in 46260 | map it
(317) 253-6461
email
traditional worship service
8:15 am – room 356
10 am – sanctuary
service of wholeness and communion
11:15 am – room 356 



quick links
my accountcareersprayer requestgive onlinemedia archivespublicationsstaff & leadershipmusic & fine artscenterpoint counselingchildren's circle preschoolsign up for email

social

 
 
 
 



©2025 second presbyterian church - indianapolis, in | (317) 253-6461
site by mavericks








