



home | illinois fertilizer & chemical association































 login












illinois fertilizer & chemical association
supply · service · stewardship





toggle navigation






about staff
board of directors
committees
magie magie
hotel/venue
exhibit at magie
showgrounds map
magie gallery
custom applicator of the year
convention convention
hotel/venue
program
exhibit hall
ag-solve pac auction
speakers
training in-person nh3 competent attendant training
online nh3 competent attendant  training
asmark training courses
illinois dicamba traininghome
labels, forms, & other resources
faqs
nature preserve sites
paraquat training
in-person nh3 certified grower training
online nh3 certified grower training
regulations pesticides
worker protection standard
fertilizer
ammonia
dot
secretary of state
security
taxes
emergency release info
legislation ag-solve pac
ifca tracked bills
membership member benefits
login
keep it 4r crop n-rate trials
4r code
ui nutrient bulletins
mrtn tool
soil temps
webinars









register
to assist and represent the crop production supply and service industry while promoting the sound stewardship and utilization of agricultural inputs.











become a 2025 ifca sponsor
interested in becoming an ifca sponsor in 2025? if you are already a member, sign into or create your account on the my account page to access the sponsorship form. if you are not an member of ifca, simply click on the sponsorship form button below to select and submit your desired sponsorship level.
my accountsponsorship form



ifca's weekly update







catch up with the latest from ifca
view the latest
ifca weekly update
click on the video to learn the most recent news and ongoings at ifca.




 


 







 



thank you kindly to our 2025 member sponsors.
view sponsors










    






















 close









visit the illinois department of agriculture webpage to sign up for online certified grower training.






applicator manuals are available
order today



access the regulations menu above for a vast repository of rules impacting ag retailers.



 









legislative updates




updated feb 15, 2025 

sb 2507 : amends the illinois pesticide act. increases administrative penalties ...morehb 4971 : amends the illinois pesticide act. increases administrative penalties ...more 




staying in the know



  croplife america announces new vice president of government relations   dicamba: they’re not kidding about the paperwork   croplife retail week: ifca’s kevin “k.j.” johnson on magie '24, illinois pesticide regulations to watch   



 




items of interest 



  brooke rollins sworn in as 33rd u.s. secretary of agriculture   act now and support petition to reinforce fifra labeling regulations   ag retailers association: get ahead in driver training before spring  



 




regulatory alert



  ammonia nurse tank transportation safety reminders   reminder about custom blending regulations   pesticide disposal companies list  



 







in the news



  2025 applicator manual order  epa requires a label accompany every pesticide to the end user. this can be a challenge for retailers that provide custom application services. to help remedy this issue, the applicator manual was created and is designed to be placed in each piece of application, nurse or tender equipment, to provide operators and handlers access to label information.
 
these handy 5 1/2" x 8 1/2" manuals have ...more  in the news    illinois nrec agronomy videos click the links below to view videos covering research that was funded in part by the illinois nutrient research and education council and conducted in collaboration with the illinois fertilizer and chemical association. these videos were produced with support from the illinois soybean association checkoff program and the illinois nutrient research and education council.


 

tracking nitrate concentrations in the upper ...more  in the news    ifca and il corn joint statement on fall anhydrous applications  
this week the illinois fertilizer & chemical association and the illinois corn growers put out a joint statement regarding fall anhydrous ammonia application with abnormally dry conditions in most of the state of illinois. click here to read the statement. we are also asking members to be vigilant of what soil temperatures are in the coming weeks. if you have any questions ...more  in the news    epa registers new herbicide active ingredient glufosinate-p the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) is registering a new active ingredient glufosinate-p to control weeds in conventional and glufosinate-resistant field corn, sweet corn, soybean, cotton and canola. epa is also releasing its final biological evaluation for the active ingredient under the endangered species act (esa) to further goals outlined in the april 2022 esa workplan . glufosinate-p is the first ...more  in the news    nurse tank safety advisory webinar  
ifca's national partner, the ag retailers association, and the u.s. department of transportation (dot) held a webinar on nh3 nurse tank saftey. the webinar specifically covered the recent nurse tank safety advisory issued by u.s. dot's pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration (phmsa) and the federal motor carrier safety administration (fmcsa). click here to view the webinar where you can find ...more  in the news    the grain and feed association of illinois and the illinois fertilizer and chemical association statement on request of exemption to one day rest in seven act (odrisa)  
the grain and feed association of illinois (gfai) and the illinois fertilizer and chemical association (ifca) have been in talks with the illinois department of labor regarding granting permits for exemptions to the one day rest in seven act for each of our respective industries.  in the past, gfai and ifca have applied to the illinois department of labor for an industry exemption to ...more  in the news    epa releases new insecticide strategy  epa proposed a strategy thursday, july 25th, to reduce insecticide exposure to hundreds of federally listed endangered species that includes a wide range of mitigation measures addressing spray drift and erosion. click here to read more about the insecticide strategy.
 
the herbicide and insecticide strategies are similar, proposing menus of mitigation options growers can choose from to achieve the required species protection.
 
...more  in the news    environmental groups looking to illinois pollution control board to push through california emission standards by 2035  this spring session, hb 1634 was introduced at the illinois state capitol. hb1634 would require illinois to adopt carb (california air resource board) environmental regulations, subjecting illinois citizens to the extreme policies of the california bureaucracy. this proposal is extremely detrimental to anyone that owns a semi. after facing roadblocks in the general assembly from an entire range of groups, including governor pritzker, several ...more  in the news    dji drone ban  
a new bill, h.r.6572 countering ccp drones act, was introduced recently as an amendment to a military funding bill and passed the house of representatives. the bill bans the procurement and use of dji drones and due to proclaimed national security risks of data on critical infrastructure in the united states being shared from dji, a chinese owned company, to the chinese communist ...more  in the news    illinois pesticide review newsletter  
every other month, illinois extension provides a new illinois pesticide review newsletter. here you will find information on legislation, regulations and other developments directly impacting pesticide use in illinois. the latest edition includes stories on:


	maintaining personal protective equipment
	welcoming john schepis to psep
	new pesticide laws around schools
	recognzing heat-related warning signs for gardners and landscapers


  in the news   



 



upcoming events


february 202524nh3 spring safety school - bloomington 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.25nh3 spring safety school - marion 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.26nh3 spring safety school - effingham 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.27nh3 spring safety school - charleston 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.march 20253nh3 spring safety school - mendota 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.4nh3 spring safety school - galesburg 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.5nh3 spring safety school - quincy 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.6nh3 spring safety school - chatham 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details.18nh3 spring safety school - bloomington 9:00am - 12:00pm» read full details. 

 







ifca twittertweets by ilfertchem 
tweet #ilfertchem
 



facebook
 dr bob wolf is speaking at the #ifca convention at the applicator session. he is speaking on "selecting the best spray tip for the job".
 
farmweeknow  #spraytips jan 23, 2025 9:59am   andrew pritchard with @nutrienltd  talks at the #ifca convention about 2024 high impacts weather storms but also gives a 2025 ag weather forecast.

croplife magazine nutrien ag solutions jan 22, 2025 11:14am   harrison pittman with the national agricultural law center is speaking  at the #ifca convention. his talk is on "how does the herbicide strategy / endangered species act and chervon case impact the ag input industry."

 croplife magazine  #hebicidestrategy jan 22, 2025 10:19am   brian lutz with @corteva speaks on the subject of "future of ai in agriculture" at #ifca convention this morning. 

#ai croplife magazine  #thefutureofagriculurre jan 22, 2025 10:15am  
 








 
                

connect
 ifca twitter
 ifca facebook




 
                

contact us
                  illinois fertilizer & chemical association
                  10226 e 1400 north road
                  bloomington, il 61705
  (309) 827-2774
  leslief@ifca.com





 copyright © ifca 1997-2025 illinois fertilizer & chemical association. all rights reserved.
                  |privacy statement
|user agreement










<?