







woodhaven presbyterian church | irving, tx















































972-541-0747
office@woodhavenpres.org
     
 












about us

our congregation
our staff

our staff
pastor’s blog


our leadership

ministry leadership
session & deacons


our campus
calendar
newsletter
worship service videos
let’s connect


worship

worship services offered
special services
what presbyterians believe
fellowship opportunities
music ministries
ghanaian fellowship


serve

local missions
regional missions
global missions
worshipful work
c.l.a.s.s.


learn

learning playlists

matthew 25
earth care
advent


times & locations
faith formation (“sunday school”) for children & youth
faith formation for adults
presbyterian pilgrimage


 


select page


  
 
 













family of god, welcome home! 
plan a visit








family of god, welcome home! 
plan a visit








family of god, welcome home! 
plan a visit








people of god, welcome home! 
plan a visit














our core values





























greetings

i am rev. shane webb pastor of woodhaven presbyterian church. i firmly believe that church should not be boring and must be a joyful endeavor. we invite you to come and see the many ways we can help you grow your faith through worship, mission, discipleship and fellowship. i want to be upfront that we are not a perfect group of people and we do not aim to be. the good news is that we expect people who come to not have their lives all together. we are a refuge for the hurt, the broken, the lost, and the lonely. the holy scriptures of the old and new testaments are the unique and authoritative witness of jesus and god’s work among creation. our focus is on loving god and loving people not shoving rules and regulations on people. doctrines and theology are secondary and we thus welcome diverse perspectives. we encourage everyone to participate at the level they feel comfortable as we endeavor to serve christ with our bodies, minds and souls. woodhaven strives to be an intergenerational and a multicultural community church. we are inclusive of all people because we believe that god’s love and grace extends to everyone regardless of race, gender, sexual identity, income level or any other ways society attempts to separate us. i invite you to explore our website and come talk with us. presbyterians believe strongly in education and we encourage people to ask questions about faith and we will work with you in finding answers. faith is an adventure and we hope you will join with us on this journey of showing compassion to all our neighbors.
the peace of christ be with you, -shane



 










sign up for our newsletter



name*email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



















service times
9 am sunday school   /   10:30 am worship
3650 north o’connor road, irving, texas 75062
office hours : mon – thur 9 am to 3 pm / 972-541-0747

followfollowfollow

donate now



location








listen
calendar
times / location
amazon smile
documents
vbs
careers








© 2022 woodhaven presbyterian church • privacy policysite by grace at work



 




































