





scottish kempo academy - life-protection martial arts












scottish  kempo  academy





home
classes
free lesson
private lessons
contact









member zone   
			|   
			shop   |  
			social media
video: 
			how to tie a kempo beltbook a lesson 
			at lairg for 28th 
			january!


welcome!
"many young and not so young people 
			can benefit from useful skills taught at scottish kempo academy 
			schools that could transform lives!" 
- rob gibson, 
			former member of the scottish parliament

learning a martial art to empower 
			people with the knowledge and skill of self-defence is a basic 
			human right that everyone should have access to! 
kempo is a life-protection martial art of 
			self-defence based on ancient japanese samurai warrior teachings 
			and adapted for modern times. are you ready to take your life, or your child's life 
			to the highest level? if so, we invite you to visit our friendly, 
			family-orientated and well established self-defence organisation 
			which is based in the scenic highlands of scotland. we take pride in being one of the finest 
			non-competition martial arts organisations in 
			the world with schools at inverness,
tain,
dingwall,
lairg
and
strathpeffer 
providing group lessons.

we also offer private lessons at our 
			martial arts studio in tain as additional training for ska members 
			to hone their martial skills, and for members of the public to try 
			the kempo system or learn practical self-defence skills.

			we are the largest self-defence organisation in the north of 
			scotland and have lil' dragons classes for children aged 4 - 7 
			years-old, and kempo classes for children aged 8+ years-old, teens 
			and adults. our programmes are motivational, educational and 
			inspirational with students receiving safe, effective and practical 
			defensive tuition whilst reaching goals and skills they never dreamt 
			that they could achieve!






adults
many adults feel they are too old or too unfit to start martial arts 
			training. this couldn't be further from the truth! our adult kempo 
			classes are a fantastic way to get fit, stay in shape and have fun 
			while learning vital street self-defence skills.
			from the very first kempo 
			lesson, adults learn how relatively easy it is to learn. since the 
			movements are natural, students begin to formulate self-defence 
			techniques immediately.
			in addition, many of 
			our adult students have attributed success in their personal careers 
			to the self-discipline and focus gained through their  
			training.

children
our fun, exciting, yet structured and 
			disciplined lil' dragon and kempo classes teach children how to 
			focus their attention which improves their ability to learn kempo 
			techniques and 
			defend themselves from a bully.
			learning builds a real sense of accomplishment in children and with 
			each new accomplishment a child's self-confidence will grow.
			once we 
			begin to build a child's confidence we are then able to instil the 
			values of respect, courtesy, honesty and integrity that are the 
			foundations of the martial arts dating back thousands of years.

			our founder and chief coach is hanshi (senior master) neil hourston (pictured), 
			he is a 9th degree black belt professional master instructor in the arts of kempo and 
			jujitsu. hanshi is a three-time martial arts 'hall of fame' 
			inductee who has been studying and teaching combative martial arts 
			systems for over 39 years in the uk, usa, holland, spain, sweden, 
			italy and portugal. he is assisted by an inspirational team of male 
			and female brown and black belt instructors. his mentor is professor 
			james muro 10th degree black belt, who lives in california, america, 
			and is head of the goshin-jitsu chow-hoon organisation.
			we are very proud 
			to have genuine kempo lineage through professor muro!



grading 
			syllabus
the current intermediate yoshin kempo 
			grading syllabus is red dragon.

promotions
at a recent kempo camp in greeley, 
			colorado, usa, in april, neil hourston was 
			promoted to 9th degree black belt, and helen beattie was 
			promoted to 8th degree black belt. the promotions were awarded by 
			professor james muro 10th degree black belt (monterey, 
			california), and the goshin-jitsu chow-hoon and united martial arts 
			alliance international yudanshakai (black belt boards). neil 
			hourston was further awarded the japanese title of 'hanshi' (senior 
			master) which was awarded by grandmaster stephen grayston 10th 
			degree black belt karate (london, uk), and approved by professor 
			james muro and hanshi ron carlson 10th degree black belt gow-ren-lu 
			kempo (nebraska, usa).

black star aikido seminarhanshi neil hourston 
			and kyoshi helen beattie recently taught at a black star aikido 'martial arts 
			seminar' in birmingham, england.

spring grading examsthe ska spring grading 
			exams are scheduled to be held on sunday 23rd march at balintore and on saturday 29th march at inverness.

lairgthe ska opened lil' dragons and kempo 
			classes for children at lairg last month. limited spaces are 
			available!

hanshi's youtube interviewhanshi neil hourston 
			was recently interviewed by grandmaster joe rebelo 10th dan for the
			
			martial arts today tv youtube channel.







   
					0845 838 5156  
					






        
				
        
				
        
				



"many young and not so young people can 
			benefit from useful skills taught at scottish kempo academy schools 
			that could transform lives!"rob gibsonmember of 
			the scottish parliament


ska technical advisorprofessor james muro, 
			 10th danska senior coachi helen 
			 beattie, 7th dan

			 "very informative and focused work done with 
			 our pupils on kempo self-defence. principles and tactics were 
			 relayed and taught skilfully - our pupils benefited from learning 
			 about real life situations in a realistic, challenging, enjoyable, 
			 atmosphere. we are keen to include such expertise into our syllabus 
			 from now on."tain royal academyphysical 
			 education department










privacy policy
			copyright © scottish kempo academy 1997



