























school of electronic engineering | dublin city university | school of electronics





























      skip to main content
    

















    accessibility & language  |  loop  |  staff |  library  |  vacancies     


















dublin city university


coursesdcu open daysundergraduatecao hubpostgraduate hubdcu micro-credentialsdcu connectedscholarshipsadmissions informationaccommodationgraduate studies officestudent recruitmentresearchresearch at dcuresearch impactgraduate studies officedcu alphadcu invent - technology transferlife sciences institutedcu globalengagementintra internshipscourses with intraengage with dcuengagementoffice of the executive director of engagementdcu alumniarts and cultureengagement governanceage friendly universitydcu placementdcu educational trustdcu international academycentre for talented youth, irelandnational institute for digital learningdcu campus storedcu sportthe helixchangemaker schools networksupportstudent support & developmentcounselling & personal development student health servicestudent policiesfinancial assistance service chaplaincyhouse of accessibilitystudent advice and learning skills centreaccessible campusregistrytranscriptscurrent studentsorientationexaminationsexamination resultsfees informationacademic calendarsdigital technology solutions (dts)student lifedcu students unionclubs & societiesdcufmdcu autism friendlydisability & learning support servicedcu accessmature studentscareers serviceinternational studentsfacultiesdcu business schooldcu institute of educationfaculty of engineering & computingfaculty of humanities & social sciences faculty of science & healthdcu connectedmoreoffice of the presidentoffice of the cooocoosustainability at dcu dcu governing authorityestatesfreedom of informationhealth & safetyoifig na gaeilgeuniversity policiesoffice of the vice president of academic affairsgraduate studiesdcu sisoffice of the executive director of engagementoffice of the vice president for researchoffices & departmentscommunications, marketing & eventsestatesfinancedcu peopledigital technology solutions (dts)language translation servicesregistryquality and institutional insights officeteaching enhancement unit (teu)campushow to get hereinter-faith centreparkingpharmacy














 





school of electronic engineering



homeundergraduatedegree coursesintegrated masterspostgraduatepostgraduate degree courseschina collaboration integrated mastersfirst year hubresearchresearch centresresearch themes aboutchina partnershipschool liaisonnews and eventscontact us school phonebook





 
   
 undergraduate programmes
 


discover more about our courses in the school of electronic engineering

https://www.dcu.ie/engineeringandcomputing/undergraduate-degree-courses-school-…




   
 postgraduate programmes
 


find out more about our masters in electronic and computer engineering

/engineeringandcomputing/postgraduate-degree-programmes-school-electronic-engin…




   
 research and innovation
 


find out more about our school research and our research interests

https://www.dcu.ie/electronics/research-information-school-of-electronic-engine…




   
 guide to integrated masters
 


find out more about our integrated masters 

https://www.dcu.ie/engineeringandcomputing/guide-integrated-masters




   
 news and events
 


discover what's happening in our school

https://www.dcu.ie/electronics/news




   
 first year hub
 


are you a first year student? our first year hub contains all of the important information you need!

https://www.dcu.ie/engineering-orientation





previousnext











 


 
welcome
 

established in 1980, the school of electronic engineering dcu was the first ee school in ireland.  our first undergrads emerged in 1984, our first taught postgrads in 1992 and first phd graduates in 1993. our standalone taught masters programme in electronic and computer engineering is the largest in the country. the school moved into the custom designed iconic stokes building in 2002 and is heavily involved in the futuretech building slated for completion 2025. the school has strong undergrad and postgrad links with up to a dozen french grandes ecoles.
recognised nationally and internationally for the outstanding quality of our programmes, we focus on preparing students to pursue a broad range of careers in the information and communications technology (ict) sector in the areas of electronic, computer, and mechatronic engineering.
dr noel murphy, head of school
 













latest news...


25/03/2024



 


alumni from the mechanical & manufacturing engineering and  electronic engineering classes of 2003 back on glasnevin campus for their 20 year reunion.

mechanical & manufacturing engineering and electronic engineering classes of 2003 - 20th year anniversary reunion...
13/02/2024



, 


 



acs editors’ choice publication: self powered wearable sensor technology...
06/02/2024



 



prof barry mcmullin retires from the school of electronic engineering...










student apps
staff apps
loop
disclaimer


student email
staff email


privacy and cookies
accessibility statement
contact us



















dublin city university is a registered charity with the charities regulatory authority, rcn 20013653.



 
























