











medical history & bioethics – university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









medical history & bioethics

university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health




search






menu
open menu


close





home
about us
news and events
expand


collapse



news
events
bioethics symposium
smph news and events


people
expand


collapse



faculty
graduate students
staff
expert database


academics
expand


collapse



courses
path of distinction in bioethics
history of science, medicine, and technology program
health and the humanities, certificate
dr. norman fost award for the best medical student bioethics essay


publications and media
expand


collapse



faculty
alumni


resources
contact
 



support mhb
 








 




the department of medical history and bioethics has risen since its inception in 1950, when the university of wisconsin medical school established the department of the history of medicine, becoming the nation’s second department of its kind. since its founding in 1973, the program in medical ethics has thrived as a core component of the department, evolving alongside the field of bioethics.
situated within the school of medicine and public health and affiliated with departments across the colleges of letters and sciences, our faculty are experts in their fields and dedicated educators, teaching students at all levels—from undergraduates and graduates to medical students, residents, and fellows. we also thrive in scholarly pursuits, publishing books, writing journal articles, directing films, and engaging in various research activities.
in line with the wisconsin idea, we are committed to service in diverse roles throughout the university. to learn more about our department, please contact us here.


newsprof. nicole c. nelson joins hps podcast on ‘ethnographies of science’why heat kills – prof. richard keller examines a climate-induced global health crisisauditions for a staged reading of homo ex machinalaunch of collective for humanism, arts, and storytelling in medicine (chasm)associate professor karola kreitmair receives 2024 japanese association of bioethics – american society for bioethics and humanities (jab-asbh) fellowship awardassociate professor pablo gómez featured in science magazine’s ten must read science histories2024 bioethics symposium topic announced: ai, ethics, and health carenorman fost lecture on skepticism and critical thinking honors fost’s groundbreaking work and long leadership in bioethicsassociate professor pablo gómez receives neh collaborative research grantronald numbers remembered as leading scholar of science and religionmore news posts 
more





 


read more

 

department and affiliated eventsfebruaryfebruary 28hsmt brown bagjeremy greene12:00 pm, curti lounge, mosse humanities buildingmarchmarch 7hsmt brown bagayo adegbite, “nigeria’s biomedical public: african medical practitioners in the environment, politics and science of disease control in africa 1850 to 1990”12:00 pm, curti lounge, mosse humanities buildingmarch 14hsmt brown bagbiannual professional development! elevating your elevator pitch 12:00 pm, curti lounge, mosse humanities buildingmarch 19“ryan white, hiv/aids, and the politics of innocence” – paul renfro4:00 pm, curti lounge, mosse humanities buildingmore events 
more



social media 


            bluesky          



            linkedin          



 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact us1135 medical sciences center
1300 university ave.
madison, wi  53706
https://bsky.app/profile/mhbuwmad.bsky.social
 map
map marker


email: medhisteth@med.wisc.edu

linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: deb.mcnally@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











