 home - lifesled     homeabout ustestimonialsspecificationsphotosvideoslifesledsrescue boardsls1ls2inflatabletransom adaptorsaccessorieslifesled repaircontact us
0 items




homeabout ustestimonialsspecificationsphotosvideoslifesledsrescue boardsls1ls2inflatabletransom adaptorsaccessorieslifesled repaircontact us

select page




chuck pattersoni'm so happy with it i will never change sleds. the handles are big and easy to grab hold of even under extremely gnarly conditions.  more…
ls1
ls2
inflatable





















































































































































































































































































difference








transoms








carabiners








bungees








snap shackles








outline








u-bolts








dyneema
®








nose guards








handles








straps








tail








rails








construction








materials











































the lifesled differencewahoo international’s gary fisher designed and manufactured the first lifesled pwc rescue board back in 1990 at the behest of hawaiian lifeguards brian keaulana and terry ahue. since then every lifesled has benefited from over 28 years of r&d and field testing by industry’s finest watermen operating in worlds most extreme conditions. our long history has given us a deep understanding of how rescue sleds behave while being towed behind jet skis in tumultuous water, and has yielded boards that are stronger, safer, and more stable than any other competing product on the market. our lifesleds are designed to last for many years and don’t include extraneous gimmicks that can hurt people in immediate need of help. you won’t find any parts protruding through our thoughtfully designed rescue boards or anything else that can come loose and hurt someone. our rescue boards are overbuilt for turbulent water conditions to enhance the performance and stability of both the rescue sled and the boat pulling it.
the lifesled differencewahoo international’s gary fisher designed and manufactured the first lifesled pwc rescue board back in 1990 at the behest of hawaiian lifeguards brian keaulana and terry ahue. since then every lifesled has benefited from over 28 years of r&d and field testing by industry’s finest watermen operating in worlds most extreme conditions. our long history has given us a deep understanding of how rescue sleds behave while being towed behind jet skis in tumultuous water, and has yielded boards that are stronger, safer, and more stable than any other competing product on the market. our lifesleds are designed to last for many years and don’t include extraneous gimmicks that can hurt people in immediate need of help. you won’t find any parts protruding through our thoughtfully designed rescue boards or anything else that can come loose and hurt someone. our rescue boards are overbuilt for turbulent water conditions to enhance the performance and stability of both the rescue sled and the boat pulling it.transom adaptors




lifesleds
ls1 rescue board
ls2 rescue board
inflatable rescue board
transom adaptors
accessories
store
cart
checkout
account details
logoutwahoo international
1315 hot spring way, ste 106vista, ca 92081email: info@lifesled.comphone: (760) 509-4053monday–saturday: 9am to 5pmterms of useprivacy policyreturn policyshipping

facebook
copyright © 2024 wahoo international, all rights reserved.the sled i trust my life on!!! "by far the best sled on the market." garret mcnamara
pin it on pinterest
















share this


facebook



twitter



google+



pinterest

  



