













visit etruria: tuscany and umbria together






















































































skip to content






 



















 





etruria
what to see
what to do
 

 


etruria
what to see
what to do
 

















 








visit

etruria:

tuscany and umbria together











 













etruria is a historical region in central italy between the arno and tiber rivers. starting the ninth century bce, it was inhabited by the etruscans, the major italic power before the romans. however, etruria is not only home to etruscan archaeology, it represents the historical and cultural heritage of every era. this is why it is visited by millions of tourists from all over the world each year.
the most important etruscan cities, which belonged to the etruscan league, numbered 12 in total. the eastern ones are closer to each other and farther from the others. moreover, they are all located near the border between umbria and tuscany. there are five of them: arezzo, cortona, chiusi, perugia and orvieto. these still rank among the main cities of eastern etruria from all points of view, but there is also much more that is worth visiting nearby.
if you’re planning a trip to tuscany or umbria, bear in mind that you can choose to visit them in eastern etruria. there are two main roads, both high-speed: one is the a1 motorway that connects florence to orvieto, the other is the dual carriageway that connects siena to perugia. they intersect near the valdichiana tollbooth, where the outlet village is located.
if you are passionate about history, art, spirituality, nature, food, shopping and relaxation, you should not miss out on a visit to eastern etruria, the ideal place to go on holiday between umbria and tuscany. 










eastern

etruria captured in a few images





lakes and islands 



 










gentle hills 



 










important cities 



 










impressive towns 



 










famous sets 



 










renaissance 




 sailko, cc by 3.0












medieval traditions 




 municipality of arezzo, cc by-sa 3.0












etruscan art 




 sailko, cc by-sa 3.0












small discoveries 



 










thermal baths 




 terme san giovanni












outlet village 



 










fast roads 



 
















frequently asked questions 










what is meant by etruria? 



etruria is a historical region of central italy between the tyrrhenian sea and the arno and tiber rivers.




what does etruria correspond to? 



etruria corresponds to present-day south-central tuscany, western umbria and northern lazio.




why is it called etruria? 



the name etruria derives from the etruscans, a people who inhabited it between the ninth and first centuries bce. their name in turn derives from the latin etruscus, of unknown etymology.




what are the people of etruria called? 



today the inhabitants of etruria as such are not called in any particular way; if necessary, they might be called etruscans.




what were the major etruscan cities? 



there were 12 cities in the etruscan league, but it is not known exactly what they were. the etruscan cities mentioned most frequently in the theories on the etruscan dodecapolis are: arezzo, cerveteri, chiusi, cortona, orvieto, perugia, populonia, roselle, tarquinia, veio, vetulonia, volterra and vulci. 



where were the main etruscan cities concentrated? 



the etruscan cities were concentrated more in eastern etruria, where there was also the sanctuary fanum voltumnae, near orvieto. this sanctuary was where the etruscan league met. 



what is meant by eastern etruria? 



eastern etruria is a region straddling umbria and tuscany. it is certainly bordered by the arno and tiber rivers, while to the west it may extend almost as far as siena and florence. it includes the ancient etruscan cities of arezzo, cortona, chiusi, perugia and orvieto. 



is this website only about eastern etruria? 



visit etruria is dedicated to promoting tourism in eastern etruria without forgetting its surroundings. therefore it aims to be a reference website for tourists who want to visit umbria and tuscany comfortably, while staying in one place.




where is the best place to stay when visiting? 



eastern etruria is a region almost completely devoted to tourism, but it may be useful to know that the valdichiana tollbooth (in bettolle) is at the center of this region. 














 










etruria
what to see
what to do
 


etruria
what to see
what to do
 








become a partner
privacy policy
cookie policy
 


become a partner
privacy policy
cookie policy
 









etruria turismon.a. le piagge, 90a – 52044 cortona (ar) – italy

info@visitetruria.com 




  






0

 


















