


toysandmusic.com - your one stop shop for wrestling merchandise!














 





   




































products:

newest items

awa remcos

wcw galoobs

wwe items

wwf ljns

wwf hasbros


replica belts

rare products


ebay auctions








 site
                              search




 exact match search
















 





























  
 le fastcounter

































 



  
toysandmusic.com is for sale!  owner and founder, brenden m. moore is in pursuit of other 
				educational and professional interests.  in turn, he is selling complete ownership rights to 
				toysandmusic.com. 
				toysandmusic.com is an industry leader in vintage wrestling merchandise.  
				 the business is renowned for maintaining a diverse and thorough inventory, offering items at
				 competitive prices, and providing the highest quality customer service.  toysandmusic.com is
				 the original online retailer of such memorabilia as:
				awa remcos, wcw galoobs, wwf hasbros, and wwf ljns.
                                    
				
				during brenden's eight year reign as owner, toysandmusic has done business in all fifty 
				states and in over fifteen countries. as owner, brenden was able to develop strategic 
				relationships with companies such as amazon.com, google, commission junction, and fast click.
				in turn, these strategic relationships have allowed toysandmusic to partner with larger 
				companies such as ebay, kb toys, toys r us, and world wrestling entertainment (wwe).
  
				
				over the course of eight years, toysandmusic.com has grown significantly. toysandmusic.com has realized annual increases in 
				per capita sales each year it has been in operation. total sales have increased seven out of eight years.
				outside industries have contacted toysandmusic.com to partake in various projects and partnerships.  
				in mid 2003, hbo contacted toysandmusic.com about obtaining rights to certain photographs for a wrestling special which aired that 
				june.  later that year, toysandmusic.com entered into a partnership with wicked figures of london, england to 
				distribute their line of licensed collectibles.
				

				
			
				over the past few years, toysandmusic.com has reached new milestones.  in 2004, photographs 
				taken from toysandmusic.com were featured throughout the popular paperback collector's book, 
				the pro wrestling action figure guide.  in 2005 toysandmusic.com received its two millionth
				visitor.
				

				so far 2006 seems to indicate a growing demand for wrestling collectibles.  jakks 
				pacific, one of the largest toy producers in the world, continues to manufacture the classic 
				wrestling superstars line which can be purchased at any major toy retailer.  it has become a
				known fact, that the classic wrestling action figures are outselling the wrestling stars of 
				today.  this is clearly a positive indicator for the continued financial success of 
				toysandmusic.com.
				
the future appears to be bright within this industry.  why not enter this growing 
				market by purchasing one of the most recognized names within it?  if you are interested 
				in purchasing this established business please contact brenden via email at  
				
				brendenmoore@optonline.net.

                                    



				

























































information:

 payment options
shipping options
our guarantee
 sell your items
testimonials
supporters
sponsors
history
                   


faq  


contact us













view wtwiw commercial


































































