

_______*elegance~



















friday, june 29, 2007
a letter to goddear god,i somehow felt lost, in a world that i never knew.  the people around me seems so fake, so vague and i sometimes felt that i was deceived by what they appear to be.  they only care when things go wrong.  where on earth are the true friends that i once knew.  a fake embrace, a fake smile, everything seems so clear when you are not doing well spiritually.  i told god that i want to go back to where i want to be, in his presence, somewhere where i belong.  the church, the cellgroup, the friends, the family.  everything seems to fade away when you are not close to them or when you are too long away from them.  it felt so hard to come back again.  i tried going to an adult cg but i don't seem to fit in.  adults are not what i want to see.  they go to church, cg but after that they don't seem to fellowship.  there's no relationship~ god i just don't fit anywhere! i don't have a place where i can belong.  friends seems far. people seems far. you seem even further, although you are nearer to me than my closest breath.  god i do not want to fall away, but it seems like i've left your presence, your house. lord, lead me to them.  love,grace

 i yakked @
                                                                       6/29/2007 09:22:00 pm

monday, february 26, 2007
xiao tang tangxiao tang tang....that's what karen always say during a certain timing of the day when i really go mad. haha! can't stand myself for my crappiness sometimes.  without any hesitations i will talk and yak all my nonsense....for moments later, karen will also go siao with me.  we joked! laughed! threw paper clips at each other to distract one another from the horrendous work habits! haha! today a new guy came to replace me before my operation! i'm glad that someone that's here to replace me isn't some crack from woodbridge....ordered mcdonalds' meal today and the delivery man...errrr ewwwww...look like some crack who escaped from woodbridge.  he refused to give me my orders at first and constantly combed his oily unwashed hair. he look like a total freak! sorry to comment but it totally freaked karen and i out....the fries turned out to be so soggy and oily that karen and i thought that he put his hair oil into the fries. ewwwww!!! i was the one that commented on that, it nearly made karen threw away her fries.  my point is, don't order mcdonalds unless you are extremely hungry and want something to fill your tummy! coz high cholestrol from all the oily fries and....the burger is oily too!9 more days to surgery! haha!

 i yakked @
                                                                       2/26/2007 08:27:00 pm

saturday, february 17, 2007
 chinese new year reunion dinnerwow! another time of reunion dinner.  a time to get to know my relatives more and to catch up with them. sometimes i do  dread  going for reunion dinner because of the things that they are going to say.  things like "when are you getting attached?" and "where are you working right now"(*pui* every year,same topic same questions).  just don't understand! give me a break sia! just keep quiet and have a peaceful and wonderful dinner.  that's what reunion dinner is all about.  fun and get together. not to mention the wonderful food that's going to be on the table.  mum has been preparing day in day out for this reunion dinner. hai~ i'm forced to help her cut all the gross stuffs.  can you imagine dried oranges, lotus and fruits that she's adding to the "yu-sheng".  although it can be yummy, but there's a whole lot of work being done.  she spends like 5 to 10 hours to cut all the ingredients.  wah, if it were me, i'd just bring the whole family out for a nice dinner. it's without hassle and the fear of cutting or ruining your wonder nails and smooth hands. although mom really spent a lot of time to prepare all those stuffs, but i'm glad that mama cooked my favorite lotus peanut soup!  yummy! delicious! that i can drink and eat for days and days.  not to mention, i don't like seafood and other slimmy weird stuffs that they put into the soup of the steamboat.  haha! yearly mama has headache coz i don't eat those stuffs. she has to purposely prepare vegetables and meatballs just for me to throw into the steamboat! i'm a pain in the neck when it comes to food, coz i don't want to have zits and bad skin after you consume all those stuffs.  must drink lots of liang teh and also detox my body.  lots of fattening food around these days when we go for visiting.  i haven't even do my shopping for clothes! don't know how ar! think i shall wear my old clothes, since everything looks new to them...tee hee hee

 i yakked @
                                                                       2/17/2007 06:15:00 pm

friday, january 26, 2007
 food poisoning day 1 the medication didn't really help much too.  can you imagine that the stupid clinic's nurse was so rude!!!!  was on the phone all the time and half the time i was wondering if she had given me the wrong medication.  and she kept herself on the phone, yaking with her friend.  she just threw the medication and expect a sick person like me to put my own medication into the plastic bag!  wah! i wanted to write a complaint and have her fired.  what horrible attitude!  i was standing there wanting her to do the job but she kept yaking on the phone!  i was angry and just walked away, without the plastic bag and chucked the whole stack of medication into my pocket.  in my mind i didn't want to come into the clinic again but i've got no choice but to step into it coz it's a desinated clinic for us to use and not pay a single cent.  food poisoning day 2 i'm going back to that horrible service clinic again.  stomach feels extremely weird...nearly quarrelled with dad coz he kept forcing me to consult the other doctors....but i wanna stick to see company doctor coz i don't have to pay a single cent. he doesn't understand and insist that i consult another doctor.  he kept believing that chinese medication and the polyclinic would do me good....kept shouting and screaming for no reason at me.  i kept feeling that my head spun more and more the minute he kept screaming.  why can't he bring the message across normally and not scream at me for no reason.  maybe to him it feels frustrating bringing this message across coz i believed that he too was brought up in an environment where quarrels were inevitable in that family.  i'm sick as a well as frustrated today!  stomache and feeling nausea about everything that i've eaten and kept wanting to go to the loo.

 i yakked @
                                                                       1/26/2007 08:25:00 am

thursday, january 25, 2007
having diarrhaoe....... i'm glad to have great colleagues who constantly are so concern about me!!!!

 i yakked @
                                                                       1/25/2007 09:35:00 am

friday, january 19, 2007
today's a super lazy day....no boss around...hahaha...no one's around!  so lazy...been acting indian lately with karen.  hahahahaha....what a wonderful time with "shanti".....

 i yakked @
                                                                       1/19/2007 05:22:00 pm

sunday, august 27, 2006
a new blogspotguess i will be posting some of my thoughts here.....http://decision-to-love.blogspot.com/you can alternatively click on "my say"....under the friends column.be blessed!

 i yakked @
                                                                       8/27/2006 06:09:00 pm



disclaimer
                                                                       whoo woooooooooo
                                                                       

the one & onli
                                                                       fashionista

                                                                       grace quek aka gq
                                                                       working
                                                                       lover of god


well of words


view shoutbox

free shoutbox @ shoutmix



exits
 city harvest church  
 kenrus yee  
 yu jiejin  
 gt zone  
 brendan tan  
 jasmine lim  
 melissa goh  


archives
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
november 2005
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
july 2006
august 2006
january 2007
february 2007
june 2007






