

jigsaws galore jigsaw puzzle game












play and create jigsaws from 4 to 64,000 pieces.

the powerful, easy to use jigsaw game suitable for all ages.




























home



screenshots



testimonials



download



purchase



more jigsaws



upgrades




contact











find us on facebook



















 



 


welcome to thejigsaws galore web site






playing jigsaws has never been so much fun!




playing jigsaws has never been so much fun!



choose how many pieces you want for any jigsaw, from 4 to 64,000.
authentic classical piece shapes, plus extra fun shapes to choose from.
choose the thickness of pieces from foil, paper, card or chunky wood.
customize the size, shape and thickness of pieces,
  even while solving a jigsaw.
optionally sort and arrange pieces by similar shape and color automatically.
create trays to store and solve parts of the jigsaw puzzle.
arrange pieces around the edge of the board.
adjustable background ghost image helps solving.
pieces can be randomly rotated for an even greater challenge, or try
  to "beat the clock".
create your own new jigsaws. capture images from the internet or use your digital camera or scanner to turn your
  favorite photos into jigsaws.
send your own created jigsaws to friends who also have jigsaws galore.
customize windows with supplied "skins" or add your own.
includes a host of fun cheat modes,
  "mystery" mode, undo/redo, sounds, 
  screensaver, wallpaper and much more...
click here for more screenshots.
download our free edition now!

system requirements:

windows edition: any windows computer running xp, vista, windows 7, 8, 10 or 11
mac edition: any intel or apple silicon based mac running macos 10.8 or higher

buy now !


 



 



          







home page | 
      other games | 
      online store | 
      privacy, security & cookies | 
      contact










 e-mail:  
© gray design associates 
   2001 - 
     
all rights reserved
  
 last modified:
     





 



