







 






home - cynamed

























































































































 











 













skip to content
















 
 call or text: (412) 325-3420















 
applicant login





 
employee calendar




















 




						we work with the best in the industry - so will you
					the difference is our people 
we are a staffing agency that places rns, lpns, cnas and med techs in assisted living facilities, personal care homes and skilled facilities in western, pennsylvania. we have built long-term relationships with our healthcare clients so we’re the first to know about the best positions in the area. we’re looking for short-term, long-term, and permanent employees for both full-time and part-time positions.

 











 

					looking for work 

 







 

					looking to hire nurses? 

 






















 




							nurse resources						


						are you an rn, lpn, cna or med tech looking for resources? if so, you’ve come to the right place. we offer free resources for each practice area. click here to check out what we have for you.
					













 




							nurses! apply now						


						we're looking for rns, lpns, cnas and med techs with up to date certificates or licenses that are looking for work. sorry, we do not do license renewals but if you're ready to apply you can do that now!
					













 




							covid-19 information						


						review our latest updates on covid-19 and how it’s affecting the healthcare and assisted living field.

					

























facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 



pinterest
 



instagram
 














 









menu

 


apply
our approach

the cynamed way
testimonials
how it works


job types

skilled nursing

cna jobs
lpn jobs
rn jobs


personal care

personal care aide (pca)




nursing resources

rn resources
cna resources
lpn resources
pca resources
nurse essentials
purchase scrubs here
social media
faq


blog
news

covid-19 protocols
covid-19 vaccine
cpr classes


contact
job board











 



















 








						we are cynamed 
					here’s what we do 








help the healthcare community














we have strong relationships with local employers and understand the local healthcare staffing trendsat cynamed, we are experts at working around your schedule, whether you need short-term, long-term, or permanent employmentwe take your personal work-life balance needs seriously when making your match 





hire rn’s, lpn’s, cna’s and certified med techs














working with us is as simple as applying on our website or visiting us in person. we will take an in-depth look at your skillset and workplace needs to find the perfect fit for you. instead of simply looking at your skill set or professional license, our recruiters will take the time to get to know you. by doing so, they will be able to find the best possible match within our selection of client facilities, medical practices, and hospitals.  





find you your dream job














cynamed takes a different approach to how healthcare professionals find work. our recruiting and staffing specialists hold expertise far beyond what you find in most hr departments. thanks to cynamed, many health workers in western pennsylvania and ohio have found their dream occupation.  



 




















job alerts sent directly to your phone 
be among the first to be notified of an available job in your area. after applying, you could start working in as little as 24 hours.

 



 

					signup for alerts 

 




















february 5, 2025 licensed practical nurses: the heart of care in senior living communities




january 8, 2025 how cynamed connects skilled healthcare professionals with fulfilling careers




december 4, 2024 med tech mastery: what it takes to excel in nursing homes


 











 
work with us





 
our approach





 
contact





 
our blog











 



 






 






facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 



pinterest
 



instagram
 






 











 










apply here
go to top






2327


				enter your phone number			




job alerts
get the latest job alerts sent to your phone!


first name* last name* phone*email*

address*



city

alabamaalaskaamerican samoaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotanorthern mariana islandsohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahu.s. virgin islandsvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingarmed forces americasarmed forces europearmed forces pacific
state


zip code


healthcare discipline*otherrnlpncnacertified med techpersonal care aide
facility work experience*

hospital


skilled nursing facility


personal care facility


assisted living facility


group home


medical practice
preferred shift*


first shift



second shift



third shift
do you have weekend availability?*


yes



no
captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 








94017δ

 

			close			





































































































