


 




php shopping cart, sell software license key code, create web site subscription manager







 




 home






sell digital downloads


secure subscription manager


sell license codes


about us



			  other
			

blog
ebooks
gallery




withinweb






php / mysql web applications
email: 







 



sell digital downloads


a php shopping cart system to sell digital downloads and physical goods from your 
			web site.


subscription manager


a php subscription manager application to control login to folders on your web site 
			using paypal subscription payments.


sell software license codes


a php application to sell software license key codes, phone codes or other pre-generated 
			keys from your web site.



 



ebook - php tutorials: programming with php and mysql

an ebook on php and mysql covering many aspects of programming available as a 
            kindle or pdf download and a physical book.


ebook - jquery e-commerce shopping cart

an ebook look that looks at creating a shopping cart using jquery, html and css.


ebook - html beginners: basics of web design

an ebook on html web design and application of styles available as a kindle or pdf download.



 



php ecommerce shopping cart
php-eseller is a php/mysql application used to sell digital 
			downloads (such as mp3, software, ebooks, pdf, graphics, video etc), and physical 
            (tangible) items after payment through a php shopping cart.
benefits :

add buy now buttons by hand to an existing web design
                or display products using a fully featured php shopping cart
look and feel of php shopping cart is easily modified by an html template system
all transactions are checked to prevent fraud and spoofing
location of digital files are hidden and cannot be deduced by casual browsers of the web site
downloads are limited by time and number of attempts
all completed sales are recorded in the database
customer is sent an email with a link to the download area
all pages written in php and script is not encrypted

php-eseller is for :

anyone looking to integrate a digital shopping cart system into an existing web site
sellers who wish to add a powerful php shopping cart to their site
site designers who need to quickly add a system for their clients
bands and musicians who wish sell their music on line from their own site

system requirements
 
            		

php 7 and 8
apache web server or windows iis
an ssl certificate on your web server to use https for communications with paypal
mysql database version 5 or higher
linux, freebsd or windows operating system on the web server
a paypal business or premier account (if using paypal) sign up 
	here.
email functionality on the web server so that the php scripts can send out emails to customers.
most web hosts now have php and mysql as standard so you should not have any issue in finding 
	a basic web hosting plan.  we have found web hosts such as siteground.com and lunarpages.com 
	to meet requirements.  email us if you require advice.

further information
 detailed documentation»
online demos »
pricing »
contacts »
customer list »


php subscription manager
php-securearea is a php membership script which allows authorized members to 
			login to a secure area of a web site after the purchase of a paypal subscription.
benefits :

create as many secure membership areas as you like, each with differing costs and time limits
subscriptions can be either on a recurring (installments) or non-recurring basis
members are automatically added after a confirmed paypal payment via ipn
login to secure area is automatically ended when the subscription period is complete
members may be added and removed manually
all completed sales are recorded in the database
in built checks to ensure that paypal payments are valid and to prevent spoofing
customers are automatically sent an email with username / password
all pages written in php and script is not encrypted

php-securearea is for :

anyone who wishes to have a secure login script to areas of their web site
web designers who need a membership php script which is straight forward to install and use
sellers who require paid subscription login to defined areas of their web site.

system requirements


php 7 and 8
apache web server or similar.
an ssl certificate on your web server to use https for communications with paypal.
mysql database version 3.23 or higher.
linux or freebsd operating system (not windows) on the web server.
a paypal business or premier account - sign up here.
customers require a validated paypal account and credit card to be able to set up subscriptions.
email functionality on the web server so that the php scripts can send out emails to customers.
if you are looking for a suitable host for you site, i would recommend.
the basic web hosting plan from siteground.com or lunarpages.com which have the required features 
for this application.

further information
detailed documentation »
online demos »
pricing »
contacts»



 



sell software lincese key codes online
php-keycodes is a php/mysql application which is used to sell key codes, such as 
                software keys, pin numbers, or phone pin numbers automatically with paypal.
benefits :

the pin number is automatically sent to the customer by email after successful purchase with paypal.
a purchased pin number is removed from the database allowing the next pin number to be purchased.
simple to configure and install.
administration displays show sales and transactions.
administration displays are responsive design and hence work will on mobile devices
built in testing facilities to check the operation.
all transactions are checked to prevent fraud and spoofing
all payments and credit card transactions are handled by paypal
all pages written in php and script is not encrypted

php-keycodes is for :

site designers who require a system that is easy to install and maintain
anyone who wishes to sell license key codes from their web site
sellers who want an easy method of creating a purchase system on their site.

system requirements


php 7 and 8
apache web server
an ssl certificate on your web server to use https for communications with paypal
mysql database version 3.23 or higher
linux, freebsd or windows operating system on the web server
a paypal business or premier account - sign up here.
email functionality on the web server so that the php scripts can send 
      out emails to customers.
if you are looking for a suitable host for you site, i would recommend the basic web hosting plan 
	from siteground which has all the required features for this application.

further information



detailed documentation »



online demos »



pricing »



contacts »




a wordpress plugin to sell software key codes
wordpress php-keycodes is a wordpress plugin designed to sell key codes, such as 
			software keys, pin numbers, or phone pin numbers automatically with paypal.
the plugin is similar to the stand alone version also available from this web site.
system requirements
you should have the latest version of wordpress on your web server.



 



ebook - php tutorials: programming with php and mysql

this kindle book is a set of tutorials covering aspects of php programming and using mysql 
            with php to create dynamic web applications.  the ebook is currently available through 
            amazon kindle store and a physical version of the book is also available.  the book covers 
            the following:

introduction - variables, programming techniques and so on
forms and php - posting data between forms
basic php structures - include files and how to use them
sql and mysql - querying database tables using sql
using php and mysql - connecting to mysql with php
further php and mysql - more php and mysql
error handling and debugging - simple methods to find errors
cookies and sessions - when and where to use them
modifying records - editing and updating databases with php and sql
classes - an introduction to object orientated programming
file handling - reading and writing to text files
regular expressions and validation - some validation methods
sql injection - some methods to overcome this issue
jquery - an introduction to jquery



ebook - jquery e-commerce shopping cart

this kindle book illustrates the various technologies needed to create a complete shopping cart application 
				using front-end web programming based on javascript, html and css. the ebook is currently available through 
				amazon store and covers the following:

introduction - basic concepts
responsive web design - displaying on different devices
using jquery to manipulate the dom - the tree-like structure of the web page
jquery animation and other effects - using fadein, fadeout and others
cookies, session and local storage - advantages and disadvantes of each
json format - structure of the format
fetching an external json file - fetching onto an array
displaying the web page - load json and display
local storage shopping cart - a shopping cart system
paypal ipn in php -  a look atpaypal ipn
shopping cart with ipn - adding ipn to the cart system
ajax and flickr api - a look at flickr api
using xampp - install xampp




 



ebook - html beginners: basics of web design

this kindle book starts with an introduction to html and then takes the reader through the 
                concepts of styles and how to apply them.  the ebook is currently available through 
                amazon kindle store and covers the following:

introduction - an introduction to html.
html tags – a look at standard html tags.
images and tables - using images and creating tables.
styles and stylesheets - different ways to use styles.
further styles - definitions and further examples.
site examples - a site layout.
lists and menus - creating navigation.
graphics – graphic concepts and photoshop.
layouts – some principles of design.
adding functionality - jquery and other features.
htaccess file - examples of using an htaccess file.
site set up – domain names and search optimisation.
forms – formatting and layout of forms.
html 5 design – features of html 5.
responsive design – a responsive design example.






 



resources :
 
				
				hints, tips and tricks : a free pdf on selling digital downloads

 
				
				hints, tips and tricks : a free pdf on selling digital key codes from your web site

 
				
				a web site with details about php-eseller
 
| uk  | copyright © 2004-2025 | 










