









home page - empty tomb, inc.











































 













skip to content

 









mission match
about us
giving research
publications
archives
the potential











home page 

1
estimated number of children under 5who have died since the beginning of 2025.
most die from preventable poverty conditions and many are in areas where they have never heard the good news of jesus christ. we do have the ability, in jesus’ name, to stop this tragedy. *
jesus teaches never give up (luke 18:1) and that we who are jesus’ friends (john 15:12-15) can have anything we ask for (john 14:12-14; 15:16; 16:23).
are you ready to do something in jesus’ name about reducing these child deaths? click here for info to share with your church about an empty tomb, inc. mission match matching contribution.
see empty tomb press releases here.
see all the empty tomb youtube videos here.
video below:    “21 seconds = 1 child dying globally from treatable causes. intentional miracles are needed!“




research featured on this web site shows church members have great resources at their disposal.
our archives are where you can learn even more about how to help dying children.
the potential highlights the possibilities of what can be accomplished with increased giving.
you are invited to join us in praying that the historically christian church in the u.s.a. will mobilize to increase giving to help, in jesus’ name, stop global child deaths.
* studies find child deaths can be stopped. click here for the studies.
* jesus says we have the power to stop child deaths. click here for information.

the state of church giving through 2021: intentional miracles (33rd edition, may 2024)
is available…

through check and order form
through wipfandstock.com
through amazon.com
through barnes&noble.com
paypal account or debit and credit card via paypal


source for the figure of 4,891,000 child deaths in 2022 that is used in the counter for 2025: united nations inter-agency group for child mortality estimation; child mortality report 2023; https://childmortality.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/un-igme-2023-child-mortality-report.pdf; p. 11 of 3/16/2024 download, 6/11/2024 printout.©2001–2025 empty tomb®, inc. all rights reserved. for information on citing the copyrighted materials of this site, please see the empty tomb, inc. trademark and copyright information page. the contents of this web site pertaining to the works and name of works of empty tomb, inc., including but not limited to, christian family to family relationships, christian health services, clothing work, free food work, furniture work, helping work, home maintenance work, the national money for missions program (nmmp), mission match, wake the sleeping giant, and discipleship tree are property of empty tomb, inc. additionally, the yoking map, in name or in concept, as well as the faces of the children of the world, may not be used or reproduced, stored, or transmitted in any form without prior expressed written permission of empty tomb, inc. the opinions and philosophies of the web sites to which this empty tomb site has linked are those of their authors and not necessarily shared by empty tomb, inc.empty tomb®, inc.





other linksemptytomb tv
employment opportunities through empty tomb®, inc.
local works – champaign county, ilmake a donation
donate usable items
opportunities newslettersopportunities newsletters available





 


 “mobilizing the church to help the children in jesus’ name”

home
mission match
about us
research
publications
archives
the potential
contact us
 ©2001-2025 | copyright empty tomb, inc. | page revised: 2021-12-01 | ph: 217-356-2262 | email: info@emptytomb.org

 

















