


mission america christian views on cultural issues | biblical marriage | pro life















 


christian commentary on the culture
 
 
 








≡

home
articles
 the basics homosexual agenda targeting youth gender deviance and our kids school propaganda calendar life matters sex ed extremism hate crimes, bullying, free speech marriage the porn epidemic homosexuality and health sodom: the sin of pride homosexuality and christianity the new paganism compromised christianity questions about christianity? islam and cultural terrorism the future of america archived articles  
to christians
resources

downloadable posters
videos
newsletters
radio show

sitemap


about us

about mission america
linda harvey's bio
linda harvey's testimony


contact


   
 
 
 




  
 


top 20 fed education program ‘death wish’ listas the trump administration evaluates the department of education and hopefully plans to shut the... school corruption & propaganda calendarupdated for school year 2024-25

[note: we have updated with the information we have at... making trump orders a reality in schoolsthe whiplash of good news could make our heads hurt, but isn’t it glorious? one after another...   
 
 
 



the latest from linda harveyare you grateful? then votedo you consider yourself blessed to live in america? if so, do you vote in every election?

are you also a christian?

if you don’t vote, then you really aren’t that grateful. perhaps you takeread more... urgent! abstinence programs in ohio need fundsfriends, please read the letter below from catherine wood of the ohio adolescent health centers. this large, long-established network of groups bringing abstinence -until-marriage sex education toread more... keep kids home! glsen takes gloves off on "day of no silence"mission america urges parents to keep students home

(april 5, columbus, oh) the solar eclipse will not be the only episode of national darkness this week. recently, the gay, lesbian and straightread more... halloween: gender deceivers' favorite holiday(this article is from several years ago yet is even more relevant today)

so now even playboy can’t help itself. a recent centerfold is a deceiver—a man pretending to be a woman.

it’sread more... abortion supporters and beheaded babiestoday i am asking you to search your hearts.

both conservatives and progressives in america claim to support human rights. but when confronted with the logical consequences of our ideas, whichread more... will ohio beat michigan and defeat the abortion radicals?the annual gridiron contest between ohio and michigan is a cherished, intense rivalry, and every year, the people of ohio cheer on their team, hoping the buckeyes capture that victory.

this year,read more...   
 


article categories
 the basics homosexual agenda targeting youth gender deviance and our kids school propaganda calendar life matters sex ed extremism hate crimes, bullying, free speech marriage the porn epidemic homosexuality and health sodom: the sin of pride homosexuality and christianity the new paganism compromised christianity questions about christianity? islam and cultural terrorism the future of america archived articles   

hot links

listen to linda harvey on mission america radio!order book, "maybe he's not gay"linda harvey on close alliance between "lgbt" and pro-abortion agendasquestions and answers for kids about homosexualityto our critics... 
 
 





search

 
mission america does not support or condone threats or violence and we disavow anyone who demonstrates these behaviors. we advocate for civil and professional behavior when speaking to government representatives. use your voice with passion, but never use violence.
would you like to support mission america? click the button below for a secure, online donation.


linda hosts a radio show on wrfd and is a frequent guest on talk shows coast to coast.

listen to linda's weekly commentary on american family radio.
  
 
 
     all contents copyright © 2025 - mission america we are a 501(c) (3) non-profit organization for federal income tax purposes.         search               



