



 college transition group




























home



about me

our staff
who ctg has worked with: writings, interviews, and presentations


welcome to ctg!
blog
talk & seminar schedule
contact
recommended links






facebook
twitter


college transition group
college transition group
stay updated via rss 













 
 




recent posts


rooli casino review and free chips bonus


twin river casino lincoln


united kingdom approved online casinos


winners in uk casinos


best gambling site united kingdom


recent comments 






welcome to ctg!


welcome to the college transition group!
“dr. eric bierker is a retired high school counselor and an expert in educational psychology, specializing in helping students transition from high school to college. he holds a ph.d. in educational psychology from temple university. over his career, bierker has worked extensively in counseling roles, including as an outreach counselor for college freshmen at millersville university. his work focuses on the challenges students face during the college transition, such as academic adjustments, mental health, and social integration.
bierker is best known for his book, on the edge: transitioning imaginatively to college, which provides insights and strategies for students and parents to navigate this critical period effectively. he is also the founder of the college transition group, a consulting service designed to support students and families in preparing for college.” (from chatgpt). 
i wrote this book to help kids do better in college, particularly those who don’t have all the advantages. a simple mission.
get book here on lulu (hard copy)
get book here on kindle
eric bierker, ph.d., owner of college transition group, ebierker@gmail.com
 








social connections

facebooktwitter 




blog roll

documentation
plugins
suggest ideas
support forum 

themes
wordpress blog
wordpress planet 






recent comments







home   |			
		 about me  |   our staff  |   blog  |   talk & seminar schedule  |   welcome to ctg!  |   contact	
		 |  posts rss
		 |  comments rss


© 2010 college transition group. all rights reserved. greyzed theme created by the forge web creations. powered by wordpress.



