   reliable web hosting. not fly by night "cheap web hosting" !       support login hosting servicesweb hostingresellerswebsite builderwordpress hostingadditional serviceswebsite buildersaffiliate programdomains registrationssl certificates — freescripts autoinstallerspecial offershelp centertechnical supportvideo tutorialsf.a.q.knowledge baseabout us  www.    .com.net.org.info.biz.us.tv.in.ws.co.uk.ca.co.pw.de.me.uk.tel.pro.es  hosting servicesweb hostingfrom $2.9 per monthimunify includedphp / mysql / perl / pythonweb site buildermultiple domains in accountall packagestest 10 days for freewordpress hostingfrom $2.5 per monthwordpress pre-installedeasy-to-use control panelfree domain namefree ssl certificateall packagestest 10 days for freewebsite builderfrom $2.9 per monthonline web site buildercreate site for 15 minuteseasy to usefree online store functionsall packagestest 10 days for freeresellersfrom $8.75 per month100 gb ssd disk spacehosting service resellingwhm/cpanel accountunlimited domainsall packagestest 10 days for freeadditional serviceswebsite buildersaffiliate programwebsite promotiondomain registrationsoftware licensesssl certificates – freewebsite buildersavahost clients have access to our site builders for free. with the help of these tools any webmaster regardless of their skill level will be able to build a professional, beautiful, and functional website by themselves. you will not need any special knowledge or additional software. the creation process takes place through a browser with a help of a step by step guide.more...affiliate programwe will pay you a commission of 35% of every payment by customers referred by you to our web hosting service. this commission is recurring for as long the client you referred remains a customer of avahost.affiliates can be paid via paypal, mailed check if within the united states or wire transfers.more...website promotionwebsite promotion is the continuing process used by webmasters to promote and bring more visitors to a website. many techniques can be used to increase a site's traffic. we offer seo related services such as web content development, search engine optimization, search engine submission etc.more...domain registrationwe offer  domain name registration  service for about 20 of the most popular domain zones. (domain.com, domain.net, domain.org, domain.biz, domain.info, domain.us and others...)
per request is available registration in other domain zones ( available more than 150 zones ). also we offer free domain name registration for customers who order our web hosting service.more...software licenseswe offer commercial licenses for website development scripts and other software designed to create or maintain internet resources. for our customers we can offer up to 30% discount code.  (affiliate store builder, classified script, coupon script, cpanel, ispmanager, softaculous etc.)more...ssl certificates – freewe offer free ssl certificates for all customers! ssl creates an encrypted connection between your web server and your visitors' web browser. with ssl certificate you can be sure that the information you enter (contact or credit card information) is secured. you can access a site securely by changing the url from http:// to https:// and your visitors will see a padlock icon in web browsers.more...60 day money back guaranteewe will return your payment if you are unsatisfied with our service within 60 days! give us a chance and if you’re unhappy, well give you your money back!99% uptime guaranteeyour site is guaranteed to stay up 99% of the time within a calendar month. if that’s not the case, we’ll refund your payment for that month!established in 2001avahost has been providing hosting and domain registration solutions for over 20 years. since 2001 for united states and other english speaking countries, and starting in 2002 expanded to eurasian region.24 hour customer supportour customer support employees work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. you can be sure, that if needed we’re always there to provide you with assistance. you can contact us by phone, on-line chat, email, or our customer support ticket system.our partnerscustomer reviews all testimonialsi’d like to share my experience with avahost. i prefer to do business with us based companies. i found that even if the offered services are the same, they can afford to lower their prices, which was a key decision making factor. i’ve looked at a large amount of hosting offers from other companies that are based within usa and decided on avahost. i wrote them a short letter…gurgen tagvoryan24.04.2020http://www.iguanus.comi’d like to say that i was pleasantly surprised by the fast response time from the support staff and their willingness to assist me with my problems. i’ve never really believed all the positive reviews that i read on this site. and now for the first time i wanted to write about the people who work here. you guys are great – keep it up!nataly09.04.2020http://www.expana.netavahost – is exactly what is needed to create and develop complete web solutions for the web. i recommend them to everyone. they have a big selection of hosting plans to choose from (there’s one for everybody), all your hosting needs will be met (php, mysql, perl, e-mail…), their provided services are easy to use and since my sign up date i have not had any issues. i especially want to point out …paul t.02.05.2019http://www.rowing.ruwhat surprised me was how good the support staff is and the speed with which my issue was handled. i’ve previously worked with other inexpensive hosting companies, where i had to wait weeks for them to respond. i’m happy with the high quality of hosting and awesome pricing. 🙂dairbek iglikov19.02.2019http://www.offerslist.comfriendly, fast support accompanies this fast, friendly service – though you're unlikely to need it as the service has remarkably high uptime record. good support for perl, php and mysql means there's something for everyone, and at great prices too!viktor m.22.11.2018http://www.avamail.comfree hosting – that’s great … … i’ve spent six months looking for a hosting company that would be right for me! and i found avahost. they have everything!!! inexpensive (not to be confused with cheap!) hosting plans, various payment plans and all the services that are needed by a webmaster, and the most important thing – a super awesome support service. if i write to them with a problem …george a.09.08.2018http://www.gotoidea.netit’ll be my pleasure to tell you guys that i really liked your service. i already wrote about this to the manager. however, i will be happy to repeat myself. the first thing that i really liked was the speedy answers to my questions via email. the answers were really fast, within 5-30 min. and that’s taking in the fact that this was during the holidays. the second, is the speedy domain registration process…russell j.07.05.2017http://www.ruspoint.comavahost helped me a beginner to get my first site up. they took the time to answer my questions and have provided great service for this last year.thank you very much!jessica sulaiman11.09.2012http://www.dishtvsatellite.comi’m a reseller. i’d like to thank the company’s staff. i’ve been using their services for a while now, while earning some money! i’ve not had many problems, and when i did – they were right there to help me. once again, thank you all. i’ll be glad to stay as a partner.denya06.01.2010http://hotdesigns.nuavahost provides a friendly, fast and helpful service! in the past, i've dealt with a range of webhosting companies, and this is one of the best. i've found availability to be excellent, and the helpdesk is always quick to respond and always helpful. i heartily recommend avahost to anyone looking for hosting services – from a single domain up to reseller.nick wallingford27.07.2007http://www.beekeeping.co.nzhosting servicesweb hostingresellerswebsite builderwordpress hostingadditional serviceswebsite builderdomains registrationaffiliate programssl certificatesscripts autoinstallerhelp centertechnical supportvideo tutorialsf.a.q.knowledge basedomain whoisabout usabout usspecial offersorder nowtestimonialestermscontact ussubmit your question: help desk systemsales/billing: sales@avahost.nettechnical: support@avahost.net   2001-2022 avahost.net all rights reserved.              


