



banner elk properties, western nc real estate



































property search
elk river golf & country club
linville ridgegolf community
grandfather golf & country club
diamond creekgolf community
our listings
area information
online community
contact us
about us
home





contact information


barbara youngbanner elk properties635 elk knob dr.banner elk, ncoffice: 828.260.6168click to email








enter an mls number to go directly to that listing:

         
         ex. 12345











banner elk properties






building available
 

click here for more photos

to search all mls listings for free; click here.

b.young is your ambassador to 
"the exclusive gated mountain communities"
 
come join us so you can explore the real estate opportunities that are available to you in the high country area of north carolina."  " our new horizon program let's you find properties using our new website to make hassle free property purchases. we at, banner elk properties , can put our 30 years of experience  to your advantage, so that, for the first time your real estate experience will be a pleasure. let your new horizon journey begin with b.young, banner elk properties.
 
 we provide buyer's agent services, and we make it our goal to find your dream home. we offer real estate listings for sale on this website.
 
if you have any questions, or would like information on a specific listing, please feel free to contact us at 828-260-6168 or by filling out our contact us form. 
 
banner elk is located in the valley between the ski slopes of beech mountain and sugar mountain. banner elk was established in the 1840's when avery county was still a part of its neighboring counties. the town got its name from the phrase "banner's elk," in reference to it being the location where the last elk in the region gave its life to the dining table and its hide to a worthy cause. a life size statue of a stately elk is located in the heart of the town commemorating this moment in history.
 













 635 elk knob dr. / banner elk, nc 28604 / 828-260-6168 / by@bannerelkproperties.com
 







  			    contact us 
|  our listings 
|  home 
|  site map 








© systems engineering, inc.
 data last updated: 2/19/2025 3:09:00 am







