     volkswagen dealership in redwood city ca | serving redwood city and san jose | boardwalk volkswagen                              


                                        boardwalk volkswagen          1 bair island rd, redwood city, ca 94063    parts 650-379-6746   service 650-332-9757   sales 650-379-6405                             schedule service        contact        map        service                         boardwalk volkswagen             call 650-379-6405    directions   service           customer reviews                      shop   shop all new   shop all used   shop certified pre-owned   specials     specials   current finance offers   current lease offers   pre-owned specials   certified pre-owned vehicle specials   vw college grad program   vw national offers     finance    finance    finance department   california clean fuel rewards   apply for financing   payment calculator   value your trade   vehicle protection plans   lease return center   drivergear     research   research   2025 vw id. buzz: the electric bus     service and parts   service and parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   vw carefree scheduled maintenance   volkswagen care menu maintenance   order parts   accessorize my vw   certified volkswagen collision center   tire store   accessories   parts   maintenance menu     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   meet our staff   careers   customer reviews   privacy policy   privacy request                     home   shop   shop all new   shop all used   shop certified pre-owned   specials     specials   current finance offers   current lease offers   pre-owned specials   certified pre-owned vehicle specials   vw college grad program   vw national offers     finance    finance    finance department   california clean fuel rewards   apply for financing   payment calculator   value your trade   vehicle protection plans   lease return center   drivergear     research   research   2025 vw id. buzz: the electric bus     service and parts   service and parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   vw carefree scheduled maintenance   volkswagen care menu maintenance   order parts   accessorize my vw   certified volkswagen collision center   tire store   accessories   parts   maintenance menu     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   contact us   meet our staff   careers   customer reviews   privacy policy   privacy request                  








     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






      learn more                                                                                                           










lease specials
view offers


finance specials
view offers












financing
get pre-approved





      learn more                                                                                                           


      search new inventory     search used inventory        



our models
 see our full lineup of new vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





suv


sedan










id.4







atlas







atlas cross sport







tiguan







taos











jetta







jetta gli







golf r







golf gti







arteon








explore all new inventory



     


explore financing
if you're interested in a new or certified pre-owned vw, you've come to the right place. apply now and get pre-approved in just a few minutes. additionally, we provide you with a payment calculator to estimate your buying power and monthly payments.
get pre-approved





     





the future of electric is here
2025 volkswagen id. buzz has room for big adventures, personality for miles, and electric technology for the next generation

search inventory


      





service department
we made your volkswagen the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. our technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service







       


boardwalk volkswagen
we have a strong and committed sales staff with many years of experience satisfying our customers’ needs in redwood city, ca. serving near menlo park, palo alto, san mateo, oakland, san francisco, and sunnyvale. feel free to browse our inventory online, request more information about vehicles, set up a test drive or inquire about financing!
more about us





     
sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 6:00pm    

visit us


1 bair island rd, redwood city, ca 94063



                 





          


ready for the best dealership experience that the san francisco area has to offer? then come on down to boardwalk volkswagen. we're proud to serve our customers in redwood city, san jose, sunnyvale, san mateo, palo alto, and all throughout the area and provide everything they need on the road.




boardwalk volkswagen: our area's best dealership experience


while other dealerships might only focus on making the sale, we strive to cater to our customers through every step of the experience they have with us. our team is committed to providing you with quality service while finding your vehicle, throughout the purchasing process, and going forward into your ownership experience so that you're covered for every drive you have ahead of you.


leading volkswagen vehicles



id.4

electric driving never looked or felt as good as it does when you're behind the wheel of the id.4. any concern you have about an electric vehicle's ability to go the distance is put to rest with the id.4, which boasts an epa-estimated range of 275 miles to open up new possibilities for where your drive can take you.

taos

the taos ticks all the boxes for what you're looking for in your next suv, from its ample cargo space to the comfortable ride it gives everyone on board. the 1.5-liter turbocharged engine packs plenty of punch, letting you have some fun on every drive you take.

tiguan

go everywhere you want to explore and live out your adventurous dreams in the tiguan, a vehicle built to handle anything. 4motion all-wheel drive gives this vehicle the extra traction it needs to keep going even when conditions get tough, keeping you in control at all times.



atlas

stylish design and spacious interior make the atlas one of the top suvs on the market. impressive safety technology comes integrated into every aspect of this vehicle, helping you steer clear of potential danger to keep you and your passengers protected.

jetta

the sporty and efficient jetta has been a driver favorite for decades, and you'll see why from the moment you get behind the wheel to experience this car for yourself. this vehicle gets up to 43 miles per gallon on the highway, letting you cruise by the gas station to keep your journey going for longer.


service and financing



quality care for your vehicle

our skilled service technicians are ready to provide tire service, brake service, and everything else your vehicle needs to remain in top-notch shape. ask about our vehicle protection plans to get a great value on the work your vehicle will need throughout the years you spend driving it.




competitive financing offers

once you've found the ideal new or used vehicle to match your needs, the team in our finance center will help you secure a loan with great interest rates to make paying for that vehicle as easy as possible. fill out our online financing application to expedite the process and make it that much easier to get out on the road.


                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | boardwalk volkswagen | 1 bair island rd, redwood city, ca 94063 | sales: 650-379-6405             

















            