 
home - gracia burnham           
      




search


 my cart 
donatehomeaboutgracia’s biointerviewsphoto albumburnham centerwater damage to officespeech at oak hills church of christwest lake baptist churchjeff and sarah’s weddingrescue operationmissionsfestlife in rose hill, kansasgracia’s office remodelhe flew… we drove.family photo albummiscellaneous picturesvideosfaqbookstoreorder booksnews & eventscalendarnewsletter archivefind us on facebookministryfoundation informationnewsletter signupcontactcontact graciapromo toolsfind us on facebook
homeaboutbackgracia’s biointerviewsphoto albumbackburnham centerwater damage to officespeech at oak hills church of christwest lake baptist churchjeff and sarah’s weddingrescue operationmissionsfestlife in rose hill, kansasgracia’s office remodelhe flew… we drove.family photo albummiscellaneous picturesvideosfaqbookstorebackorder booksnews & eventsbackcalendarnewsletter archivefind us on facebookministrybackfoundation informationnewsletter signupcontactbackcontact graciapromo toolsfind us on facebook



support the martin & gracia burnham foundation
donatesign up for gracia's updates and newsletter
subscribepsalm 100: a song of praisemake a joyful shout to the lord, all you lands! serve the lord with gladness; come before his presence with singing. know that the lord, he is god; it is he who has made us, and not we ourselves;[a] we are his people and the sheep of his pasture. enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise. be thankful to him, and bless his name. for the lord is good; his mercy is everlasting, and his truth endures to all generations.during one of our last conversations, martin and i discussed this scripture. even though we had been walking through the jungle for a year, he believed we were still serving the lord, and we should do it with gladness. serve the lord with gladness. good advice to live by, don’t you think?  ~gracia
subscribe to newsletter
×

homeaboutbookstorenews & eventsministryfacebookdonatemailing address: gracia burnham ministries, po box 10, rose hill, ks 67133
gracia burnham all rights reserved © 2022 | site by lmg

      



