









home - eastern states student exchange















































contact us
about us
events
member login
 
















study abroad

overviewhigh school abroad

countrieshow to applylong-term faqs 
short-term program

countrieshow to applyshort-term faqs 

for parentshost a studentinbound studentsoutbound studentsrotary clubs 


select page


  
 
 











experience the adventure of a lifetime.








study abroad programs create worlds of possibilities, lifelong memories and new friendships for both students and the families they live with during their time away. designed for high school students, rotary exchange offers a fun, yet safe way to travel and immerse yourself in another country.









be an exchange student
get ready for the adventure of a lifetime. travel abroad for an entire year or four weeks.

explore more





what parents need to know
learn travel abroad benefits for your teen and why rotary is one of the safest programs.

learn more





become a host family
enrich the lives of your family and an exchange student by opening your home and hearts.

find out more








get ready to pack your bags.
start your journey today.



 










long-term exchange overview
short-term exchange overview

long-term outbound information
long-term outbound scholarship
short-term outbound information



host family application
sitemap
contact us





member login
for rotary clubs
program volunteer application

yeah database
yeah portal







terms & conditions  |  privacy policy



© eastern states student exchange. all rights reserved  |  contact  |  info@exchangestudent.org







website by: ezy marketing



 




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.cookie settingsacceptrejectprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept

























