










john gross & company - home






















































 (717) 766-2508 this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. 

homecompanyabout usour historypartnersbecome our customerkey distributor awardproductsquality meatsfresh seafoodfresh producejg signature coffeelaundrywarewashing & sanitationthe marketplaceorder entry⭐new jg web loginjg web loginrequest accessproduct searchespressocareerscontact us 




we are john gross & companyjohn gross & company - where 4th generation experience and professionalism meets superior customer service.
choosing from a menu doesn’t do it. pressing 1 to reach help doesn’t cut it. real service is about people! 
imagine a customer-focused, family business where every day begins dedicated to serving the individual needs of customers. how refreshing is it to actually stumble upon customer service where the people actually care? this is the business model that john gross has built. where empowering people to shine has made the difference, honoring a “business contract” made in support of each and every customer’s daily success.
our products & servicesquality meatsquality meats
learn morejg signature coffeejg signature coffee
learn morefresh seafoodfresh seafood
learn morelaundrylaundry
learn morefresh producefresh produce
learn morewarewashing & sanitationwarewashing & sanitation
learn moreour vendor partners
become a customer today!let's get started 



contact uslocal call: (717) 766-2508toll-free: (800) 368-6800office location:400 cheryl avenue, mechanicsburg pa contact formhours of operationjohn gross & companymon - fri: 7:00 am to 5:00 pmthe marketplace at john grossmon - wed: 7:30 am to 5:00 pmthur - fri: 7:30 am to 6:00 pmsaturday: 7:30 am to 3:00 pmsunday: 9:00 am to 3:00 pmdeli opens every day at 9:00 amour missionto become the ally of the foodservice operator through the implementation of the "service designed with u in mind" doctrine. understanding that to better serve our customers, we must overwhelmingly consider the effect that each of our actions will have on our customer's ability to provide their patrons. learn more about us 

© 2025 john gross & company. all rights reserved. website design by jump creative  
 






 





 home company about us our history partners become our customer key distributor award products quality meats fresh seafood fresh produce jg signature coffee laundry warewashing & sanitation the marketplace order entry ⭐new jg web login jg web login  request access product search espresso careers contact us

 
 


