














































    wallingford lamp & shade, llc - wallingford, ct - home
  









               


 call us 203-269-2177
    home



  lamp shades



  vintage restoration, rewiring, & repair



  contact us











    
 





        located in historic downtown wallingford!

  

contact us ⥇

  

call us ⥇




   welcome to wallingford lamp & shade
we are a family run store that provides a comfortable shopping environment and a person-to-person sales philosophy. our showroom has a unique selection of floor lamps, table lamps, chandeliers, outdoor fixtures, antique lighting, and hundreds of lamp shades. using our experienced eyes, our technical skills and our passion for detail, we will help you create the desired lighting effect for your home!

  

read more ⥇




     

lamp shades  ⥇


   

vintage lighting restoration, rewiring & repair  ⥇




   unique showroom selection
using our experienced eyes, our technical skills and our passion for detail, we will help you create the desired lighting effect for your home! 


  get in touch

 contact us
   name

 email

 phone

 message





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.




     



  about us

our knowledge and expertise are second to none. you can trust our advice to create the absolute best lighting for your home. the close bond we have with our customers makes all the difference. see the difference when you shop for lighting or reach out for rewiring and repair from wallingford lamp & shade. contact us today. 







      



    wallingford lamp & shade, llc
  
124 center street, wallingford, ct 06492
203-269-2177

website design 
by hearst media services, 
all rights reserved

  visit our store

  




website design 
by hearst media services, 
all rights reserved

































































































  
  share by:










