






restaurant iguana new york – the most spectacular mexican restaurant in new york













































 



 




questions? call:  +1 212-765-5454 













 

 









homepage
about
menu
events
reservations
gallery
contact
 

























welcome to iguana new yorkthe most spectacular  mexican restaurant in new york.make a reservationiguana offers three floors of dining and dancingdining * dancing * old mexican style unwind with one of our famous  29 flavors of margaritas or mojitosfollow that up with a truly exquisite dinner experience in our “old mexican style” dining roomreservationwelcome to iguana new yorkthe most spectacular  mexican restaurant in new york.make a reservationiguana offers three floors of dining and dancingdining * dancing * old mexican style unwind with one of our famous  29 flavors of margaritas or mojitosfollow that up with a truly exquisite dinner experience in our “old mexican style” dining roomreservationwelcome to iguana new yorkthe most spectacular  mexican restaurant in new york.make a reservationiguana offers three floors of dining and dancingdining * dancing * old mexican style unwind with one of our famous  29 flavors of margaritas or mojitosfollow that up with a truly exquisite dinner experience in our “old mexican style” dining roomreservation



prev



next

 
 


 





 iguana new york's , premier mexican restaurant and dance lounge. our talented chef utilizes the culinary diversity of mexico in the preparation of iguana’s tasty fare. iguana is the perfect setting for any occasion.make a reservation 





 





 what we offerthe most spectacular mexican restaurant in new york. iguana offers three floors of dining and dancing. unwind with one of our famous 28 flavors of margaritas or mojitos. follow that up with a truly exquisite dinner experience in our “old mexican style 




 

iguana offers three floors of dining and dancingthe most spectacular mexican restaurant in new york. iguana offers three floors of dining and dancing. entertainmentbar/loungesalsa dance parties 







 

iguana is the perfect place for your next group night ...iguana is the perfect place for your next group night out. we offer “dinner and v.i.p.” packages for birthdays, bachelorette parties ...friday's and saturdays ladies free till 11pmsunday's doors open at 6pm. exclusive vip areas for your next group night out.  







 

the night is just begging when you head to our lounges. the night is just beginning when you hear downstairs to our intimate dance lounge. dance your night away with the greatest dance music...three large mahogany bars.our tri-level, fourteen thousand square foot.two dancing lounges where new york’s hottest djs spin 







 











 



gift certificates availables now



















 



gift certificates availables now


iguana gift certificates make the perfect gift for holidays, anniversaries, birthdays, or any special occasion. these easy and convenient gifts are perfect for the family members and friends on your list. 





























 






 




eventsview all 





eventthursday partyeventfridays after workeventsaturday nighteventeach and every sunday 








 




 contact us, to give you a better serviceplease fill this for and we'll get back to you as soon as possible!

message from the web page iguananyc.com

namecompanyemailneeded servicesphonemessagesend now!







 




 thanks for visiting us! please share our page on your social networks 





 





© 2021 all rights reserved. web desing  bitcenter soluciones tecnologicas.. 








top




















