sandpoint real estate sandpoint idaho northern idaho homes for sale 



sandpoint idaho real estate sales sandpoint realty 


















 
 
  
  
 
   









     rain silverhawk
phone (208)610-0011
email
 

welcome to the inland northwest, and specifically to the sandpoint, idaho area.  sandpoint and the 

surrounding communities of sagle, cocolalla, priest river, dover, priest lake, hope, clark fork and coeur 

d'alene are located in the idaho panhandle and are within a very short distance of the canadian border.  

this area is known for its beautiful mountains, lakes, rivers and streams, as well as its' abundant 

wildlife.  we have four distinct seasons and there are activities for everyone.  summer offers camping, 

fishing, rafting, boating, hiking and mountain biking, to name just a few.  some of the most scenic golf 

courses can be found here, including the coeur d'alene resort with its' famous "floating green".  winter 

offers a variety of nordic sports in our national forests or you can take advantage of "schweitzer 

mountain" which is an award-winning mountain resort with great  skiing and snowboarding.  the spring 

season is beautiful as the snow gives way to the warming trend and the soil produces once again the wild 

flowers adorning the meadows, new buds are formed and the leaves  turn green.  in the fall, the colors 

are sometimes compared to those seen in the new england states and the hunting is great.     

although we have several lakes and other waterways, the largest of them is pend orielle lake (pronounced 

ponderay) with its water lapping up on the shores of the sandpoint city park near downtown.  it is 

affectionately known in this area as "the big pond".  this lake is 43 miles long and it is 6 miles wide 

at its' widest point.  the lake is great for fishing and the record rainbow trout is 37 lbs.  pend 

orielle lake is a very deep lake (some places up to 1200 feet) and the u.s. navy uses the lake to test 

experimental submarines. 
     
sandpoint is an artistic and cultural community.  sunset magazine recently designated it as the best 

small town in the west, and the 2003 money magazine indicated this area as the top location for second 

homes in the u.s.  it is a great place to raise a family!!  whether you are looking for a log cabin with 

a creek running through it, a home with waterfront property, land with acreage and a spring, or a house 

in the city, rain, at sandpoint realty, can assist you with all of your real estate needs. 
keep up with the listings
looking for property?  i have a wonderful listing cart that will send you a list a properties meeting 

your criteria.  the neat thing about it is that you can delete those properties you are not interested in 

so you are not looking through properties you don't want.  you will receive an email when new properties 

matching your needs comes on the market.  you will have access to all the pictures, the listing 

information and if you need plat maps or more information you can always let me know and i will send them 

to you.




name:







email:







tell me what you are looking for (ie. number bedrooms, horse set 

up, waterfront, acres etc.) 







 






 
 





  




showcase listings 


 







showcasesee all virtual tours 


mortgage calculator
provided by realestateagencies.net 

 


loan amount

interest rate (%) 

term(years)
starting: mo.=

january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december
year=

amortization table

no
yes

 








home |  property for sale | visitor information| about rain silverhawk | couer d' alene mls | bonner county mls |  links   agent for sandpoint realty
sandpoint, idaho 


we're listed at  real estate & mortgage

you can find great local cocolalla, id real estate information on localism.com rain silverhawk is a proud member of the activerain real estate network, a free online community to help real estate professionals grow their business. 
agent for sandpoint realty
sandpoint, idaho privacy statement
hosting and webdesign provided by silverhawk's 

creations
except where noted, all content © copyright rain 

silverhawk all rights reserved blog
 