





















rubber fab - an innovator of sanitary seals and hose





























































 




















contact us
subscribe
distributor portal

englishdeutschfrançaisespañol 





englishdeutschfrançaisespañol 
 866.442.2959


 



















 


products

all products
sanitary gaskets
detectomer® family of products
o-rings
sanitary hose & hose assemblies
hose fittings & adapters
tubing
sight gauges
sanitary clamps
compression control products
pump replacement parts
carton filler replacement parts
sanitary tube supports


industries

all industries
food processing products
cheese processing and the dairy industry
sanitary seals & hoses for the beverage industry
pet food processing industry
breweries, wineries and distilleries
cannabis extraction equipment
pharmaceutical validation products


services

all services
getting the perfect crimp on a hose fitting
coding & labeling services
product & technical services
packaging & drop shipping services
quality assurance certification & more


resources

all resources
literature
part number library
technical articles/documents
informational videos and training
product e-catalogs
case studies – product innovations at work
frequently asked questions
rubber fab enewsletter archive


trade shows
about

learn more about rubber fab
company information and team
rubber fab news and announcements
careers
customer terms and conditions
vendor terms and conditions
rubber fab’s distribution
industry affiliations
privacy statement
cookie policy


contact

contact us
subscribe to our newsletter
order tracker


 









search for:




 











sanitary gaskets
rubber fab's sanitary gaskets are manufactured using fda and class vi materials.
learn more 













o-ring and cord
rubber fab o-rings and cord are available in a variety of sizes and elastomers.
learn more 













hose & hose assemblies
rubber fab sanitary hoses are available with a wide selection of fittings and accessories.
learn more 













hose fittings and adapters
rubber fab offers a full line of sanitary hose fittings, adapters, non-metallic fittings, hose collars and sanitary end caps.
learn more 



















east coast dock strike efforts
rubber fab has mitigation efforts in place for both inbound and outbound ocean freight situations. we have and are continuing to take proactive measures to ensure that there are no disruptions in our supply chain and will continue to have to the ability to fill orders.











latest news











rubber fab is iso 9001 certified!
we have been granted our iso 9001 certificate and we could not be more excited about it. the best part is that we did this for you, our customers. rubber fab strives to provide the best customer service and customer experience each and every time that you come to us.
learn more 









flex-pure® is in stock!
rubber fab’s flex-pure® epdm gasket has a good temperature resistance from -29ºf to 300ºf (-34ºc to 149ºc) and has excellent media resistance to hot water, steam, acids and alkalies. due to its very good resistance to steam, acids and alkalies, flex-pure® is compatible with most cip (cleaning in place) and sip (sterilization in place) cleaning media.
learn more 










resources









literature library
find out more and download literature on our products.


see our resources 







video library
learn more about our products with our video library.


learn more 







tradeshow schedule
view the rubber fab trade show schedule.


view all 







about rubber fab
read more about rubber fab's history.


read more 





 



































copy link


copy











distributor portal

register
login









 aboutrubber fab technologies group was founded in 1995 by robert dupont, sr. and patrick parisi in a farm house in andover, nj. rubber fab’s first product that went to market was the smart gasket® and the business has been growing ever since!


 servicesgetting the perfect crimp on a hose fitting
coding & labeling services
product & technical services
quality assurance certification & more
packaging & drop shipping services



 resourcesliterature
part number library
technical articles/documents
informational videos and training
industry terms and definitions
product e-catalogs
case studies – product innovations at work
rubber fab enewsletter archive



 contact
26 brookfield drive sparta, nj 07871
info@rubberfab.com
1-866-442-2959
1-973-579-7275

connect


 







all rights reserved. ©2025 rubber fab | developed by gwp inc. 

productsall productssanitary gasketsdetectomer® family of productso-ringssanitary hose & hose assemblieshose fittings & adapterstubingsight gaugessanitary clampscompression control productspump replacement partscarton filler replacement partssanitary tube supportsindustriesall industriesfood processing productscheese processing and the dairy industrysanitary seals & hoses for the beverage industrypet food processing industrybreweries, wineries and distilleriescannabis extraction equipmentpharmaceutical validation productsservicesall servicesgetting the perfect crimp on a hose fittingcoding & labeling servicesproduct & technical servicespackaging & drop shipping servicesquality assurance certification & moreresourcesall resourcesliteraturepart number librarytechnical articles/documentsinformational videos and trainingproduct e-catalogscase studies – product innovations at workfrequently asked questionsrubber fab enewsletter archiveaboutlearn more about rubber fabcompany information and teamrubber fab news and announcementscareerscustomer terms and conditionsvendor terms and conditionsrubber fab’s distributionindustry affiliationsprivacy statementcookie policycontactcontact ussubscribe to our newsletterorder tracker 















 
