







cibm – university of wisonsin













































































































uw-web-logo-flushpeople

faculty
trainees
alumni
program management


curriculum
funding
events
why uw
contact
search




menu


menu

 






the biomedical sciences are being radically transformed by advances in our ability to monitor, record, store, integrate and analyze information characterizing human biology and health at scales that range from individual molecules to large populations of subjects. this wealth of information has the potential to substantially advance both our understanding of human biology and our ability to improve human health through smarter methods for risk assessment, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment planning.

the mission of the computation and informatics in biology and medicine (cibm) training program is to educate and mentor the next generation of leaders in biomedical informatics and biomedical data science research. the program is designed to equip and mentor predoctoral trainees to develop and apply novel, state-of-the-art computational methods for advancing biomedicine.
the research themes of the cibm program encompass translational bioinformatics, clinical research informatics, image analysis, and health informatics. phd students who are eligible for this interdisciplinary training include those in biomedical data science, chemistry, computer sciences, statistics, genetics, nursing, biochemistry, engineering, mathematics, among other graduate programs.

predoctoral traineeships are generally awarded for a three-year period. these traineeships provide a monthly stipend and cover tuition, fees, and research-related expenses.
candidates for traineeships must be accepted into an affiliated phd program at the university of wisconsin. all supported trainees must be permanent residents or u.s. citizens. information about individual graduate programs can be obtained directly from the relevant departments or from the cibm program coordinator.



the mission of the computation and informatics in biology and medicine (cibm) training program is to educate and mentor the next generation of leaders in biomedical informatics and biomedical data science research. the program is designed to equip and mentor predoctoral trainees to develop and apply novel, state-of-the-art computational methods for advancing biomedicine.





cibm news
july 14, 2022cibm trainees and faculty participate in the 2022 ismb conference in madison wijune 24, 2022cibm trainee j. jojo cheng wins nlm best plenary presentation awardjune 15, 2022cibm’s nlm grant renewed for 2022-2027june 3, 2022cibm and bds programs annual retreat – june 3, 2022page 1 of 212

   

 

computation and informatics
in biology and medicine
425 henry mall
rm 3420
madison, wi 53706





© copyright university of wisconsin - madison cibm. site by academic web pages
privacy notice
login







scroll to top























































