








fredrikson & byron p.a.





















fredrikson & byron p.a.






cookie settings
main content
main menu

search










menu


teamteamprofessionals searchboard of directorsbusiness administrationservicesservicespractices & industriesclient service standardsclient success storiesfredadvantagecommitmentcommitmentcommitmentclient service standardsdiversity, equity & inclusiondiversity, equity & inclusionfredrikson eeo statementpro bonopro bonopro bono casespartnershipscommunity servicefoundationnews & insightsnews & insightswhat's newnews & medialegal updateseventslegal blogsawards & rankingssubscribecareerscareerscareersattorneysattorneystraining & developmentlaw studentsparalegals & legal administrative assistantsbusiness professionals & support staffdiversity, equity & inclusiondiversity, equity & inclusionfredrikson eeo statementprivacy notice for california job applicantsaboutaboutour storyboard of directorslocations


teamteamprofessionals searchboard of directorsbusiness administrationservicesservicespractices & industriesclient service standardsclient success storiesfredadvantagecommitmentcommitmentcommitmentclient service standardsdiversity, equity & inclusiondiversity, equity & inclusionfredrikson eeo statementpro bonopro bonopro bono casespartnershipscommunity servicefoundationnews & insightsnews & insightswhat's newnews & medialegal updateseventslegal blogsawards & rankingssubscribecareerscareerscareersattorneysattorneystraining & developmentlaw studentsparalegals & legal administrative assistantsbusiness professionals & support staffdiversity, equity & inclusiondiversity, equity & inclusionfredrikson eeo statementprivacy notice for california job applicantsaboutaboutour storyboard of directorslocationscontactcontactminneapolisamesbismarckdes moinesfargomadisonmankatost. paulshanghai, chinasaltillo, mexicosubscribeclient log in

linkedin





youtube
















where lawand business meetwe are a law firm driven to apply practical business acumen and strategic entrepreneurial thinking to everything we do. we are fully committed to delivering exceptional service to our clients, our community and each other. we are fredrikson.learn more



the executive briefthe executive brief is designed to help our clients discern signal from noise, gain actionable insight and make time-sensitive decisions with confidence.learn more



fredrikson earns top law firm rankingsfredrikson is ranked for the fifth consecutive year among the most active law firms advising on merger and acquisition and private equity in pitchbook’s 2023 annual global league tables.learn more



fredrikson namedtop law firm for womenfor 11 consecutive years, fredrikson has been named one of the best u.s. law firms for female attorneys.learn more




practices & industries
from mergers & acquisitions to healthcare and from real estate to employment law, you'll often find us across the table from the largest national firms in the united states. the synergy of our services offerings enables us to provide full-service solutions to clients.
view all services






artificial intelligence



the executive brief


trending news & events

firm news02.12.2025fredrikson represents sokol in sale to solina 
legal update02.14.2025minnesota issues draft 2025 industrial stormwater general permit with first-ever pfas requirements
event02.25.2025preparing for immigration policy changes and the h-1b lottery under the second trump administration


view all





zhu ‘june’ cheng named to minneapolis/st. paul business journal’s ‘40 under 40’ listeach year, mspbj editors select 40 leaders under the age of 40 who have demonstrated outstanding professional achievement while also finding time to give back to their communities.







client success






donatelle plastics incorporated (donatelle), a pioneer in medical device design, development and contract manufacturing, turned to fredrikson for guidance through every stage of its sale to the chemical giant dupont.donatelle plastics incorporatedread more



fredrikson attorneys successfully represented goodwill-easter seals minnesota in a case before the minnesota tax court. at issue in the case was whether our client’s property, a goodwill thrift store located in washington county, minnesota, should be taxed like any other for-profit retail store (the county’s argument) or whether the property qualified for an exemption as an institution of purely public charity/501c3 nonprofit organization (fredrikson’s position). goodwill-easter seals minnesotaread more



prince’s death on april 21, 2016, plunged millions of music fans into mourning. it also sent his potential heirs rushing to the courthouse, since the artist died intestate. aside from his six siblings with the most direct claim to his inheritance, more than 100 other claimants emerged in the wake of his passing asserting that they were the pop icon’s true heirs.the estate of prince rogers nelsonread more



represented by fredrikson’s tax disputes and litigation attorneys in the minnesota tax court, alaska airlines challenged minnesota’s use of minnesota receipts when calculating the carrier’s minnesota franchise tax minimum fee. this tax is imposed on taxpayers exercising a corporate franchise in the state and calculated based on the taxpayer’s total minnesota property, payrolls and “sales or receipts.”alaska airlinesread more



the rural health advisory committee exists to advise the commissioner of health on the medical needs of greater minnesota. a voice for the dental profession was absent on this committee until the fredrikson government relations team successfully lobbied the minnesota legislature to add a representative of the dental profession to the committee.the rural health advisory committeeread more



fredrikson attorneys persuaded the minnesota supreme court that the perham hospital district’s three clinics should be exempt from property tax because they were operated to improve and run perham hospital.perham hospitalread more



in the 1950s and 1960s, st. paul’s rondo neighborhood was devastated by the construction of the i-94 highway. more than 700 homes and 300 businesses and civic organizations in this historically vibrant african american cultural community were taken with very little compensation. after many years in the making, reconnect rondo is now leading the effort to revitalize rondo with a community land bridge over i-94 that reconnects historic rondo and reignites an african american cultural enterprise district in st. paul.reconnect rondoread more



bushel provides software technology solutions for farmers, grain buyers, ag retailers, protein producers and food companies. represented by fredrikson, bushel recently closed an oversubscribed $26 million funding round led by the banc funds company with further support from new and existing investors.bushelread more








jump to page









our offices


minneapolis612.492.7000
ames515.242.8900
bismarck701.221.8700
des moines515.242.8900
fargo701.237.8200
madison608.453.4260
mankato507.344.9000
st. paul612.492.7700
shanghai, china+86.21.6043.6580
saltillo, mexico011.52.844.485.4958





linkedin





youtube






© 2025 fredrikson & byron p.a.
contact
subscribe
client login
site map
disclaimer
privacy
ca privacy
accessibility
eeo
site by firmseek






fredrikson & byron, p.a. stores cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, make your browsing experience as useful as possible, and analyze site usage. by accessing this website with cookies enabled in your web browser, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. please read our privacy policy and our disclaimer.

manage cookies
accept and close





necessary cookies
necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. you may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.


analytical cookies


on

off

analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. we access and process information from these cookies at an aggregate level.

close











