






cape fox corporation | anc, tlingit, tourism, federal contracting, commercial, saxman
































  







































home
about us

about us
board of directors


subsidiaries

commercial group
federal contracting group


community

culture center
cape fox cares
philanthropic
community highlights


careers
news

news
media request


shareholders

shareholders
shareholder spotlights
totem times
forms
tináa trust
eugene trout scholarship
mycapefox


 





select page


  
 



 



 
























cape fox corporation (cfc) was established in 1973 representing the village of saxman.

cape fox corporation (cfc) was founded 50 years ago as a result of the alaska native claims settlement act (ancsa).    cfc is the alaska native corporation for the village of saxman, alaska.  for nearly three decades, we generated revenue primarily by harvesting timber. however, as the timber industry declined, we learned to adapt in order to continue to thrive.  we changed our business focus to hospitality and tourism, real estate, and federal contracting. cfc now has several successful, thriving commercial businesses, and a growing federal contracting group.  we have almost 400 shareholders and over 700 employees worldwide and, in an effort to maintain what our heritage means to us, we make sure we are giving back within those communities.

learn more













news









cape fox 2024 year-in-review

newsfor cape fox corporation (cfc), 2024 was about innovation, growth, achievement, union, and success. cfc has long been an industry leader for hospitality and tourism and for federal government contracting. last year, we made great strides to showcase why we were an industry leader. we have a team of experts who are committed to the mission of the organization and this was shown through significant business achievements, marked by numerous awards and accolades, and expressed through expanded teams and endeavors.
everyone at the company contributes daily to the company’s success and any achievements earned. team cape fox has become an industry leader with the force of a unified group of individuals who have led us into the future. the company’s success is our success, and i delight in reviewing our accomplishments from 2024:










cape fox corporation supports coats for kids

cape fox cares, communityfor several years, cape fox corporation (cfc) has partnered with the city of saxman in an exceptional effort to assist the families of saxman, alaska, through the charity coats for kids of saxman.  the mission of this charitable effort is to ensure all the children of saxman have a warm coat this winter.  each child will be given a brand-new coat purchased from donations from cape fox corporation.  










shareholder spotlight – tlingit elder sarah abbott

shareholderssarah abbott is a known elder among the tlingit of the village of saxman. her refections of the past remain lessons to future generations. cape fox corporation (cfc) reveres its elders for the knowledge and insights they can impart and the lessons they can teach. this year for our cfc shareholder spotlight, we recognize sarah abbott as a tlingit elder, shareholder, and woman who has passed on traditions that would be of value today to the younger generations. 















23,040 acres in the tongass rainforest

it is our tlingit natives who define us as people and it is the unique beauty of our ancestral lands that hold much of our history.

the 1971 alaska native claims settlement act (ancsa) is the largest land settlement made by the us government in us history. in accordance with ansca, the us government declared approximately 44 million acres (and $962.5 million) of traditional homelands be returned to alaska natives.  when  cfc was created, we received 23,040 acres of land.  our maintained lands offer unique beauty, wildlife, and resources along southeast alaska you cannot find elsewhere.  our lands sit along the coast within the tongass national forest which provides trails for hiking, a network of roads to view the coastal line deeper, and excellent sources for subsistence lifestyles.










find your career

cape fox corporation provides more than just employment, we provide skills, added talent, and adventure all while contributing to the mission of advancing and advocating for our shareholders.





find your career








commercial
ketchikan, ak








students
ketchikan, ak








federal contracting
usa





 












                  



cape fox corporation
2851 s tongass hwypo box 8558ketchikan, ak 99901phone (907)225-5163fax (907)225-3137communications@capefoxss.com
shareholder services:
shareholderservices@capefoxcorp.com







© copyright cape fox corporation



user agreement and privacy notice



 




































