





ride on - therapeutic horsemanship















































































												home
											



												about
											



												services
											



												volunteer
											



												horses
											



												give
											



												events
											



												videos
											



												contact
											
























































								ride on teaches adaptive horseback riding to children and adults with physical and cognitive disabilities. we also provide physical, occupational & speech and language therapy, specializing in using the movement of the horse to improve specific medical conditions.









what we do 

founded in 1994, ride on has given over 140,000 safe, effective and individualized lessons and therapy treatments and currently serves 250 individuals each week. ride on’s mission is to promote the welfare people with any type of physical, intellectual or cognitive disability and of at-risk youth by means of equine assisted activities and therapies; and by providing instruction and education for all in equestrian-related social, vocational and recreational activities. ride on is the only nationally accredited program offering physical, occupational & speech and language therapy in the los angeles and ventura counties. we operate in three locations: serving the conejo valley, our 13-acre newbury park site is operated in partnership with the conejo recreation and park district, in the san fernando valley, our chatsworth location is home to our 3-acre ranch and the former mach 1 facility in pasadena serves the san gabriel valley.  in partnership with the crpd we also manage the rancho potrero community equestrian center in thousand oaks which provides education, community programming, open space access and affordable boarding.
about us





















our services:





adaptive riding
adaptive or therapeutic riding is a unique combination of sport, recreation, and education. specially trained path international qualified instructors use their knowledge of disabilities to teach horsemanship skills to riders with varying ability levels.



physical, occupational therapy & speech and language therapy
physical, occupational & speech and language therapy uses the horse’s movement and sensory input for improving function. it is one of several treatment strategies that a therapist can use as part of a treatment plan.






veterans services
we currently offer mounted and unmounted programs to post 9/11 veterans funded through the wounded warrior project, a nonprofit that offers programs and support services to wounded vets. we also welcome veterans and vet groups to volunteer, giving them an opportunity to learn about horses and help other veterans and children.



riding lessons
ride on offers lessons for the siblings of our riders as well as the general public. our certified instructors and gentle horses are perfect for all those wishing to take beginner or intermediate english or western style lessons.




para-equestrian dressage
ride on is a center of excellence-delivering the usef para-equestrian dressage program. 



education & certification workshops
ride on hosts instructor workshops and continuing education days. networking day is march 9th, 2025




calnet
the calnet show will be may 2-4, 2025!





thank you to our generous sponsors and donors:







































































































to join our list of celebrated sponsors,  contact us.






get in touch







ride on chatsworth:

 address: 10860 topanga canyon blvd., chatsworth, ca 91311
 phone: (818) 700-2971
 fax: (805) 309-5234
 email: sara@rideon.org





ride on newbury park:

 address: 401 ronel court, newbury park, ca 91320
 phone: (805) 375-9078
 fax: (805) 309-5234
 email: sara@rideon.org





ride on pasadena:

 address: 4810 oak grove drive, hahamongna watershed park, pasadena, ca 91101
 phone: (626) 765-1462
 fax: (805) 309-5234
 email: sara@rideon.org




follow us:

















© copyright ride on therapy 2025. all rights reserved.
























   







