








welcome to svsg








club meetings are the 1st thursday of the month at 7:30.
at hi lanes bowling alley, 8 prospect st, homer, ny 13077 



























the seven valley snow goers snowmobile club is a

 member!
 maintaining state corridor trail 5a from virgil to preble, including cortland and homer in lovely central new york.
 we also maintain other secondary trails with the total approximately 85 miles. atv's are never permitted on svsg trails!!!!





our trails are open - think snow!




our grateful and much appreciated thanks to all our landowners for letting us cross their lands,
without their support we would not have any trail system or be able to enjoy our sport!  if you see or know a landowner be sure and thank him....















the map below is the new s56a trail from hobos/gas though izaak walton.
	at the new foster rd junction you can:
	turn right on s56a and continue to ride the foster road for 1.3 miles,
	where it turns on the izaak walton bypass trail.
	or turn left on the #418 club trail for the homer hops, then return to the junction.
	this new trail is also shown on the nyssa snowmobile trails app!





 

click map for cortland weather forecast        

 visits:



















click here for trail camera!
trail camera is being replaced with a new one, so please patient, up soon!
thanks to the neumandale group for funding this webcam!



click here: visit us on face book!

click here: visit here for snowmobile safety classes schedule!






*february meeting*

thursday, february 13th, 2024, 7:30, hi lanes bowling alley, 8 prospect st, homer, ny 13077
  join us for free pizza and wings at 7-7:30 pm, cash bar.
mask as appropriate, bring a friend, agenda items to be added later.
winter is here!  went for a ride last weekend with some of the directors and conditions were mostly great! 
best local riding in years, trails in great shape, marked well, and actually ran into the groomer on its way north 
and we were going south, perfect after passing them! getyour local riding in now!
trail issues please send to kevin, or dave morse our new trail coordinator. please send  agenda items to chris.

*****---upcoming snow events:---*****

spaghetti dinners continue at ridge runners club house, salt road, groton,  ny   one on march 8.
ridge runners has a post valentine's day dance on saturday feb 15th  from 7-10, $10 at the door, 
raffles & live music from crystal vision. stone hedges golf course, groton.

blodgett mills sportsman club has  many social events, check their facebook page.

solon sportsmans club has pancake breakfasts 7-11 am   call ahead to make sure they are open.

truxton trail riders has a hot dog roast / vintage sled show 10am to 2 pm. 
march 1st at the club barn, 3900 us route 13, truxton ny 13158.

april 4th-6th, nyssa annual meeting and forum in binghamton ny. see kevin if you want to rep the club.

everyone be well and stay well, and hope to see you thursday or on the trail!

-shawn forney, svsg publicity chair

 seven valley snow goers






 
cortland county snowmobile clubs



created by dick bottoff for svsg, inc.copyright © 2001 by [svsg, inc.]. all rights reserved.>



