






power to the parent







































































learn

parent quiz
the developing brain
drugs, alcohol, tobacco defined
smoking, vaping, hookah & e-cigs
laws you should know about
discarding unused medication
educational videos


be aware

hidden in plain sight
did you know?
when the doctor prescribes meds
warning signs


parenting

how to talk to your child/teen
20 tips to keep your teen safe
empowering your teen with refusal skills
prom safety
setting consequences


resources
stay informed

be in the know
newsletters


about

about power to the parent
coalitions
media campaigns


contact
 











how does alcohol affect the teenage brain?
recent research tells all.

learn more 










cigarettes vs. e-cigs. get the lowdown.
what the studies tell us.

learn more 















the number one influence on a teen’s decision to remain alcohol/drug free is:
test your knowledge with the parent’s quiz.

start the quiz 




 
 





stay informed







 




													teens, alcohol, and the role parents play in prevention
												



getting alcohol is easy for many teens. 84.3% of teens who drink say getting their hands on free alcohol is almost as easy as getting their hands on a pizza. many teens access alcohol from their families, friends, or at other people’s homes, which makes underage drinking alarmingly easy. this accessibility poses significant risks, as…  read more »


read more 







 




													preventing the unthinkable. the talk to have about college drinking.
												



before your teen goes off to college, these are our top 6 most imperative topics to discuss to prevent horrible consequences of dangerous drinking. 


read more 







 




													helping teens cope with social distancing
												



teens are social creatures by nature. social distancing during the covid-19 pandemic might be especially difficult for them. here are five ways that parents can help their older kids with the impact of the covid-19 quarantine.


read more 










your community’s coalition is there for you.
many communities in westchester have clubs which support families. check out the list of contacts.

search coalitions 













sign up to receive the latest news and events































legal

© 2025 power to the parent.







‹
›
×









