






the batik guild

















 


members’ area

join the batik guild






home
about batik


what is batik?
history of batik
batik in indonesia
batik in china and south-west asia
batik in africa
batik in ukraine



artists

get your own gallery


jenn adamson
anne bologna
bridget cordory
susan d'souza
mélanie dusarse
anne dye
catalina espina
beth evans
kim gordon
brigitte gustafsson
anne hanley
ko-chuan huang
marietherese king
heather koumi
angela lenman
barbara meynell


diane mylchreest
elisa quevedo
jennifer raby
sue rhodes-simpson
rosi robinson
shuen-li spirit
fiona stanley
anne stemp
christina szabo
kirsten t.o. sheffield
rita trefois
susana uribarri
andrew wynne


about us


join the guild
get an artist gallery
committee
batik scholarship
shop
publications
suppliers
links
contact us



what’s on


workshops & talks
exhibitions

















batik guild calendar 2025






noel dyrenforth.


























































the   batik guild was the first guild in the world devoted entirely to batik.   now an expanding group of international members, it was formed in 1986   by a small group of batik artists in london, england. about half the   members are based in great britain and ireland but there are   enthusiastic members in europe, usa, canada , south america, australia,   russia, poland, africa and asia. members include professional artists,   amateur artists, teachers, students, and those that simply enjoy doing   batik. the guild is a non-profit making organisation financed by   members’ subscriptions. it is run by volunteers.
the guild aims to promote and improve education in the field of batik, and encourages 
          and supports its members as individual artists or craftspeople. through meetings, 
          exhibitions, lectures, workshops and a colour magazine three times a year, it stimulates 
          a constructive and creative approach to the craft, and provides a forum for communications
         relating to new techniques.
on this website you will find information about members of the guild and their art, 
         discover where batik is being exhibited, find which guild members run workshops near to you 
         or see books they have written. there are also special sections on suppliers and on the history
         of batik.


what's on


batiks of asia -from the mountains of china to the islands of indonesia
talk: 22 feb 2025


a sea of blue - indigo exhibition
exhibition: 3 to 9 mar 2025


batiks of asia - from the mountains of china to the islands of indonesia
talk: 11 apr 2025


batiks of asia - from the mountains of china to the islands of indonesia
exhibition: 11 apr to 4 may 2025


'discover the magic of batik' workshop with rosi robinson in s.w. scotland
workshop: 12 to 13 apr 2025




from the gallery



gorgeous flowers
              ko-chuan huang
            



batik scholarship


thetis blacker temenos batik scholarship
            the temenos academy and the batik guild welcome applications for the 2025 scholarship



international year of batik


the international year of batik 2024-2025
            the batik guild is sponsoring a year-long celebration of the art of batik










follow the batik guild on facebook
more from the guild on instagram

© 2011-2025 the batik guild | web design & hosting by three west

members’ area
join the guild
artists: get your own gallery
cookies & privacy policy

copyright of all images belongs to the respective artists. copyright of all text belongs to the batik guild, unless otherwise credited.
      		you may not reproduce any image or text without prior permission.




 
      the batik guild website uses cookies. for more information see our privacy policy





