







the womens bar association of maryland



































join | renew  






















toggle navigation






about us

about the wba
county chapters
executive committee
committees
wba history

membership 

membership information
membership application


calendar
resources

photo gallery
rita c. davidson award
ruth bader ginsburg
employment
information & links

foundation
contact us


















membership info




















news & information





wba chapters
anne arundel county - aisha hilliard baltimore city and county and carroll county – the honorable maria oesterreicher  frederick county and washington county – rada machin  harford county – elissa k. halloran  howard county – lauren leffler  lower eastern shore - angie dipietro  montgomery county – leslie miller  prince george's county – christine murphy  southern maryland – vacant  upper eastern shore - jane canter  university of baltimore law school  - marissa hare  university of maryland law school – zoe strahan and emily sedlak  for  contact information, click on about us (in the tool bar above), then county chapters.  
								








wba chapter events




howard county
 join the hcwba for cookies for grassroots at oliver leffler law located at 9841 broken land parkway, suite 210, columbia, maryland 21046 on february 11, 2025 at 5:30 p.m.  please bring yourself and at least 5 dozen cookies.  click here for flyer with additional details.



montgomery county
 galentine's day lunch & learn – join us for a galentine's day lunch & learn on february 12, 2025, at noon, to hear from meghan punda, np from nourished + well, llc. the program is titled navigating perimenopause and beyond. the program will be held at the bamc building, located at 27 w jefferson street, rockville, md 20850. 



harford county
 save the date for our adult guardianship cle and lunch on february 25, 2025 at 12:30pm at the bel air town hall, 39 n. hickory avenue. this event will be free for harford wba members in good standing and $10 for non-members.  more information to follow!  












state & special events




wba online

							facebook 
							the women's bar association of maryland









become a part of the wba-md...
join









						women's bar association of maryland
						po box 10453
						silver spring, maryland 20914
						(443) 782-3505














wba-md
about us
wba chapters
calendar & events
rita c. davidson award
ruth bader ginsburg





quick pay
membership









©   the women's bar association of maryland 















































