

















economic development | monroe, nc









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in











 














dowd center theatre







monroe science center







monroe aquatics & fitness center







parks & recreation







utilities









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 




 












search







 
 
 


    government      departments      residents      visit monroe      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 















 
homedepartmentseconomic development












economic development		





   
 
 




monroe economic developmentthe city of monroe is your gateway to success. strategically located just outside the dynamic charlotte metro area, monroe offers the perfect balance of small-town charm and big-city opportunity.mission: monroe economic development fosters a thriving, inclusive economy by attracting diverse industries, supporting local businesses, and cultivating a skilled workforce. purpose: through strategic partnerships and forward-thinking initiatives that enhances greater monroe's unique assets to ensure long-term prosperity for businesses and residents alike. the city of monroe is a full-service city with local control over utilities, providing a business-friendly environment that drives sustainable growth, job creation, and innovation. why choose monroe?our business-friendly environment is designed to help companies of all sizes succeed. with robust infrastructure, skilled talent, and a commitment to fostering growth, monroe is the ideal place to start, expand, or relocate your business.strategic location: easy access to major highways, rail, and air transportation, including the city-owned charlotte-monroe executive airport.thriving workforce: a talented pool of professionals ready to power your business.pro-business climate: competitive incentives and resources tailored to support your success.quality of life: a vibrant community with affordable housing, excellent schools, and a range of recreational and cultural amenities.we’re not just open for business; we’re ready to help you succeed. explore our opportunities and see why so many companies call monroe home.let’s build your future in monroe!reach out to our economic development team today to discover how we can support your business journey.



 
 
 





north carolina economic developmentfor more information about economic development in north carolina, visit the economic development partnership of north carolina. city council appointees for enhancing greater monroe economic development



 
 
 














					jonathan edwards
					
				
chairman
email jonathan edwards 

tyson foods










					chad griffin
					
				
vice chairman
email chad griffin 

charlotte pipe










					franco mcgee
					
				
advisory board member
email franco mcgee 

monroe city council










					jeff duke
					
				
advisory board member
email jeff duke 

assa abloy












					randy adcock
					
				
advisory board member
email randy adcock 

american community bank










					drew lawrence
					
				
advisory board member
email drew lawrence 

lawrence associates










					eric paszkowski
					
				
advisory board member
email eric paszkowski 

greiner bio-one








  
 
 






 local contacts and utilities





electriccity of monroe energy services - (704) 282-4600natural gascity of monroe energy services - (704) 282-4600planning & permitting contactscity of monroe planning and development - (704) 282-5795city of monroe building standards - (704) 282-4544water & sewer providercity of monroe water resources - (704) 282-4601railroad contactcsx customer service - (877) 744-7179department of transportation (dot) contactdivision 10 - (704) 983-4400telecom providersfrontier communications - (855) 668-7183windstream (monroe) - (704) 483-5300 or (800) 483-5300 (business service)





 quality of life





parks & community centersbelk-tonawanda park & splash paddickerson parksunset park & dog parkdon griffin parkcreft parkparks williams athletic complexdickerson community centerj. ray shute community centerold armory community centersutton park community centerwinchester community centerrecreational, educational, & cultural facilitiesmonroe aquatics & fitness centermonroe science center honoring dr. christine mann dardendowd center theatremonroe country clubbazemore active adult centerhospitalsnovant healthatrium healthgreenwaysbearskin greenway





 news





press release: briolf usa to establish first u.s. manufacturing facility in union county, nccreating over 100 jobs and investing over $30 millionmonroe, n.c. – briolf usa llc, the subsidiary of briolf group headquartered in spain, has announced it is planning its first u.s. manufacturing campus in union county, north carolina.  this expansion is projected to create over 100 jobs and bring $30.5 million within in the first three years.“we are really excited for this significant milestone in our history. the u.s. has become a crucial market for us,” said jaume juher, president of briolf group. “having this first production plant in north carolina reinforces our strategy and maximizes our presence in the entire region. we want to thank all representatives of the state as well as the monroe union county economic development commission. their advice and continuous support during the project was an essential part of our decision.  as a family run company, our vision takes a long-term perspective. we believe this partnership will be very positive for both our company and the entire community in the coming decades.”“we are ecstatic about briolf usa’s decision to establish its first u.s. manufacturing facility in monroe,” stated monroe mayor robert burns. “this company’s unwavering commitment to excellence perfectly complements our established base of precision manufacturers, underscoring monroe as a hub for industrial success and innovation.  we are excited about their choice to invest in our community. their decision highlights monroe as the ideal manufacturing location, thanks to our commitment to several initiatives, including our reinvestment in workforce through the good jobs/great cities and monroeworks initiative.”with a history spanning more than 50 years in the chemical sector, briolf operates several companies under eight main subsidiaries, each serving different market segments.  as part of its long-term strategy in the u.s., briolf will commence production through its primary subsidiary, international coatings manufacturer roberlo.roberlo specializes in automotive refinishing and industrial coatings. the new facility will be located in the monroe corporate center, a class a industrial park near the charlotte-monroe executive airport.  over time, roberlo’s site is expected to evolve into a manufacturing campus for other briolf group companies. this facility will enhance the group’s ability to serve its north american customers more effectively.“our commitment to economic development by nurturing, expanding, and attracting companies that prioritize quality and innovation continues to yield outstanding results,” said union county board of county commissioners chairman j.r. rowell. “the successful attraction of briolf usa underscores our county’s competitive edge and reinforces our reputation as a leading destination for businesses on both the national and global stages.”“monroe and union county’s unwavering commitment to being pro-business while offering an exceptional quality of life has proven effective in attracting and retaining companies,” stated mucedc chairman and monroe city councilman james kerr. “briolf usa’s decision to establish operations here is a testament to our strategic planning and unique amenities, such as the monroe corporate center, the charlotte-monroe executive airport, and the dowd centre theater, all of which make our community a prime location for global firms.”the company’s new positions will include engineers, managers, and operations and support staff, with the potential to create an annual payroll impact in the community of more than $5 million per year.“the city of monroe and union county provided tremendous support to mucedc as we developed an incentive that was focused on the specific needs of briolf usa enabling their significant investment,” said ms. rachael holzman, mucedc new opportunities manager. “with resources like the monroe corporate center, we have attracted more jobs and investment over the past three years than ever before in union county’s history. we are excited to welcome briolf usa, our first company from spain, to our vibrant industrial community.”the city of monroe and union county are providing incentives for this project, including the newly established magnet50 grant. additionally, the state of north carolina’s performance-based grant from the one north carolina fund will support briolf’s location. south piedmont community college will also partner with briolf to provide essential technical training for precision-based manufacturing careers.governor cooper’s press release:https://www.commerce.nc.gov/news/press-releases/2024/06/06/governor-cooper-announces-spanish-manufacturer-will-build-first-us-plant-union-county -----manufacturer chooses monroe for east coast operationhamilton drywall creating dozens of jobs and investing millionsmonroe, n.c. (october 15, 2020) – hamilton drywall products has purchased a 98,000 square foot production facility in monroe’s historic sutton park. the company, a subsidiary of orange, california’s westpac, will invest approximately $5,000,000 in building renovations and new equipment that will enable it to produce a variety of drywall finishing products. approximately 34 new jobs are expected to be created with plans to continue to grow the workforce in the future.hamilton drywall products is a family-owned business with operations in multiple states around the country. it manufactures a varied collection of compounds, textures, and metal trims that are distributed through dealers and national retailers. from installation to finish, professional contractors and diyers choose the company’s innovative formulas and products to meet the needs of their interior finishing projects. the company’s new manufacturing facility will serve the company’s growing customer base in the eastern united states.“we look forward to establishing a permanent base of operations in north carolina and having a positive impact on the monroe community,” said mark hamilton, general manager of hamilton drywall products. “we are thankful for the state and local support for this project and are excited to invest not only in future growth, but also in the people of union county.”mark hamilton, president of hamilton drywall, will remain in california, while his son nathan has moved to the charlotte area to oversee the new east coast operation.the union county board of commissioners demonstrated its commitment to the project at its october 5, 2020 meeting by approving a “step 2” economic development incentive grant not to exceed $115,000 in total, paid in five annual payments.“we are so glad that hamilton drywall has decided to make union county its new east coast home,” said jerry simpson, chairman of the union county board of commissioners. “creating a business-friendly environment, where companies can focus on their productivity, quality and stewardship to the community is important to the board.”monroe city council, at its october 6, 2020 meeting, also approved an economic development incentive grant in an amount not to exceed $115,000.“hamilton drywall is a great addition to the sutton park area of monroe,” said mayor bobby g. kilgore. “this area is the traditional manufacturing area of our city, with robust utilities and a reliable workforce. it proves again to be a magnet for fine manufacturing companies like hamilton drywall and the anchor of the local economy.”union county and the city of monroe are appreciative of assistance from the north carolina department of commerce and the economic development partnership of north carolina, which enabled the community to secure a performance-based grant of $50,000 from the one north carolina fund to help facilitate hamilton drywall product’s relocation.“north carolina’s convenient proximity to lucrative consumer markets helps connect companies like hamilton drywall to their strategic goals,” said north carolina commerce secretary anthony m. copeland. “congratulations to the company and its employees on the success that has led to this significant expansion.”-----4-story hotel being built in monroea new hotel is being constructed on williams road, near the cvs pharmacy and holiday inn and suites that parallel w. highway 74.by holly morgan, the enquirer journalfairfield inn and suites, owned by marriott, is adding a location to the area.in the email to the enquirer-journal, lisa stiwinter wrote that the hotel will be four stories and have 83 rooms as well as a meeting center, business center, exercise room, and swimming pool. stiwinter is the director of planning and development for the city of monroe.construction is expected be completed by the end of the year, but no other specifics on the projected completion date were available.-----30 years in the making, monroe expressway opens with sighs of relief, hopes for economic developmenttwenty years ago, after beau memory’s car was rear-ended on u.s. highway 74, a sympathetic police officer told him not to worry, a monroe bypass would soon relieve some of the bumper-to-bumper traffic on the busy highway.by ken elkins  – senior staff writer, charlotte business journal – nov. 27 2018today, memory is executive director of the n.c. turnpike authority speaking at the opening of the monroe express, the charlotte region’s first toll road. he told the story to illustrate how long union county residents and others have waited for the $731 million road bypassing the commercial route through monroe.about 150 state officials and local residents attended the ceremony to open the monroe expressway tuesday morning and many had stories and remembrances about waiting for the road to be built. “this project was a long, long time in development,” says n.c. transportation secretary jim trogdon. the toll road should cut the drive from marshville to charlotte by up to 20 minutes by bypassing 27 major intersections on u.s. 74, most of which have stoplights, trogdon says.“the illusive dream has become a reality,” says pat kahle, president of the union county chamber of commerce.chris platé, executive director of monroe-union economic development, says the expressway will allow monroe to “reclaim u.s. 74,” which locals call roosevelt boulevard.“it’s about time, right?” platé says. he has said that locals now avoid driving on roosevelt boulevard because it’s so crowded with cars, 18-wheelers and commercial traffic.by moving some of that through traffic to the toll road, u.s. 74 will once again operate as a commercial corridor for shoppers and other local traffic, platé says. he believes the bypass also will open up more of eastern union county to development to ease the imbalance between residential, commercial and industrial properties.the drive along 20 miles of monroe expressway is mostly a rural experience through union county’s undeveloped eastern side.but really is it the “crown jewel of the charlotte region” as jim walker, a member of the turnpike authority board, says? the ceremony showed the monroe expressway is very important to monroe and union county.a dozen or so kids from marshville elementary school led the group in the pledge of allegiance at the event. vets from the indian trail veterans of foreign wars presented the colors to start off the morning ceremony. that was preceded by a few tunes from the wingate university music department.rhett brown, president of wingate, says the university has bought 100 acres near the expressway, convinced that enrollment will grow even more quickly as prospective students have easier access to the campus.on the east end of the monroe expressway, some believe it will bring additional development outside of union county. john marek, executive director of the anson economic development partnership, is planning a motorcade to lunch in charlotte to demonstrate how the monroe bypass will speed the trip to the queen city.“we want to show that anson county is less than an hour away,” he explains.-----raleigh company proposes $200m worth of swine-gas plants in ncby john downey  – senior staff writer, charlotte business journala raleigh company with plans to build seven swine and agricultural waste plants in north carolina — including one near monroe — has asked regulators to allow it to participate in a pilot biogas program.gess international inc., which moved its headquarters from california to raleigh last year, says in filings with the n.c. utilities commission that each plant would cost about $30 million to build and would employ 16 to 19 workers, once they are in operation.shaun lee, director of field operations for gess, says his company plans to bring several of the projects online next year. the monroe project would be one of those, he says.monroe and one other project have contracts to sell gas to utilities owned by duke energy corp. (nyse: duk) to help them meet state renewable energy requirements. the remainder would be sold to texas-based element markets, a major national broker of environmental energy products and services, for resale to customers in unregulated markets outside of the carolinas.but to be able to start operations in 2019, the company must get permission from the n.c. utilities commission to participate in a limited pilot program for companies that want to inject alternative gases — usually biogases — into the pipeline system of charlotte’s piedmont natural gas co. inc.lacking guidelinesthe commission unexpectedly created the three-year pilot program and appeared to limit participation in a june order on setting purity standards that biogases must meet in order to be transported in piedmont’s pipelines.the commission said it worried that untested gases might cause corrosion to piedmont’s pipelines or damage to lines and equipment operated by customers.the original order grandfathered into that pilot two projects that were already approved. the commission last week allowed a third project to participate. but regulators have not set out clear guidelines on how they will determine if new projects qualify for the program.the n.c. pork council and some in the biogas industry have worried that the pilot could slow development of new biogas projects in the state. and they worry particularly about its impact on projects that produce biogases from swine waste. using that gas to produce electricity is seen as the primary way that duke and other utilities in the state will attempt to meet state requirements for having a small percentage of the power they produce each year come from renewable, swine-waste sources.unique featureslee says gess (which stands for green energy sustainable solutions) believes that regulators and piedmont will soon work out the pilot program issue. and he says that developers in the meantime can develop plants that inject gas into gastonia-based psnc energy’s pipelines and the transco williams interstate pipeline.but the seven immediate projects gess has on tap would all use piedmont to transport their product. the company applied thursday to have five of them, including the union county project, accepted into the pilot. lee says it will apply to allow two more — in wilson and nash counties — into the program as early as today.the application says gess’ projects have unique features that will give regulators more data from which to assess the impact of alternative gases.each of the gess projects (all built on the same design) would use a mixture of about 70% swine waste with the rest of the feedstock coming from other agricultural products. almost all of that would be vegetative products — corn husks, potato vines, miscanthous gas and others. the union county plant would also use some mixture of chicken waste in the mix.big bucksand gess is looking at using a different system to insert the gas into piedmont’s pipelines. rather than have a direct pipeline connection to piedmont (as wilmington-based optima bioenergy does for its gas plants), gess intends to truck pressurized gas from its production facilities to injection points assigned by piedmont.the gas will be inserted into piedmont’s systems at those points.the five initial plants would together cost about $149 million to build, gess calculates. the nash and wilson plants would add nearly $60 million more to that investment.-----greiner bio-one launches new erlenmeyer shaker flask product line in north americagreiner bio-one north america, inc. is proud to announce the launch of a new line of erlenmeyer shaker flasks. these flasks are a welcomed new addition to the already robust cell culture product grouping provided by greiner bio-one which provides pharmaceutical and research laboratories with all the products they would need to perform cell culture applications.greiner bio-one erlenmeyer shaker flasks are ideal for suspension culture of mammalian cells, plants, microbes and microorganisms. the shaker flasks feature a patented 2-in-1 duocap® which allows for flexibility between vented and non-vented applications. each flask is manufactured utilizing an optically clear, inert polycarbonate resin which can be disposed of after single use or be made reusable when autoclaved.products within this new product line range from 125 ml to 3000ml capacity and are available with flat or baffled bottoms to suit the needs of the customer. for additional information regarding this product, customers are encouraged to visit the greiner bio-one website or contact their account manager.greiner bio-one north america, inc., located in monroe, north carolina, provides product manufacturing, distribution logistics and product application support to clinical laboratories, research laboratories at universities, startup companies, and to the world’s largest hospitals, pharmaceutical and biotechnology corporations. greiner bio-one’s products offer solutions for the collection of human samples and plastic labware products specifically related to the medical research field.for more information about greiner bio-one north america, please visit gbo.com.







 
 
 





 






contact us



economic development department
email monroe economic development




					teresa campo, mpa, czo, cda, cma
					
				
strategic projects manager
email teresa campo 
phone: 704-282-4526




  
 
 



 





monroe businesses




charlotte-monroe executive airport




monroe works




good jobs, great cities





 





 














online bill pay








permit center








employment










 
 














solid waste








notify me®








agendas & minutes










 
 
 



 















 






  
 









   





 
 



  
 







contact us







city of monroe300 w crowell streetmonroe, nc 28112phone: 704-282-4500
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







charlotte-monroe executive airport



parks & facilities



report an issue



monroe economic development



mission, vision, & values



monroe police department









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



sign up for notifications



faqs



contact us



site map



accessibility



staff resources









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 












government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









