



	kangaroos - the original shoes with pockets












home
history
pick your country
                        


eu



middle east



us









kangaroos is a truly global lifestyle brand selling footwear, apparel and accessories in over 60 countries. the brand still remains true to its sports origin and combines a genuine athletic heritage with an ethos that consistently values the original and the unexpected.

 
 
© 2019 asco group limited.

contact us | cookie policy | privacy policy | terms & conditions




our history



contact usproduct related questions, queries, feedback, comments or complaints – we'd love to hear from you.to contact kangaroos international please fill in the email form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.nameemailcountrymessage


information about cookiesour website uses cookies to improve its content and ease of use. cookies are small files of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree.we use session cookies that allow you to be remembered within the website, so any page changes or item or data selection you do is recalled from page to page. this means that you don't get asked the same information that you've already given to the site. these cookies are temporary and are erased when you close your browser at the end of your surfing session. we use tracking cookies. these help us to remember your information and settings when you visit our website in the future. this results in a faster and more convenient access and may enhance your experience of services or functions we offer. these cookies remain on your hard drive until you delete them or they expire (they have varying expiry dates, going up to two years). we also use web analytics cookies to help us understand what content is most useful to our visitors. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they're using it. this helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure that users are finding what they need easily.our cookies do not keep personally identifiable information. none of the data we get from cookies will contain information that will enable anyone to contact you via telephone, email, or any other means. tracking is limited to this site and is not shared with third party advertisers. you can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. however, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access all, or parts of our site, and might not be able to shop on the website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our site. please visit www.aboutcookies.org to find out more about cookies.


privacy policypentland usa inc. and/or any of its international partners, subsidiaries or associated companies ("kangaroos" or "we" or "us") take our relationship with all our users seriously, and this includes how we handle the data you give us.kangaroos is committed to meeting the requirements of all relevant laws and codes regarding privacy, including the data protection act 1998 and is registered with the information commission under registration number z6073122 as a data controller. this privacy policy sets out the ways we process any personal data collected via our website. 1. when do we collect personal information? our website is free for you to browse through and read. we only ask for your personal information for the following reasons;if you want to create or update your personal profile;if you want to take part in a prize draw or competition; if you want to contact us, send us an email or offer feedback; orif you want to receive kangaroos news and exclusive offers via email.we only collect personal information (such as your name and address details) if you choose to provide that information to us in response to our request. 2. what do we do with the information?we will require you to provide particular personal information for your usage of the website.providing additional personal information is up to you. we collect personal information to enter you in contests and notify you of results, to e-mail you with updates, news and special offers, to respond to your questions or comments, to register you for certain features on the website. kangaroos (and those people or companies employed by kangaroos who help make this website, its content and its services) will process and use your personal information in order to improve the service we provide enabling us to: speed up your searches, recognise you when you return to the website, respond to your feedback, respond to problems, and tailor what we do to suit your requirements further. 3. asking your permissionwe will only send you email updates if you have asked us to do so. 4. how to unsubscribewe always provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receiving communication via email. our policy is to allow users to unsubscribe from our regular emails at any time. you can do this by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you've received. alternatively you can email us at enquiries@kangaroos.com with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line.however, should you experience any problems, please call our customer service team who will assist you.if you have sent a message asking us to stop sending emails, and this hasn't happened, it may be because the email address to which we are sending them is not the same as the address you sent your request from. please check the address we are using and include this information in your request. the easiest way to do this is to return to us the whole of the unwanted email. the address we are sending to is included at the bottom of the message.if you wish to stop receiving our catalogue, please contact us providing the full name, address and postcode to which we have been sending it, and we will remove this address from our list.5. who processes your information?kangaroos (and those people or companies employed by kangaroos who help make this website, its content and its services including kangaroos, pentland brands and pentland group employees) will process and use the information you tell us in order to respond to your feedback - like responding to problems, improving our services and gearing what we do to suit your requirements further.beyond this, we will not share your information with any other company without your consent unless we are required to do so by law, if you have won a prize or if you have made a request for specific information. if you give us consent when you register with kangaroos.com, then we may share your information with other pentland companies in order that they can contact you with information, promotions, products, services and offers that may be interesting to you.we will never sell your information to any other company.6. use of cookiesinformation about cookiesour website uses cookies to improve its content and ease of use. cookies are small files of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. we use session cookies that allow you to be remembered within the website, so any page changes or item or data selection you do is recalled from page to page. this means that you don't get asked the same information that you've already given to the site. these cookies are temporary and are erased when you close your browser at the end of your surfing session. we use tracking cookies. these help us to remember your information and settings when you visit our website in the future. this results in a faster and more convenient access and may enhance your experience of services or functions we offer. these cookies remain on your hard drive until you delete them or they expire (they have varying expiry dates, going up to two years). we also use web analytics cookies to help us understand what content is most useful to our visitors. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they're using it. this helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure that users are finding what they need easily.our cookies do not keep personally identifiable information. none of the data we get from cookies will contain information that will enable anyone to contact you via telephone, email, or any other means. tracking is limited to this site and is not shared with third party advertisers. you can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. however, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access all, or parts of our site, and might not be able to shop on the website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our site. please visit www.aboutcookies.org to find out more about cookies.7. what do we do to safeguard personal information?we have instituted safeguards to check that our internal procedures meet our high policy standards. we also use our best efforts to be sure that third parties who work with us as our agents to make this website and its contents available to you, and to fulfil your requests, agree to protect personal information that they must access in order to serve our website and our visitors. we limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. 8. links to other websiteswe may offer links to third party websites we use and recommend. however, we are not responsible for the content or information collection policies of websites operated by other companies. if you visit another website, we advise you to review their privacy and other policies. we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. please check these policies before you submit any personal data to the third party websites. 9. changes to our privacy policywe reserve the right to make changes to the website and the terms of this privacy policy by placing a notification of such changes here. you are bound by such revisions once you have consented to such changes or, where permitted by law, such notification has been placed on the website's homepage and you continue to use the website. if you do not accept any such changes, you should stop using the website and notify us by writing to us at the email address below. you should periodically visit this page to review the current terms of this privacy policy. if kangaroos wish to make material changes to the way we use your personal information we will ask for your consent before we do so. 10. anything else i should know?the data protection act gives you the right to access information held about you. any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs of providing you with details of the information we hold about you. in order to contact us to make such a request or to let us know that you no longer want your personal details to be held by us where you have previously consented to our using your details in accordance with this privacy policy (or for any other query related to the use of your personal data) please send an email to enquiries@kangaroos.com or write to us at the address below. except as otherwise provided, we will not disclose any information processed by us to any third party, unless required to do so by law. if you have any questions, wish to access, update or delete information, wish to opt out of receiving future communications, or have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us online, or at the address below. kangaroos is a registered data controller, registration no. z6073122.if you would like us to access information we have about you, please contact us at pentland usa inc., lakeside, squires lane, london, n3 2ql, englandâ© pentland usa inc. all rights reserved.


terms & conditionswelcome to kangaroos.com (the "website"). there are a few rules that our visitors must follow when using our website, so we ask all our visitors to read our terms and conditions carefully.this website is brought to you by pentland usa inc. ("kangaroos", or "we" or "us") and all rights, including copyright, in the content of the website is owned or controlled by kangaroos.kangaroos and its affiliates provide access to the website subject to the terms and conditions set out on this page.if you have any comments or queries relating to this website, please contact us via email or post at:enquiries@kangaroos.compentland usa inc. lakeside squires lane london n3 2qlwebsite terms and conditions of use1. what do i agree to by entering the website?you are invited to use the website on the basis of the terms and conditions of use set out below.by entering the website and using its features (as defined below) you are deemed to have read and accepted these terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions or any part of them, you should not enter or use the website.kangaroos may modify or update these terms and conditions from time to time. if you continue to use this website after any changes, this means you agree to be bound by the modified terms and conditions.if we do make a change to the terms and conditions we will post it at the top of this page, together with the date of the change, so you can easily find it.2. the featuresthe website may offer the following features to you: competitions, prize draws, video clips, downloading of screensavers, desktops and sound files (the "features").3. conditions of using features on the websiteyou agree to use the features in this website in good faith and in the spirit in which they are made available to you. in particular you agree:not to send or resend any content which is obscene or vulgar, offensive, abusive, harmful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, invasive of another's privacy, racially or ethically or religiously insulting or otherwise unlawful; not to use features on the website for any purpose which would be considered a criminal offence, or give rise to civil liability or which is or may be damaging to the rights or interests of any user or other party; not to post or transmit material on the website which is technically harmful (eg computer viruses, corrupted data, trojans, worms or any other harmful software or data); if you or any other party has any issues or concerns with the content of any communications generated via the website, you should contact the website moderator as soon as possible; and that all features will be used entirely at your own risk and kangaroos accepts no responsibility for any losses or consequences suffered by you as a result of your use of the website.if kangaroos is informed or has any reason to believe that any of the features on our website are being used by a user other than in accordance with these terms and conditions, kangaroos reserves the right to suspend or permanently prevent access by the user to the features and shall have no liability to the user whatsoever in such event.4. sending us informationwe are happy to receive from you any ideas, suggestions, graphics, mixes, pictures or anything else, but do please remember that, by sending us your submission (the "material") you will be deemed to have granted kangaroos (and any of its subsidiaries or associated companies) a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive right and licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in the material. other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under our privacy policy, any material you transmit or post to the website shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.by submitting your material to this site, you also warrant that:you have the right to make it available to kangaroos; the material is not defamatory; and the material does not infringe any law.you agree to indemnify kangaroos against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by kangaroos as a result of your breach of the above warranty. you also agree to waive any moral rights in the material for the purposes of its submission to and publication on the website and the other purposes specified above. you may not violate, plagiarise, or infringe on the rights of third parties including copyright, trade mark, trade secret, privacy, personal, publicity, or proprietary rights.this means that all stories, mixes, comments, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information sent to us can be used by it as we see fit. this includes using it for promotional, marketing or any other commercial purpose, whether in advertising, or in developing, manufacturing or marketing products. under no circumstances are you entitled to any payment if we do use your material for any purpose. so remember don't send us your material if you don't want us to use it or the world to know it.5. privacy policyplease ensure that you read our privacy policy to learn about what personal information we collect at this site, how we handle it and for what purposes we use it.6. website content accuracy and permitted usekangaroos makes every effort to ensure that the content of the website is accurate and up-to-date, but kangaroos does not offer any warranties (whether express, implied or otherwise) as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information appearing on the website.kangaroos may remove material or features from the website at its own discretion, at any time and without any notice. the material on the website may be out of date and kangaroos makes no commitment to update such material. kangaroos grants you a limited licence to access and make personal non-commercial use of this website. the licence does not allow you to download, extract or re-utilise (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of kangaroos. this licence expressly prohibits any resale or commercial use of this website or its contents; any derivative use of this website or its contents; and/or any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools. this website or any portion of this website may not be reproduces, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without kangaroos' express written consent. you may not frame or use similar techniques to enclose any trade mark, logo, or other proprietary graphic or trade mark as part of the link without our express written consent. you may not use this website, or any of the material appearing on the website from time to time to further any commercial purpose, including (but not limited to) to promote or encourage traffic to any other website.any use of the website or extracts of the website other than in accordance with this clause 6 is strictly prohibited. 7. links to and from other websitesthe website may contain links to third party websites, and likewise third party websites may contain links to the website. kangaroos is not responsible for the availability of, or any content or material contained in, or obtained through, any such third party websites. if you decide to access any third party website linked to the website, you do so entirely at your own risk. any questions or comments relating to third party websites should be addressed directly to the operator of those third party websites. you may not include a link to this website or display any of its contents, in any format, in any other website without kangaroos' written consent. such consent, if given, may be withdrawn, without notice, at any time and in this event you must remove the relevant link and/or content within 24 hours. 8. copyright, legal statement and database rightsall content and compilation of such content included on the website, including without limitation text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and software, is the property of kangaroos or its subsidiaries, its affiliates or its content suppliers and is protected by uk, european and international laws.all software used on this website is the property of kangaroos, our affiliates or our software suppliers and is protected by uk, european and international copyright laws.you may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the website without kangaroos express written consent. in particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (either once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of this website. you also may not create and/or publish your own database which features substantial (e.g. our prices and product listings) parts of this website.please also refer to our legal statement below.9. legal statementpentland usa inc. is a subsidiary of pentland brands plc.kangaroos and the kangaroo device are registered trade marks of and used under licence from asco group limited unless stated otherwise.www.kangaroos.com is a registered domain name of pentland brands plc.registered office: 8 manchester square, london w1u 3ph. company registration number: 02982897.10. intellectual property rightsyou acknowledge and agree that all copyright, rights in data, databases, trade marks, names, images, logos and other intellectual property rights in the website content, software and all html and other code involved in this website ("intellectual property rights") shall remain at all times vested in kangaroos and that these are protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions.you may not create and/or publish your own database which features substantial parts of this website. users may not, other than in accordance with these terms and conditions, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, redistribute, transfer, or sell in whole or in part, the website or any of the intellectual property rights relating thereto, without first obtaining written permission from kangaroos to do so.all trade marks appearing on the website are used by kangaroos with permission from the relevant trade mark owners and nothing contained in this website shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise any licence or right to use any of the intellectual property rights displayed or subsisting on or in this website other than in accordance with these terms and conditions.nothing contained in this website shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise any licence or right to use any of the intellectual property rights displayed or subsisting on or in this website other than in accordance with these terms and conditions.11. limitation of liabilitythe internet is by its nature an unreliable medium. consequently, you accept that this website is offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis.while kangaroos takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the website is properly functioning at all times, kangaroos does not warrant that this website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects.kangaroos has no control over, and disclaims all responsibility for, any content you encounter, or events which may occur as a result of your use of the features and kangaroos shall not be liable for any damages or other losses of any type whatsoever incurred by you as a result of your use of the website or the features.kangaroos shall not be liable to you for any loss or damage you suffer as a result of visiting this website or making use of the features or information available on the website. you must take your own precautions (including, but not limited to, installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that you retain up-to-date copies of all data) to protect yourself against loss or damage.nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit kangaroos liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence or fraud or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. 12. governing lawyour use of the website and these terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of england and wales and will be deemed to have occurred in england.by accepting these terms and conditions and using the website, you accept that any dispute under these terms and conditions or arising out of use of this website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts and by using this website you hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such courts for such purposes and waive any and all objections to jurisdiction or venue in such courts.if any of the provisions of these terms and conditions are deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining conditions. â© pentland usa inc. all rights reserved.



todaya global brandkangaroos is a truly global lifestyle brand selling footwear, apparel and accessories in over 60 countries. the brand still remains true to its sports heritage and continues to challenge the basic aesthetic of design that gamm started many years ago.2010sfarewell bobthe original kangaroos founder bob gamm passed away in 2012. he was later honored with 91 pairs of a special limited edition style of his favourite kangaroos model, ‘blaze'.2000spayton foundationkangaroos support the payton foundation in memory of one of the greatest nfl players of all time, walter payton.  in 2009, the brand celebrates its 30th anniversary.1990sfrom wrestling to the olympicsthe brand sponsors rick "the dog faced gremlin" steiner of the world championship wrestling who wore bright red knee high roos. various athletes from motor racing, tennis and aerobics also become brand ambassadors. at the 1992 barcelona olympics, the us running team all compete in kangaroos footwear.1990sfrom treads to threadskangaroos successfully expand their reach by introducing apparel collections and footwear for the leisure, outdoor and fashion markets.   1980samerican sports dominationwith running deep in its pocket by the mid 80's, kangaroos quickly exploded into the american sports scene. gamm's vision became one of the top five performance brands in the usa, whilst quickly gaining popularity in europe.1980sdynacoilalways looking forward; gamm opened a 10,000sqm kangaroos laboratory devoted to testing athletic shoes at the university of illinois, usa. collaborating with nasa engineers in 1986 the brand developed ‘dynacoil' - a 3d woven coil fabric technology to use in sneakers especially for the serious runner.1980ssuperstar endorsementkangaroos sponsors nfl legend walter "sweetness" payton, mlb superstars ozzie smith, vince coleman and ron darling, and nba hero clyde "the glide" drexler. the sports stars wear the brand and some become the face of their own signature lines, including the ‘sweetness trap hi'. payton was famously given a new lamborghini from bob gamm for his dedication and support of the brand.    1970sa crazy ideain 1979, american architect and running enthusiast robert ‘bob' gamm had a ‘crazy' and innovative idea! he developed a pair of training shoes with a small zippered pocket big enough to hold a locker key and a few coins whilst he ran.1970skangaroos is bornbob came up with the name kangaroos for his shoes, because the kangaroo jumps 25 feet per step whilst running. it never looks back, only forward and it has a pocket. "the original shoes with pockets" were born.   




our history


1970s


1980s


1990s


2000s


2010s


2013













