






























home page | center for science education




home page | center for science education






      skip to main content
    






main navigation













center for science education


scied









contact us


search











home


about




our team


collaborate with us


affiliations and partnerships


supporters


ucar center for science education logo





educators




teaching resources


school field trips to ncar


join us virtually


teacher professional development





explore




learning zone


skysci for kids


explore virtually


careers in stem


stem at home





visit




visit ncar


join us virtually


exhibits


visitor accessibility





events








search scied







contact us









 






 






engaging all learners to explore and understand our changing world

                      about us
                  







 



teacher professional development
navigate how to teach climate science to middle and high school students and hear from veteran teachers about climate actions that work. 

register today





explore weather and climate
what's a sunspot? can we stop climate change? how does air pollution form? visit the learning zone to explore these questions and more.





 





learning zone



visit this hub for short articles, interactives, classroom activities, images, and videos to help you learn how the earth works.












 







image gallery



view the photos, diagrams, and graphics used throughout the learning zone.











 







videos



watch a video in our expansive media library.











 







games and simulations



expand your learning through virtual games and simulations.









visit the learning zone








do science!

learn how you can help make science happen.






 





atmospheric science career profiles



read stories of what brought people to work here, descriptions of the work they do, and the projects they are most excited about.







 





job shadow guide



use our job shadow guide to help you prepare for a career learning experience at a business or organization in your community.







 





become a nsf soars protégé



significant opportunities in atmospheric research and science (soars) is designed to broaden participation in the atmospheric and related sciences.








more information for aspiring scientists






join us for a tour, program, or event
visit the mesa lab in boulder, co for exhibits, tours, field trip programs, hiking trails, and our annual science festival.





 





nsf ncar public tours



exploring nsf ncar's mesa laboratory and visitor center is an enjoyable and educational way to spend some time in the denver metro area.












 







school field trips to nsf ncar



a field trip to the nsf ncar visitor center is a fun way for your class, camp, club, or home school groups to learn about weather, the atmosphere, climate, sun and space weather, and more! 











 







virtual field trips



live, interactive k-12 education programs with our education specialists.











 







visitor center self-guided tour



our free app provides the perfect opportunity to explore the nsf ncar mesa lab visitor center at your own pace.









visit ncar










 




discover k-12 resources

free resources for k-12 instruction, from short lessons to curriculum units.






 





educators



supporting weather, climate, and earth system science learning, the ucar center for science education provides teaching resources for educators as well as virtual and in-person field trip programs for schools.







 





teacher professional development



we invite you to join our community of educators as we share best practices and resources for teaching about climate and earth systems with our free virtual or low-cost in-person teacher workshops.







 





classroom activities



peruse our collection of more than a hundred k-12 lessons about the science of our planet, its weather, and climate.








explore more teaching resources













 








ncar




ncar homepage
acom | atmospheric chemistry observations & modeling
cgd | climate & global dynamics
cisl | computational & information systems
edec | education, engagement & early-career development
eol | earth observing laboratory
hao | high altitude observatory
mmm | mesoscale & microscale meteorology
ral | research applications laboratory







ucar




ucar homepage
community programs
education & training
for staff
government relations & external engagement
member institutions
tech transfer & engagement
university collaboration






subscribe to monthly k-12 news





sign up



 



learn more about our monthly newsletters




follow us on social media!















© 2025 ucar

privacy
cookies
web accessibility
terms of use
copyright issues
sponsored by u.s. nsf
report ethics concern
staff login



postal address:
p.o. box 3000, boulder, co 80307-3000
•
shipping address:
3090 center green drive, boulder, co 80301











this material is based upon work supported by the nsf national center for atmospheric research, a major facility sponsored by the u.s. national science foundation and managed by the university corporation for atmospheric research. any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material do not necessarily reflect the views of the u.s. national science foundation.












