chiltern mountain club - new england's lgbtqi+ outdoors club | meetup skip to contentchiltern mountain club - new england's lgbtqi+ outdoors clubboston, ma, us187 members · public grouporganized by josiah richards and 12 othersshare:join this groupabouteventsmembersphotosdiscussionsmorejoin this groupwhat we’re aboutour trips page lists a variety of events, including hiking, biking, canoeing, kayaking, camping, skiing, and many other outdoor-related activities club members are leading. chiltern events are open to members and non-members alike, and activities range anywhere from an easy garden walk to a strenuous backpacking trip in the white mountains.  we welcome people of all abilities and backgrounds, so there's no need to feel intimidated if you're new to an activity.
chiltern is an all-volunteer group that strives to create a relaxed environment for people to experience the outdoors together and bond as a community.
***
the purpose of this group is to create a safe space where queer folks can get outside, make friends, and have fun exploring what beautiful new england has to offer! if you identify as queer, gay, lesbian, bisexual, trans, questioning, or anything in between, please join us!
people of all skill levels are encouraged to join. we encourage all members to plan their own hikes, overnight trips, and other fun events and suggest them to the group. please feel free to ask me if you need any help in planning or posting an event of your own.
you must read the trail descriptions and pass requirements thoroughly, understanding that they may not be complete. please bring a little cash for a daily stamp for your car if need be. please also bring enough water, snacks and warm clothing for yourself.
***
chiltern mountain club (cmc) was founded in 1978 by sturgis haskins.  at the time he lived in boston.  he posted an ad in a local paper asking follow gay men and lesbians to join him for a hike up mt. wachusett in central massachusetts.  since then, the club grew into new england's largest and only gay and lesbian outdoor recreation club.
***
how to pay your dues.
from your profile unique to this group in the left column, you can click on the "$25.00/year" link below the "member dues" to securely pay your dues online. you should have received an email from meetup with instructions.
alternatively, you can mail a check to po box 461, danielson, ct 06239. we can manually update your dues expiration on meetup once we receive payment. please be aware that if we do not receive your check in time, meetup may automatically remove you from the group for nonpayment. simply rejoin and we will update you expiration manually.past events (69)see allsat, nov 30, 2024, 10:30 am estturkey tromp #44this event has passed9 attendees+4sat, nov 16, 2024, 10:30 am estearly turkey trampthis event has passed4 attendeessat, oct 26, 2024, 1:30 pm edteasy 2.6 mile hike at the ward reservation in andover, ma this event has passedcb6 attendees+1sat, oct 5, 2024, 12:30 pm edtmiddlesex fells hikethis event has passed12 attendees+7organizersjosiah richards and 12 othersmessagemembers (187)see allafjkllbfgroup linksfind us also atfacebooktwitterwww.chiltern.orgrelated topicshikinglesbianoutdoorsoutdoor adventuresgay and lesbian friendslgbt socialgay outdoorswilderness hikinglgbtqqueer socializinglesbian social networkinglgbt+adventurecampingcreate your own meetup group.get startedstart a new groupyour accountsign uplog inhelpbecome an affiliatediscovergroupscalendartopicscitiesonline eventslocal guidesmake friendsmeetupaboutblogmeetup procareersappspodcastfollow us© 2025 meetupterms of serviceprivacy policycookie policylicense attributionhelp 