

        

        

        

        

        kimmel center for the performing arts

      navigate homeaskarchivesubmit a postrss15 aug 2017student art exhibition alert!head down to the kimmel center to check out the installation
from the university of the arts’ summer institute art, media + design program! it features work from high school students that participate in the program and
spend four weeks of their summer immersed in the arts. they learn how to work
with different types of media, how to think critically about art, and see their
work from new perspectives. it’s definitely an exhibition not to be missed!
14 notes#education#art exhibition#media#design#philadelphia29 jul 2017showstoppers rock the yellow brick roadon july 8, students participating in the kimmel
center’s showstoppers program performed the
wiz at the merriam theater. what is showstoppers, you ask?students in grades 9-12 audition to be accepted into showstoppers,
a two-week, fast-paced musical theater camp on acting, voice, and dance. they
work with musical theater professionals to fine-tune these skills. kimmel
center’s director of education, susan quinn, discussed the success of the
program: “we are so excited to add showstoppers to our summer camp offering
this year. building on the success of kimmel center jazz camp of
philadelphia, we’re reaching high school kids throughout the region with
unmatched opportunities.” it’s an enriching experience for any student
with a love for the stage, leaving them with a boost of confidence and a more
positive classroom performance. at the end of the two weeks, showstoppers culminated their
experience and everything they learned during the intensive program with a
performance of the wiz. quinn also
reflected on the performance, adding that “showstoppers camp brought together
kids from over 20 different schools. over 600 people, including many young
children, enjoyed their performance of the wiz.”  with the help of musical theater professionals and these
students’ drive and passion for the stage, showstoppers truly rocked the yellow
brick road! if showstoppers sounds like the program for you, join us for
our fall auditions on september 16 and september 23! for more information,
visit https://www.kimmelcenter.org/community-programs/show-stoppers/.

1 note#musical theater#summer camp#philadelphia#the wiz#free24 jul 2017top 5 places to take selfies while at the kimmel center balcony barhey friends!
my name is dara and i’m interning here at the kimmel center this summer. i
recently went on a mission to scout out the very best places to take selfies at
the kimmel center while visiting the beautiful new balcony bar. choosing 5 was
incredibly difficult but here are my top choices:first stop
is of course the new balcony bar. if you are looking for a great summer
hang out, this is definitely the place to be. it’s located on tier 2 of the kimmel which makes for one
incredible view. the bar is open wednesday to friday from 5-9 pm and is a center
city sips location on wednesdays from 5-7 pm. in this pic i’m soaking up some
sun on the balcony. be sure to bring your shades!!here’s
another pic from a different angle at the kimmel center’s balcony bar. here you
can see the beautiful view of the city and the hustle and bustle of broad street.
behind me is city hall, the academy of music, the merriam theater, and more.
and if you like to people watch like i do, this is the hang out for you.
whether you are attending an event at the kimmel center or not, the balcony bar
is the perfect place to chill this summer.so once
you’ve chilled at the beautiful balcony bar, make your way down to the far
right side of tier 1 of the kimmel center, directly above the commonwealth
plaza stage. there you will find the most beautiful piece of art by stuart
netsky called monet’s haystacks:
billboard flickers on plastic panels of wood (1991). this gorgeous piece
makes a very colorful background for a selfie or even an usie. ;)also on tier
1, there is some amazing lighting by the windows facing broad street. behind me
you can see the beautiful kimmel center facility which is another great
background for any selfie.now if you
know me, you know that i love a bathroom selfie. and i just love the mirrors in
the lower lounge restrooms at the kimmel. the illuminated mirrors make for some
great selfie lighting. well that
wraps up my top 5 selfie locations at the kimmel center during my visit to the
balcony bar! don’t forget to check out these spots during your visit this
summer. also be sure to check out some of our great programming such as wicked which will be showing july 26th
through august 27th at the academy of music. the balcony bar will be
serving “defying gravity,” a delicious wicked-themed drink. make sure to check out the kimmel center website for more ticket
information and enjoy these awesome selfie locations!
2 notes#selfie#balcony#philadelphia#happyhour#kimmel center7 jul 2017buddy holly…original hipster?

a-hey, a-hey hey! 

relive the legendary music of buddy holly in buddy: the buddy holly story through sunday only at our perelman theater! 

 🎸


#infographic#broadway#true story#philadelphia#hipster26 jun 2017all-city jazz fest takes over kimmel centereleven school-aged bands descended upon the kimmel center on
friday, june 9, for the school district of philadelphia’s all-city jazz
festival!check out these photos from the event – an all-day celebration
with performances from members of the pops in schools jazz program and
the kimmel center’s creative music program for jazz, as well as master classes
led by local jazz musicians like laurin talese – part of the kimmel center’s
2017-18 jazz season.“the goals of the festival align with our desire to provide
quality arts experiences for our city’s young people and welcome them to the
kimmel center campus,” said susan quinn, the kimmel center’s director of
education.(select photo and video credits - the philly pops)
#education#jazz#philadelphia#master class#philly12345

        page 1 of 100

    the kimmel center is philadelphia's premier performing arts center, presenting world-class programming across its campus consisting of the kimmel center, the academy of music, and the merriam theater. tickets: (215) 893-1999 or kimmelcenter.org

        © 2011–2025 kimmelcenter