














school of journalism and mass communication at uw-madison - school of journalism and mass communication


































































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









school of journalism and mass communication





search






menu
open menu


close





home
undergraduate
expand


collapse



undergraduate overview
undergraduate admissions
undergraduate academic advising
degree requirements
degree concentrations
certificates
course guide


graduate
expand


collapse



graduate overview
graduate admissions
ph.d. in mass communications
research m.a.
professional m.a.
financial aid
course guide


research
expand


collapse



research centers and groups
center for journalism ethics
mass communication research center
journalism reading room (jrr)


student opportunities
expand


collapse



student organizations & media
scholarships
james l. baughman senior achievement award
study abroad


careers
expand


collapse



career services & advising
internship credit
job listings


about
expand


collapse



who we are
history
sjmc news
journalism reading room (jrr)
donate


people
expand


collapse



faculty & staff
grad students
board of visitors
affiliates & emerit
alumni & friends
award winners
our supporters


2025 sjmc graduation celebration
 



news
myuw
donate
 





top-ranked for communication research 



hands-on learning with award-winning instructors



engaged alumni in industry and higher education






 


featured news






 



new faculty q&a with assistant professor ross dahlke

this january, alum dr. ross dahlke returned to vilas hall and joined the school of journalism and mass communication as an assistant professor.

 





 



badger love stories

this valentine’s day, the sjmc is celebrating the multitude of “badger love stories” that have flourished across campus and within vilas hall. 



more sjmc news

 





 



sjmc alum steve raymer (ba'67, ma'71) donates archive to wisconsin historical society

this past october, alum steve raymer (ba’67, ma’71) delivered the archive of his life’s work to the wisconsin historical society from his decades-long career as a photojournalist for national geographic.

 
 
 
 


connect. collaborate. create.




one of the earliest communication programs in the country, the university of wisconsin–madison school of journalism & mass communication is also one of the best. we ground our teaching in the liberal arts, preparing students not just for the jobs of today, but for the ever-changing media landscape of tomorrow. from the heart of a world-class university, we create critical thinkers, problem solvers, researchers and innovators.
undergraduate programs graduate programs

 
 
 
 


diversity, equity and inclusion




the uw sjmc is committed to promoting diversity, equity and inclusion through our scholarship and everyday practices. through our daily work as academics and educators we have asserted our commitment to making this world a safer, more productive, more equitable place for everyone.
who we are

 
 
 
 


upcoming eventsfebruaryfebruary 19pulitzer center reporting fellowship for students - info session12:00 pm, onlinefebruary 20internships in communicationsinfo session5:30 pm, 2195 vilas hallfebruary 26intern and study in washington, dcvirtual info session11:00 am, onlinefebruary 26undergraduate admission information sessionsschool of journalism and mass communication5:30 pm, james l. hoyt multimedia classroom (2195), vilas hallmarchmarch 4intern and study in washington, dcinfo session4:00 pm, study abroad resource center (3rd floor red gym)march 6wisconsin sports business conference 1a symposium on sports business: hear from adrian wojnarowski and 20+ more!all day, main atrium (330 n orchard street), discovery buildingmarch 7protrack visit dayschool of journalism and mass communication8:00 am, jack mcleod seminar room (5013), vilas hallmore events 
more

 


job listings



job
location





assistant farm  broadcaster
mid-west family broadcasting                      

            madison, wi          



media executive, digital media & television advertising
koln 10/11 now/ gray media                      

            north platte, ne          



production assistant
wtvo channel 17 and wqrf fox 39                      

            rockford, il          



graphic artist/digital content specialist
mid west family la crosse                      

            la crosse, wi          



pr/marketing internship with the wisconsin singers
wisconsin singers                      

            madison, wi | remote          



wisconsin singers internships
wisconsin singers                      

            madison, wi | remote          



see all postings 
more


 
 
 
 


top-ranked faculty


shah, dhavanmcleod professor of communication research; maier-bascom chair; director, mcrc; research director, cccrriddle, karynrobert taylor professor of strategic communicationmcleod, douglasevjue centennial professorcascio, chrisassociate professorsee all faculty and staff 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website














































 
quick linksalumni & friends
international students
student organizations & media
job listings
journalism reading room (jrr)


contact us5115 vilas hall 
821 university ave.
madison, wi 53706
email: info@journalism.wisc.edu
phone: 608-263-4898

facebook


twitter


linkedin


instagram


youtube

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@journalism.wisc.edu.
learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.















