 



bernard m. and ruth r. bass center for leadership studies | school of management |
binghamton university





























skip to main content




binghamton university: the state university of new york

school of management 

searchmenu 









search








school of managementschool of managementaboutundergraduategraduatenewscareer servicesstudent resourcesfacultybass center for leadership studiesaboutresearchour peoplelevels of analysis, waba, and detectresearch seminars & workshopsfaculty support resourcesalumni




bernard m. and ruth r. bass center for leadership studies




in 1987, bernard bass, distinguished professor emeritus in binghamton university's school of management, envisioned establishing a leadership center dedicated to the discovery and verification
               of leadership research.
the bernard m. and ruth r. bass center for leadership studies at binghamton university
               was created as a result of this vision, and has been at the forefront of innovative
               leadership research for over three decades. through the theoretical integration of
               multiple levels of analysis in the areas of strategic leadership, leadership and team
               decision making, and creatively leading for innovation, the bass center for leadership
               studies continues to define the future of leadership research and practice.

levels of analysis, waba, and detect
access at this link.

learning and research opportunities
the university offers a leadership and consulting concentration for undergraduate students in the school of management. mba and management phd students have the opportunity
               to concentrate coursework in areas of leadership & organizational science. many faculty
               affiliated with the bass center for leadership studies serve as instructors, advisors
               and mentors in these concentration areas.
research program with undergraduate psychology students
the bass center for leadership studies and harpur college psychology department offer a joint program in which undergraduate psychology students can collaborate
               on current projects with school of management faculty while receiving academic credit
               from the psychology department.
independent study
leadership & organizational science faculty may have independent research opportunities
               throughout the year. students interested should consult with individual faculty members
               if they are interested in researching for course credit. there are two- and four-credit
               independent research opportunities offered for undergraduate and graduate students.
                
distinguished speaker series
to celebrate the lifelong contributions that dr. bernard bass has made not only to
               binghamton university, but also to the field of leadership, the bass center for leadership
               studies, with generous support from ruth bass, hosts the annual bass speaker series
               every fall.
past speakers

2023: george banks (the university of north carolina at charlotte)
2022: roseanne foti (virginia tech university)
2019: david day (claremont mckenna college)
2018: john antonakis (university of lausanne, switzerland)
2017: francis yammarino (binghamton university, suny)
2016: shane connelly (university of oklahoma)
2015: steven markham (virginia polytechnic institute and state university)
2014: wayne cascio (university of colorado denver)
2013: fred dansereau (university at buffalo, suny)
2012: terri scandura (university of miami)
2011: leanne atwater (university of houston)
2010: michael mumford (university of oklahoma)
2009: chet schriesheim (university of miami)
2008: dov eden (tel aviv university)


 school of managementaboutundergraduategraduatenewscareer servicesstudent resourcesfacultybass center for leadership studiesaboutresearchour peoplelevels of analysis, waba, and detectresearch seminars & workshopsfaculty support resourcesalumni








marianne ferry
administrative support, bernard m. and ruth r. bass center for leadership studies
school of management
mferry@binghamton.edu
607-777-6571 aa 366













 share on facebook share on twitter share on pinterest share on linkedin share by email 







© 2025 binghamton university state university of new york




accessibility
emergencies
privacy




contactvisitshare




return to top







last updated: 8/8/24