









enigmatario.com





























enigmatario.com


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
home
health
news
politics
technology
business
contact us
 





search for:



 








 


health

acne scars: the imprint of adolescence

june 5, 2020 admin leave a comment



during adolescence, acne is a recurring partner. while it is something that can be treated, in some cases, acne leaves scars that remind us of its passage through the skin. what are acne scars, how can they be prevented and how can they be treated? here we tell you.
acne scars in adolescence
adolescence leaves marks in the lives of all human beings. the first love, the friends of the soul, the transition from childhood to adulthood, the desire for independence. it is an intense time that also in many cases is accompanied by annoying acne. and although we want that when adolescence ended, acne also disappeared forever, many times it is still present in the form of scars. these marks that appear on the skin are an unpleasant reminder of the traces left by the pimples and pimples on the skin.
what causes acne scars?
a scar is simply the skin’s response to a wound in its tissues. it is the visible sign that after an injury, the skin itself tried to repair it. in the particular case of acne, the wound is caused by inflammation that the skin suffers in response to sebum (fat), dead skin cells and germs that clog pores.
acne causes two types of scars: those that are like a hole or crater or those that are bulky or keloid. in some people, acne scars can last a lifetime, while in others, they can change until they fade a little or decrease in size.

the scars caused by acne can have a great psychological impact on those who suffer from them. they may affect your image and self-esteem, to the point of becoming a big problem in your life. on the other hand, in other cases, those who suffer from scars can tolerate and even accept them, because “they are not so serious.” if you or your adolescent child belong to the first group, you are probably interested in knowing if there is any way to eliminate or hide the scars.

the good news is that there are ways to eliminate acne marks . the not so good one is that there is no infallible treatment that is equally effective for each person. according to your case, the dermatologist will talk to you about these options:

collagen injections: injecting collagen or fat under the skin where the scars are located, can fill them or stretch the skin, making the scars less noticeable. however, the results are temporary, so you will need to repeat the injections periodically.
micro-dermabrasion: this method removes skin surface cells.
dermabrasion: completely removes the superficial layer of the skin.

other procedures with laser or  intense pulsed light , or even surgery may be the solution. remember that the most important thing is that you consult with your dermatologist about the best way to eliminate scars in your particular case. thus, you will only have good memories of your adolescence.




 


health

allergies also affect the eyes. learn to avoid and treat them

june 3, 2020 admin leave a comment



in a matter of allergies, the nose is not alone. if you thought that the only allergy symptoms are congestion, runny nose and sneezing, you are wrong. if one day you wake up with the red eyes that itch, burn and tear you, and / or with inflamed eyelids, you have all the signs of an eye allergy or allergic conjunctivitis. for now, a compress of cold water can relieve the symptoms, but in the long term you need to identify what produces it and learn to fight the symptoms.
allergies in the eyes
the eyes are very sensitive and delicate organs. anything that irritates them is extremely annoying: imagine the sensation of having a foreign body in the eye, a kind of grit that is added to the itching that makes you scrub them continuously, and not to mention redness and inflammation. how to go outside with such an appearance? well, one in five people (in the united states) suffer from allergies that affect their eyes and are known as eye allergy or conjunctivitis allergic although they can cause blurred vision, the good news is that the symptoms of this condition, although very bothersome, do not permanently affect your eyesight, unlike other eye infections that can damage it and sometimes give the same symptoms. therefore, if you do not find relief and improvement with over-the-counter medications for allergies and strategies to avoid it, you should consult as soon as possible with the ophthalmologist (the eye doctor) or with your gp.
why do allergies happen in the eyes?
the function of the immune or immune system (defense) is to protect the body from harmful substances such as viruses and bacteria. this system also reacts and acts against foreign substances, called allergens (to which the person is allergic) that are usually harmless and do not cause any problems in most people.
in an allergic person, the immune system is hypersensitive and reacts extremely. in the case of ocular (eye) allergy, the problem begins when the conjunctiva (the membrane that covers the inner part of the eyelid and the white part of the eye) comes into contact with an allergen. the immune system creates antibodies in an attempt to combat what it perceives as an attack. this could cause the eye to release histamines and other substances to fight the allergen. that is what causes the redness, itching and tearing, discomfort that can occur independently or in combination with the symptoms of nasal allergy.

the two types of eye allergies
there are two types of eye allergies: the seasonal and the most common, the perennial. seasonal allergy occurs only in some seasons of the year that coincide with the times when there are more spores and pollen in the air (spring or autumn), while perennial occurs throughout the year.
the most common causes of allergies are exposure to dust mites, feathers, dandruff, dead skin cells of animals, smoke, environmental pollution and also perfumes, cosmetics and certain medicines. usually, the allergic person can identify what causes the allergy outbreak: a walk in the garden, carrying a pet, vacuuming dust or being exposed to some cleaning products. but if the causes are not obvious, sometimes a blood test can determine them more easily. it is very important to know what causes the allergic reaction to be able to isolate and avoid what triggers it.
both types of allergy produce the same symptoms, only that they are experienced at different times and are caused by different allergens. itching is almost always a symptom that indicates that it is an eye allergy or allergic conjunctivitis, which may also be accompanied by:

redness of the eyes
tearing
blurry vision
burning sensation
secretion and / or eyelids stuck

how do you avoid eye allergies?
the most important thing to prevent allergies in the eyes is to try to limit exposure to the allergen that stimulates the reaction. for that:

if pollen affects you, avoid going outside when the pollen count is higher (usually at mid-morning or at nightfall). keep the windows of the house closed and use the air conditioning. fans tend to make crises worse by spreading pollen, spores and dust in the air. if you have to go outside, wear large sunglasses, to prevent pollen from touching your eyes. when driving a car, close the car windows.
if dust mites affect you, cover the mattress and pillows with allergy covers. frequently wash the bedding with hot water. and if the mattress already has several years of use (10 or more), consider buying a new one. most old mattresses are a true colony of allergens.
keep the floor very clean, without dust. in addition to sweeping or vacuuming, you should clean it with a damp mop to collect all dust particles. if your allergy is severe, consider removing carpets and replacing them with wood or slab floors. similarly, avoid, if possible, the curtains of fabric that tend to accumulate dust and / or moisture.
try to avoid moisture inside the house to avoid mold. clean the kitchen and bathroom with a solution containing chlorine to remove as much mold as possible.
if your pet is the one that causes allergies , avoid entering the bedroom. do not let him sleep in your bed.

to relieve symptoms
sometimes, it is not enough to avoid the triggers (allergens) of the allergic reaction and you have to use medications, either over the counter or by prescription.

avoid rubbing your eyes, which irritates them even more. to relieve itching, inflammation and burning, use cold compresses.
saline water rinses and eye lubricant drops that can be bought without a prescription help relieve irritated eyes and remove eye particles.
you will also find in the pharmacy decongestant eye drops that eliminate redness. some burn a little when applied and do not relieve all symptoms. in fact, it is possible that if you use them for a long time, they have a “bounce” effect and increase even more in redness.
eye drops containing ketotifen or ketotifen can relieve symptoms for up to about 12 hours. these do not cause the rebound effect, even if you use them for long periods.
if you refrigerate the droplets you will feel more relief when applying them.
you can also try oral antihistamines (taken) such as claritin (loratadine) and zyrtec (cetirizine), which will relieve you in the long term and usually do not make you sleepy.

if you do not improve with these medications, your doctor and / or your ophthalmologist may prescribe other more powerful drops to relieve allergy symptoms. follow the instructions carefully and do not forget to wash your hands very well before and after applying them.
ideally, you can find an effective method to avoid exposure to what causes your allergic reaction. if you can identify them and keep them at bay, the symptoms will improve considerably. remember that if they are not relieved by these recommendations or if other symptoms appear, you should immediately consult your doctor to identify the causes of the problem. they may not be allergies or, if the allergies are very severe, they may require prescription treatments.




 


health

if you don’t want to lose your memory, take care of your teeth!

may 14, 2020 admin leave a comment



a japanese study associated loss of teeth and gum infections with an increase in the likelihood of losing memory and developing dementia . in this article we tell you more details about this finding and how you can take care of yourself to prevent your teeth from falling out and in passing, that you lose your memory.
body changes
with the passage of time the body changes and it is natural that its functioning decreases. for example, some lose their sight, others hearing, teeth or memory. what all these disorders share is that they appear with age.
however, a group of researchers from japan tried to unite two of these conditions and seek a relationship between them. in this way he found that people over 65 who had or did not have teeth or had only some (few) own teeth, were more likely to suffer memory loss or alzheimer’s , while those who kept their teeth in better condition they had no brain disorders.
the researchers believe that one of the possible causes of this relationship could be that gum infections that can lead to tooth loss could release inflammatory substances, which in turn increase brain inflammation that causes neuron death (the cells of the brain) and accelerates memory loss. in addition, this could cause a vicious cycle since the loss of these brain connections could also cause the loss of more teeth, which would contribute to cognitive (thought) impairment .
gum infections and memory
with the passage of time the infections in the gums are very frequent and often they do not give symptoms, that is to say that they appear without pain and they get worse little by little. so, when symptoms finally appear, it is too late to fix it. for example, you might notice redness and intense smell in the mouth and feel pain in the gums.
anyway, the ideal is to detect any potential gum disease as soon as possible to be able to treat it and keep it from moving forward, since in the long term it weakens the structure of the bones on which the teeth rest and this causes them to fall . this is one of the reasons why the annual visit to the dentist is essential when you think about the care of your mouth.
oral health
in addition, to maintain good oral (and cerebral, according to these findings) health, hygiene and daily care you have with your mouth is very important. some simple and easy to remember measures that you can take to take care of your teeth and your gums are:
 	brush your teeth at least twice a day, with a fluoride toothpaste .
 	use dental floss or floss at least once a day (if you have had special dental treatments, be careful when passing dental floss, check with your dentist (dentist) regarding the proper way to do it).
 	eat healthy: limit sugary foods between meals as well as drinks with caffeine and alcohol.
 	>avoid smoking or chewing tobacco.
 	visit the dentist regularly (at least once or twice a year).

don’t wait for more time. you can start today to improve your oral hygiene and keep your teeth and your memory in good condition.




 


health

mental health disorders increase in children and adolescents

april 7, 2020 admin leave a comment



some experts think that the increase in cases of mental health problems or disorders in children and adolescents (for example, adhd and depression, which are the most common) could be because parents are more alert to these conditions since they are more likely to be diagnosed. however, the numbers do not lie and there is no doubt that, globally, mental health disorders are hurting our youth in a significant way: they affect one in 5 children or young people!

the confusion at the first signs
mental health problems or disorders are very frequent. when the first symptoms or the first signs appear it can cause confusion or even fear for the person who suffers it and / or for the family. in most cases, it is nobody’s fault. many research studies are being conducted to try to understand the causes of mental health disorders. seeking professional help is not a sign of weakness, on the contrary, it is a sign of maturity and strength. that is the first step to improve mental health problems. many children and adolescents with these conditions overcome their problems and live happy and productive lives.
statistics of affected children and adolescents
according to the world health organization (who) approximately 20% of children and adolescents worldwide have problems or mental health disorders. half of them begin before age 14 and the disorders are similar in different cultures. neuro-psychiatric disorders are the ones that cause the most disabilities worldwide. unfortunately, regions that have the highest percentages of inhabitants under 19 have the most limited resources. according to who, most low and middle-income countries only have one child psychiatrist for every 1 to 4 million people.
findings
according to the national alliance on mental illness or nami, for its acronym in english:


20% of young people between the ages of 13 and 18 have a mental health problem.
11% have an emotional disorder
10% have a behavior or behavior disorder
8% have an anxiety related disorder
they agree with who that half begin by age 14
75% of mental health problems begin at age 24
mental health problems are the third cause of death in young people between the ages of 10 and 24
90% of those who die by suicide  had a background mental health problem
half of students 14 years of age and older with a mental illness do not finish high school

other findings
according to the national center for children in poverty :


between 20% and 30% of adolescents have at least one episode of severe depression before reaching adulthood.
between 50% and 7% of adolescents with anxiety disorders and with impulse control disorders (such as behavioral disorders or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, adhd or adhd ) develop them during adolescence.
500,000 and one million young people between the ages of 15 and 24 attempt suicide every year in the united states alone.
mental health problems increase in complexity and intensify in adolescence.
the frequency of negative results in health problems among adolescents
health problems can lead to poor school performance, to not ending school, to poor family relationships, to the use or abuse of drugs , to sexual behaviors that put them at risk  or that lead to the juvenile justice system having to intervene in their lives.
it is estimated that about 70% of young people in the juvenile justice system have a mental health disorder.

what are the signs of alert?
according to nami, the warning signs for mental health problems are as follows:

feeling tired or moving away from other people for more than 2 weeks (for example: crying frequently, feeling tired, not wanting to do anything, without motivation).
try to hurt yourself, kill yourself or make plans to do it.
not being under control, having risky behaviors that can cause harm to oneself or others.
sudden fear for no reason, sometimes associated with elevation in the rhythm of the heart, physical discomfort or rapid breathing.
stop eating, vomiting or using laxatives to lose weight; significant weight loss or gain
variations in mood that cause problems in relationships with other people.
use of drugs or  recurring alcohol .
drastic changes in behavior, personality or sleeping habits (for example: waking up early and acting agitatedly).
a lot of difficulty concentrating or staying still that leads to failure in school.
exaggerated concerns or fears that interfere with daily activities such as going out with friends or attending school.

a recent report
recently the centers for disease control and prevention or cdc, in collaboration with three agencies: samhsa ( substance abuse and mental health services administration ), nih ( national institute of mental health ) and hrsa ( health resources and services administration ) published the first report describing the number of american children between the ages of 3 and 17 with mental health problems between 2005 and 2011. key findings include:

millions of children in the us live with depression, anxiety, adhd  , autism spectrum disorders , tourette syndrome , and a variety of other mental health conditions.
adhd was the most prevalent diagnosis among children between 3 and 17 years.
the number of children with mental disorders increases with age, except for the autism spectrum disorder that is higher among children between 6 and 11 years of age.
boys tended to have adhd  , behavioral and behavioral problems, autism spectrum disorders (autism) , anxiety, tourette syndrome and cigarette dependence more often than girls.
teenage men between 12 and 17 years tended to die by suicide more than women.
teen women tended to have more depression  and alcohol use disorder than men.

data obtained from various sources between 2005 and 2011 showed that:
children between 3 and 17 years old in the united states had:

adhd  (6.8%)
behavior or behavior problems (3.5%)
anxiety (3.0%)
depression (2.1%)
autism spectrum disorder (1.1%)
tourette syndrome (0.2% among children 6 to 17 years old)

teenagers between the ages of 12 and 17 in the united states had:

disorder of the use of illegal drugs in the last year (4.7%)
alcohol use disorder in the last year (4.2%)
dependence on cigarettes in the last month (2.8%)

what can parents do?
nami recommends that:

talk to your children’s pediatrician,
get a recommendation to go with a mental health specialist,
collaborate with your children’s school,
and get in touch with other families.

of course we all have a role in this public health problem. young people should know that if they feel sad, worried or angry, they should talk with a friend, family member or adult. teachers and administrators in schools should remember the importance of early detection and of referring students with a trained professional. finally, pediatricians and health professionals should also be alert to early detection to start treatment as soon as possible.
diagnostic challenges
there are several challenges to achieve diagnosis and treatment that could help reduce mental health problems and disorders in children and adolescents, including (and not the only, but very important) lack of access to health insurance or coverage. if you are a citizen or your children were born here, they may qualify for free or very low-cost medical coverage. get informed you may qualify with low-income medical coverage options for medi-cal or medicaid, you can get information at a local human agency agency.





 


health

cold cucumber and avocado soup – healthy recipe

february 1, 2020 admin leave a comment



this cold cucumber and avocado soup is refreshing and has a delicious creamy texture. it is a perfect recipe for those who are trying to consume few carbohydrates since it only has 8 grams of carbohydrate per serving. and, with its healthy fats, avocado (avocado) is an excellent ally to reduce bad cholesterol (ldl) . in addition, our recipe provides a good amount of fiber and is completely vegetarian. bon appetite!
the recipe yields:  6 servings
per serving: 134 calories; 10.0 g fat; 0.0 mg cholesterol; 12.1 g carbohydrates; 3.2 g sugars; 2.6 g protein; 5.5 g fiber
cold soup recipe
recipe preparation time:  30 minutes
difficulty of the recipe: low
ingredients (for 6 servings):

2 cups of water
1 kilo (2.2 pounds) cucumbers, peeled, seeded and cut into pieces
2 ripe avocados, peeled and pitted (avocados)
3 tablespoons lemon juice
¼ teaspoon agave honey
1 teaspoon sea salt
a pinch of cayenne pepper (piquín pepper)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro

preparation of cold soup:

put 1 cup of water in the blender and add cucumbers, avocado, lemon juice, agave honey, ¼ teaspoon sea salt and cayenne pepper. blend until you have a smooth cream (you can add more water if it is very thick).
try and add the necessary salt and lemon.
put in the refrigerator for 2 hours.
serve cold or on time.





 


politics

turkish president decides to upset syrian refugees

december 27, 2019 admin leave a comment



ankara (nni) turkish president recep tayyip erdo ۔an has been claiming that he has survived the tradition of brotherhood and brotherhood among the ansar refugees in assisting syrian refugees. but the turkish president’s actions regarding syrian refugees have opened the door to his brother’s claim. turkish president plans to evacuate syrian refugees in hospitals by withdrawing tax exemptions in large numbers. according to turkish newspaper, president the ruling party chaired a meeting of the aq and reaffirmed a new approach to syrian refugees.
turkish president decides to upset syrian refugees
on the occasion, some other party leaders also reacted negatively to the issue of syrian refugees, emphasizing the need to change their policy. after criticizing the party leaders, erdo کہاan said that syrian refugees it was important for us to open the turkish gates, but we were unaware of the consequences. we helped the syrian brothers. if we had been in such a situation, they would have opened their doors to us in the same way. they said that now things were changing in syria. we will encourage the return of syrian refugees. those found guilty of crimes and trying to stay in turkey illegally will be expelled. similarly, concessions and tax deductions at turkish hospitals for treatment will be withdrawn.




 


news

panama’s decision to remove flags from more ships

december 27, 2019 admin leave a comment



panama city (nni) the maritime transport authority in panama has said that panama will remove its flag from more ships that violate international sanctions and laws. during the past few months, about 60 ships from iran and syria have been removed from panama’s list. 59 of them were given the green signal to delete the registration.
panama’s decision to remove flags from more ships
present this progress followed washington’s re-sanctions on iran in 2018. according to the sources, most of these ships were owned by companies operating in iran. however, they also included syrian shipping vessels. in early july, a large oil carrier (grace 1) arrived in the area of ​​jabal tariq, where it was detained by the british navy. the ship is suspected of violating sanctions against syria. authorities in jabal tariq reported that the oil carrier was carrying the oil to its full potential, allegedly flowing toward syrian banis refinery.
panama’s decision to remove flags from more ships
when the oil carrier arrived at jabal tariq, it had a registered name in panama. however, the panama government later said it had deleted the ship from its registry list on may 29. rafael cesarvista, the director of commercial maritime transport in panama, said in an emailed statement to reuters. panama will continue its flag removal policy. he added that our goal is to improve the proportion of our fleet in accordance with the international sanctions system and maritime security regulations.




 


news

qatar’s suspected probe into us universities begins

december 27, 2019 admin leave a comment



doha (nni) recently when prince qatar al-shaykh tamim bin hamad al-thani proudly attended a dinner hosted by president donald trump in washington, other guests present at the dinner included the chairman of georgetown university. were present. georgetown is one of six universities in the united states that are funded by qatar and also have sub-branches in qatar.
qatar’s suspected probe into us universities begins
according to media reports, amir qatar’s meeting with us president donald trump did not last long, but the us ministry the treasury has launched a qatari funding investigation at georgetown and three other texas texas a&m, cornell and rutgers universities. us monitoring officials say qatar is the largest donor to us universities overseas. the us administration says the university has received funding and gifts from abroad. i did not inform the federal authorities.
according to the news agency, the us federal government does not have a list in which to inform the educational institutions in the states about the money received from various sources abroad. us researchers instruct most universities nationwide provide details of the amount and donations received from abroad over the past few years. the universities have been asked to specifically mention the donations made by china and qatar in the letter addressed to them. at the moment, cooperation between the us and china in education sector and relations is also strained while the united states regards qatar. has many reservations.
these protections include funding for qatar terrorism. qatar’s name is prominent among the donor countries that us federal officials have collected from foreign aid agencies. although qatar’s volume is not large enough, it has donated $ 1 billion to 28 us universities over the past decade. england’s universities are second with $ 90 million in aid received from abroad. it is surprising that 26 of the 28 universities in the united states received only 2% of the total donations and 98% of the total donations to 6 universities.
these six universities also operate sub-branches in qatar. the qatar foundation, under the ruling family of qatar, provides $ 40 million annually to virginia commonwealth university. a campus of this university is also located in doha, the capital of qatar. according to the american newspaper, us department of education officials also investigated contacts with georgetown university and texas a&m universities in qatar and china’s technology company huawei.
qatar’s suspected probe into us universities begins
are going us authorities suspect that huawei can spy on us national security and smartphone with theft of us national security secrets. us department of education sends harsh messages to qatar-assisted university heads in which they have been advised to provide details of assistance received from qatar and abroad within 30 days or else severe legal action may be taken against them.




 


politics

imran khan’s claim dismissed pakistan’s secret agency knew of osama’s abbottabad presence?

december 26, 2019 admin leave a comment



former us cia director david petraeus has denied a statement regarding the presence of prime minister imran khan’s osama bin laden in washington (online). the pakistani intelligence agency inter services intelligence (isi) was unaware of al-qaeda commander osama bin laden’s presence in abbottabad, according to media reports.
imran khan’s claim dismissed pakistan’s secret agency knew of osama’s abbottabad presence?
si operates us commandos in abbottabad they did not even know and they did not even know that osama was hiding in pakistan. it is to be noted that during his recent visit to the us, the us told channel fox news in an interview that isi had told the cia before the statement, the pakistani government has said it was fully aware of the al-qaeda leader’s presence in abbottabad.
imran khan’s claim dismissed pakistan’s secret agency knew of osama’s abbottabad presence?
david petraeus was appointed cia director on september 6, 2011 and he resigned from this post on november 9, 2012. when the cia conducted the abbottabad operation, levin was heading the penta agency and the president was made after the defense secretary leon panetta. former us intelligence agency cia director david petraeus has denied a statement regarding the presence of prime minister imran khan’s osama bin laden. the intelligence agency inter service intelligence (isi) was unaware of al-qaeda commander osama bin laden’s presence in abbottabad.




 


news

what happened to prime minister imran khan’s visit to america?

december 26, 2019 admin leave a comment



leading us analyst michael kogleman said that prime minister imran khan has attended multiple meetings in the white house during his three-day visit, while analyzing prime minister imran khan’s visit to the united states. one-on-one meeting with donald trump, imran khan meets senior leaders of congress in capitol hill, imran khan addresses us think tanks in washington, he is the largest us media agency interviewed before and before he addressed a large gathering.
what happened to prime minister imran khan’s visit to america?
he wrote that if we regard the announcements and new deals as the standard of success, then imran khan’s visit was nothing, it was about appreciating pakistan’s efforts for the trump administration to help establish peace in afghanistan and it wanted to see more of such efforts while imran khan’s visit to the government was a re-establishment of relations with the united states. if imran khan’s visit was tested on public diplomacy, it was a very successful trip, pakistan image is not good abroad. was especially in washington.
what happened to prime minister imran khan’s visit to america?
the visit has had a strategic success. in his tweet, he said he and his government were representing the best strategic relationship with the united states, which would help secure afghanistan and the region in the long run. he wrote that in washington, imran khan presented his position in various places with a lot of charisma and confidence, analyst said that imran khan’s pleasant visit played a fresh air in relations which is necessary for breathing. ۔ therefore, the analyst described the visit of prime minister imran khan as very successful and said that khan came, he saw and won. prime minister imran khan’s behavior was terrific.




			posts navigation		

1
2
3
next → 







recent posts


acne scars: the imprint of adolescence


allergies also affect the eyes. learn to avoid and treat them


if you don’t want to lose your memory, take care of your teeth!


mental health disorders increase in children and adolescents


cold cucumber and avocado soup – healthy recipe


turkish president decides to upset syrian refugees


panama’s decision to remove flags from more ships


qatar’s suspected probe into us universities begins


imran khan’s claim dismissed pakistan’s secret agency knew of osama’s abbottabad presence?


what happened to prime minister imran khan’s visit to america?


trump mocks african-american legislator cummings


significant changes to the iranian holy spirit’s financial network in iraq


uae government announces explosive news for foreign nationals in uae


bharat ratna and iran agree to complete chahar spring port project soon


indonesian domestic worker gets justice in saudi arabia


egyptian authorities have disputed the content of qatar’s religious website


the college girl married the second she liked


the trump administration agreed to sanctions against turkey


saudi india indonesia and qataris seek to secure 400 defense systems


trump announces forming military alliance to protect military installations


us foreign troops set to withdraw from afghanistan russia china to help us details released


turkey will explain the mysterious presence of $ 20 billion in foreign exchange reserves


 





					proudly powered by wordpress				







