








home - denice duff : really living life


































































 





skip to content















  


search for:








homeabout me about meduffimages headshotsdenice duff photographystuff i ♥ my beauty listmy food listget healthy healthy body blogmenu = me “n” uover 40 #40dayslefttomy40sfashionhappy mindpretty homecoach with mehuff postcontact 


search for:








homeabout me about meduffimages headshotsdenice duff photographystuff i ♥ my beauty listmy food listget healthy healthy body blogmenu = me “n” uover 40 #40dayslefttomy40sfashionhappy mindpretty homecoach with mehuff postcontact 















homeadmin2020-04-05t00:39:32-04:00 
your image is what you are judged on firsti will help you look & feel great so you are irresistablestart nownewly released on youtube!

where denice interviews artists,
entrepreneurs, hollywood
celebrities, and the new celebrity:
coaches, authors and
game changers.in your face
skincarewant to do business with me? click here!really living life was born out of my videos, facebook posts and questions from friends on a daily basis about what i do to stay trim, enthused about life, my diy décor tips, running multiple creative careers, and being still so in love with my damn husband.
i always believed when the purpose was truly noble, that no harm could come to my work schedule….but not doing something to help someone would always result in me feeling less about myself……so therein lies the “selfishness” of help.
so are you ready? lets dive into this together!
sign up today for denice’s really living life newsletter and receive her “8-tips to mindful eating” e-book free!


recent ♥
magnetic lashes

joby gorillapod

an awesome tripod i use for almost all of my live videos!
kryolan 9013 ultra foundation trio face makeup (c)


coaching success!
when i walk down stairs now i find i have a bounce in my step. it may seem insignificant, but things like that – and being able to easily tie my shoes are really big changes for me. thank you denice for your guidance. excited for the future!jgclick here to learn more about how to work with me.
latest from the blog

getting out of your comfort zone and starting from scratch….over 40!
an interview by jeremy ryan slate, host of top 100 podcast





the shirt i could wear everyday! 
   well, it finally happened… after 45 years of living in los angeles, i had to move to new york city to get the chance to make a trip to hawaii.
crazy! first […]








 




super cleansing celery juicecelery juice has super anti-inflammatory benefits with nutrients to help you fight off illnesses, so many of its benefits are magnified by juicing them and getting that concentrated elixir right into your system. it’s loaded with magnesium which is good for muscles, digestion and […]




my perfect happy-blouse!
as a woman living in manhattan i tend to wear a lot of black but when im not wearing black my go-to color is teal or turquoise. why? it makes me happy! i’m a photographer and i have already loaned this blouse from covered […]




my new favorite top!in my exciting new move to manhattan, i found myself wanting to wear more swanky black and just dress it up or down depending on the occasion. pauline, who is the founder of covered perfectly, has created some of the most versatile, flattering and […]








 




the surprising amount of water in fruits and vegetables http://theindianspot.com/ways-to-eat-water/ 
did you know you can eat your water? we all know we need to drink 8-10 glasses of water a day. but the amount of water in fruits and vegetables is far greater than you think. i will […]








 




street style -chloe pantsi’m broad shouldered and have been fortunate enough to maintain decent arms from lifting all my camera gear. i found this shirt at a flea market in sicily. again, those italians and their passion for color, they do not go quietly into the night. paired up with my chloe pants, which are […]








 




street style -pucci leggingsthis is one of my favorite cafes in studio city, it happens to be on the same street that i live. it’s called aroma cafe and it’s quite the hot spot in all of los angeles. serious celeb sightings, daily. as you can see from my smiles, i saw several hollywood […]








 




boots & belts #7i thought this satin jacket would be too showy but it wound up being one of my most compliments jackets i own. sometimes you just want a light colored, lightweight jacket. it has plenty of pockets and it’s easy to wash. and it adds a feminine flair to blue jeans or leather pants.
i […]


12next



 
 






		copyright 2011 - 2017 duff creative | all rights reserved | site by duffweb 


instagramfacebookyoutubelinkedin
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 























get my free booklet!
© really living life, 2017
subscribe today and i'll send you, for free,                     my brand new "8 tips to mindful eating". then you can start eating and feeling better!


send me my booklet!
×




 


go to top




