

















gaydesires















































home
sex video

khmer
maylay
stock


sex gay

amangay
khmergay
software

office





parent category

child category 1

sub child category 1
sub child category 2
sub child category 3


child category 2
child category 3
child category 4


featured
health

childcare
doctors














tuesday, september 20, 2011




marc jacobs spring-summer 2012 collection in new york fashion week



12:58 am
  girl fashion
  no comments



we just know the new spring /summer 2012 collection from marc by marc jacobs presented in new york and i must admit i was surprised. but pleasantly surprised me. and so, after its latest autumn-winter 2011/2012 vintage where reigned on the catwalk, this time simplicity is the only protagonist.wearing plain colors , dominated by shades of orange, blue and black. the colored block is still present but unobtrusive tones and more wearable. this skirt we see on the cover reminds me of those presented in the previous collection for jil sander , is not it?



read more




















older posts








social profiles











popular
tags
blog archives



popular posts









marc jacobs spring-summer 2012 collection in new york fashion week
we just know the new spring /summer 2012 collection from marc by marc jacobs presented in new york and i must admit i was surprised. but ple...










sexy international male model hot american shirtless man picture
sexy international male model hot american shirtless man picture










tossed salad












hot hunk












hair style fashion
                                                                                                                        summer fashion arriv...










japanese style fashion guy (5)












ben cohen in gay times
sexy rugby hunk ben cohen is featured in the newest edition of gay times.










hot underwear male model
             shirtless male model 










vanity fair loves rob pattinson
  good to know we’re not the only ones crushing on rob pattinson. vanity fair must be too as this is the second cover for the “twilight” s...










pictures vietnamese model elly tran ha becomes "the queen" in thailand
elly tran ha has been chosen by a multinational corporation as a queen product line for men in thailand, pictures of the model in angel of t...










labels



girl fashion
(1)


picture
(58)













followers













 





copyright © 
gaydesires | powered by blogger



online: 








