



hunter survey shooter survey




































 






check_boxtake the surveyshare what matters most to you with the hunting and shooting communities.
what the survey is about
southwick associates launched the huntersurvey and shootersurvey in 2006 to help state fish & wildlife agencies, conservation organizations, and the outdoor equipment industry understand what hunters, recreational target shooters, and personal protectors want and need. survey results reflect the attitudes and habits of hunters and recreational shooters across the united states and are analyzed to develop new products, provide better services, and make smarter decisions that help improve public hunting, recreational shooting, and protection opportunities.
at southwick associates, we care very much about your privacy. all survey responses are kept strictly confidential. only summaries of the responses are used in reporting.
why you should participate
pollyour responses help the hunting, recreational shooting, and protection markets develop new products and improve services.
the survey is funded by companies within the hunting and recreational shooting community to learn more about people’s needs and preferences. the results are shared at no cost with conservation and advocacy groups, allowing them to make more informed decisions, advance conservation and pro-second amendment issues, and advocate for what you care about.
huntersurvey and shootersurvey are used by state fish & wildlife agencies, wildlife conservation organizations, and others to expand hunting and recreational shooting opportunities for you.
each quarter, respondents are entered into a drawing for one of five $100 gift cards to the outdoor retailer of their choice.
all survey responses are kept fully confidential.
how the survey is used
quarterly reports are available for purchase, and survey data is often used in projects being completed on behalf of state fish & wildlife agencies, non-governmental organizations, non-profits, and others. here are examples of the data you can help provide:
faq
after i complete the survey, will i get a bunch of spam?at southwick associates, we value your privacy. the only mailing list you will be added to is ours, and we will only contact you to invite you to participate in the survey each quarter.
how many times can i take the survey?you can take the survey once per quarter.
what do you do with all the data you collect?the results are shared at no cost with conservation and advocacy groups, allowing them to make more informed decisions and advocate for what you care about. hunting equipment companies also use the results to improve the products and services offered to hunters.
what are the odds of me winning a $100 gift card?each quarter we randomly select five winners from those who have completed the survey. the odds of you being drawn depends on how many people complete the survey that quarter. you can increase your odds by sharing the survey with others using the share link in your invitation email!
take the hunter/shooter survey for your chance to win one of five gift cards to the outdoor retailer of your choice
check_boxstart surveyabout southwick associates
southwick associates is a market research and economics firm, specializing in the hunting, shooting, sportfishing, and outdoor recreation markets. for more than 30 years, southwick associates has helped the private sector and natural resource agencies make better decisions. we serve fishing tackle, firearm and hunting equipment companies, state fish & wildlife agencies, and non-profit organizations that serve sportspeople and conservation issues.












hunter.survey
the results of huntersurvey will be used by hunting agencies and sportsmen's groups to protect and enhance hunting opportunities.








thanks to all our recent huntersurvey and shooters






it’s not too late! the huntersurvey will be open






happy new year! it’s survey time! visit the link






merry christmas from the huntersurvey family to yo






donald participated in our recent survey and won a






happy thanksgiving from all of us here at huntersu






meet justin! he contributed to our recent survey a






thanks to all our recent huntersurvey and shooters






it’s not too late! the huntersurvey will be open






did you hunt a new dove field this fall, buy a new



 


load more






 follow on instagram









visit angler survey
copyright © 2022 southwick associates

 menu



















