




homepage | protonet, inc.






























































					protonet, inc.				

soul
blog
support
contact

















protonet soul
the no. 1 solution for communication and collaboration in safe environments.

protonet private cloud serveron premiseprivate cloud 
demo video live trial






protonet soulclear designcustomizable dashboardsgroup chats & one-on-one chatsvideo chatsto-do listsfile managementsyncable calendar 


features










clearly structured design for an unlimited amount of projects, discussions, search results, to-dos, appointments, notes, files, folders and dashboards.  








customizable dashboards help you keep an eye on the most important tasks and events. embed to-do lists, notes, folders oder external content. 








group and one-on-one chats allow for quick exchange of ideas, no matter where team members sit. retrieve conversations at any time and keep track of every exchange. 








video chats enable you and your team to collaborate in realtime. one-on-one conversations and business meetings can be started from anywhere with a click of a button. 








to-do lists help you stay on target with your projects. prioritize important deliverables, manage deadlines and responsibilites and measure the completion of tasks. 








data management for sharing and storing files publicly and locally – no matter how large or sensitive. 








synchronized calendars enable you to create and manage events with your team. everyone is up-to-date. always. 











stay in touch with your team via the protonet messenger app for ios® and android®. access your projects anytime and anywhere. 















try soul now.
live trial








more than 2500 clients




what our clients say









we use protonet for training our employees. it has proved to be a valuable learning platform and onboarding tool. awesome!
marco hausmann
head of technical training
gebr. becker gmbh 








exchanging confidential data with our clients has never been so convenient. sensitive information is kept in confidence.
stephan hansen-oest
lawyer and
data protection officer
@sayho 








our team as well as our clients are stoked about the convenience, team work and data sovereignty. 
thorsten bastian
founder & owner basta!media
multimedia fullservice
@bastamedia 














get to know soul.
individual offer









protonet is back
in the last months, we have devoted all of our time and energy to our overriding vision. our goal was to continually provide our services and support with protonet soul in our proven quality. with a new structure and solid foundation, we are proud to say: we are back. read more about recent challenges and current chances:














products

product faq
product tutorials


company

about us
contact
support


web

facebook
twitter
youtube
app store
google play


legal info

legal terms
privacy policy
company info





© 2025 protonet, inc. all rights reserved.

us_team@protonet.com

ende











x




							by browsing our site, you accept							
								cookies							









 





 






 
 





















