



melbourne gates, fence materials and automatic gates, daylesford, victoria


















woven 
              wire fence

woven wire gates 
 automatic gate motors
          & access control 
 
              steel gates & wrought iron gates
              picket fences &
              picket fence design 
timber gates
            wooden gates
fence materials

modern 
              fence designs




call: 0403 816660 for a quote or email us: enquire@resurrection.com.au






 gates and fence materials supplied to melbourne, delivered australia wide.  


 


 









heritage woven wire gates and  fences
picket fence and  gates

feature wooden gates


 
 

 


automatic gate motors
steel gates

modern fence design




 




welcome to melbourne gates, fences and automatic gates.

                  we have been making picket fence materials, wooden, steel and woven wire gates since the 1980s and have accumulated a lifetime of experience in absorbing the architectural styles of australia over the past 150 years, and faithfully reproducing these products to suit the particular architectural style of your home, whether colonial, victorian, edwardian, californian bungalow, art deco, garden city, or the newer architecture of the 21st century.
we also have 20 years experience in supply and fitting of bft automatic gate motors.   
front fences melbourne: picket fences 
we cut kiln-dried treated pine pickets in our factory which complement the architectural style of your home.  we  sell picket fence materials australia wide, including posts, gates, gate hardware and letterboxes.

garden gates melbourne and garden  fence design           
 garden gates and garden fences  are usually woven wire or a simple picket fence, kept low to show off the garden. victorian and edwardian gardens featured formal geometry with straight paths and hedging. later californian bungalow and art deco styles were less formal and often used curving paths and large lawns. cottage gardens using roses, lavender and ground covers can be best shown off with woven wire fences or low picket fences. for more information on garden fencing, go to our garden gates and garden fences page. 
modern fence design: contemporary fencing.
                  contemporary fencing has become popular with the rise of modern domestic architecture. we have developed a range of modern fence and modern gates using timber, steel, masonry and hardboard in order to create contemporary fencing which is sympathetic to the modern ascetic.
 go to our modern fence page for more information and pictures.
                  
                   
 


we fabricate gates and fence materials in our factory in daylesford
we install gates from ballarat to melbourne  and deliver  australiawide.
how to build a front fence:
            go to our article on design, layout, construction, materials, painting and more information on front fence planning and construction from start to finish.
 
front fence entrance gates page

timber gates or wooden gates
              our timber gates feature the traditional joinery craftsmanship of deep 
              mortise and tenon joints, utilizing modern epoxy glues and 
              treated timber to ensure that your wooden gate will keep it's good looks 
              for many years. these timber gates usually complement a period picket fence. see our wooden gates page for more information.
woven wire gates and fences
our powder coated woven wire gates feature traditional scrollwork 
                            and woven wire, while using modern materials such as stainless 
                            steel scrolls and bronze welds so that they will stay rust-free 
                            over the seasons.
              we also make up metal frames for picket fence gates which are light and strong, and guaranteed not to sag. we can 
                            fit them in melbourne or freight them to you anywhere in australia. 

steel gates and wrought iron gates
our steel gates
                            are suitable for modern fence design or we can fit wrought iron gates for traditional fencing. they can be light tube steel or solid metal or wrought iron. all gates are galvanised, and most can be powder coated for the best finish available. all of our steel gates, woven wire or timber gates are suitable for gate automation.
steel gate and woven wire gate colours: dulux powder coat colour card. 
                          
automatic gates and gate openers
 we are  retailers of bft gate opening systems from 
                italy, the home of automatic gate gate openers. these systems are 
                stylish, safe, reliable and easy to use, and carry the full range 
                of options such as sensors, automatic torque cutout, 
                automatic closing, push button or intercom opening, 12 volt battery 
                backup,etc. they plug into a 240 volt outside power point on the 
                house or garage, and run low voltage cable to the auto gate motors. 
                they come with 2 or more remotes, which open from an impressive 
                distance. we can fit these automatic gate openers to either driveway swing gates or sliding gates,  steel gates or timber gates. we will fit your automatic gates around melbourne, or freight auto gates and gate openers to 
                you anywhere in australia.
                go to the automatic gates page or
                click to our melbourne automatic gates website for more information.

we sell brass ring latches, strap hinges, angelina cast iron post 
              capitals, made up feature posts, and anything else you will need 
              if you wish to have a go yourself.
              please take the time to peruse our products by clicking 
              on the menu boxes at the top of the page, and don't hesitate to 
               e-mail us or ring 0403 816660 if you wish to discuss your needs.
 we take pride in our work, and believe our steel and wrought iron gates, timber gates or wooden gates and woven wire gates as well as our picket fence designs and garden fencing are well suited to melbourne homes, and judging by interest from interstate, they fit the bill elsewhere. and of course, we can fit automatic gate openers to almost any gate, whether a traditional picket fence or modern fence.







gallery here



call: 0403 816660 for a quote or email us: enquire@resurrection.com.au 





useful resources page
 home

how 
              to build
              your own fence
contact 
          us
back to top





 factory: 13/39 east st, dalesford,  
      victoria 3460
      
    
      copyright ©2005 david english all rights reserved.. 
       
        resurrection gates and fences: front picket fence contractors, modern fence and garden fencing | woven wire gates, garden gate design, timber gates and wooden gates | automatic gates and automatic gate openers.



yukjrut7uyj
photography and content by  www.davidenglish.com.au


