





village of brooklyn in brooklyn michigan











































after-hours water & sewer emergencies: (517) 796-2916


























 121 n. main st, po box 90, brooklyn, mi 49230


 (517) 592-2591












 



															government
														

administration
village council
building division
planning & zoning division
budgets, reports, & plans

village ordinances




															minutes
														

village council minutes
planning commission minutes
cia minutes
parks minutes
utility review minutes




															services
														

inquiries on taxes & utility bills
resident information packet
water & sewer
brush pickup
park reservations
report a street light outage





															forms
														

view all forms
building & zoning forms
permits
property & utility forms
other forms




															calendar
														



															contact
														


















welcome to the

village of brooklyn
brooklyn, michigan



shopping & more
specialty shops



cozy town
in the heart of the irish hills



swain memorial park
open to the public






growing community
offering a complete shopping center

















									view current and previous  minutes
village council, planning commission, cia, & parks minutes with agendas




all minutes




























 special notices











 featured dates




full calendar

 important links

 
fy24 approved budget
 
fy23 budget amendments
 
corridor improve. authority
 
water quality report
 
bridge safety inspection
 village ordinances
 
water/sewer rates
 
fee schedule
 employment opportunities


 payment options
we accept cash, check, credit, or debit cards as payment options. we also accept automatic payments from a checking 
										or savings account. a signed authorization form must 
										be completed for this service.



 newsletter sign up
sign up for our newsletter!

sign up here














village of brooklyn
located in the heart of the irish hills







scheduled meetings
meetings take place at 
								the times and locations below unless otherwise 
								indicated. there are times when meetings may be cancelled or held at a different time or location, so please check our important notices, 
								calendar, or call us at (517) 592-2591.




village councilmthly - 2nd monday @ 6 pm
 held at the brooklyn library


planning commissionmthly - 3rd monday @ 6 pm
 held at the brooklyn library


corridor improvement auth.ority 
								mthly - 3rd tuesday @ 8:30 am
 held at the village office














code officer/inspectors 
code enforcement officer
(517) 592-2591
 ordinance email
building inspector
										brian taylor - (517) 795-9902
electrical inspector
										mark fish - (517) 206-6551
mechanical inspector
										jim wiech - (517) 937-2813
plumbing inspector
										tom trudeau - (517) 206-9005








agendas & minutes
latest agendas are shown along with the minutes below.

 village council minutes
 planning commission minutes
 cia minutes









quick contact info
 village president
 village manager
 dpw director
 village treasurer
 village clerk/office admin.
 administrative assist.
 general information
administration 
village council 







community links
there 
										are great things happening in and around the brooklyn area of the irish hills.

 brooklyn chamber
 the exponent
 irish hills recreation
 oh these irish hills
 experience jackson
 jackson chamber
 jackson county, mi
 wellwise services area agency on aging












 our hours

office*
										monday: 8 am - 4:30 pm
										tuesday: 8 am - 4:30 pm
										wednesday: 8 am - 4:30 pm
										thursday: 8 am - 4:30 pm
										friday: 8 am - 4:30 pm
*closed for lunch 12:30-1:30



directions to us  

after-hours water & sewer emergencies: (517) 796-2916













about the 
village of brooklyn 








brooklyn, michigan is a cozy town snuggled between three lakes in the heart of the irish hills. this growing community continues to have new businesses open within the village limits enabling the town to be a complete shopping center.


two mini-plazas have been established between the downtown area and the shopping mall to the south side of the village, adding many small businesses of interest to shoppers. for summer visitors and permanent residents, the community can provide for every need.
there are more than 50 lakes within a 10-mile radius of the brooklyn village limits which have given it the title "heart of the lakes." many businesses and service groups have adopted this slogan as a part of their name.







three of the lakes are large and support substantial numbers of visitors for summer and winter fun. wamplers lake, clark lake and vineyard lake all have parks. hayes state park is located at wamplers lake and county parks are at the other two lakes. clark lake also has a township park. lake columbia is a man-made, private lake. property association members have a number of parks maintained for their private use. many new homes are being built in the area as people discover this wonderful area.




historical information







1832
the village of brooklyn was founded in june 1832 when calvin swain filed a land claim for a forty acre plot of land. calvin swain was a reverend who was born in new york state in 1778. he purchased the land in brooklyn because he saw the need for a sawmill. not only did he established a sawmill but he also became the founder of baptist churches of brooklyn, napoleon twp. and woodstock twp. brooklyn was originally called swainsville until august 5, 1836 when a document was filed with the jackson county office after a vote of the people to officially change it to brooklyn.
through the years many events have molded the village of brooklyn along with surrounding areas. as brooklyn grew in the late 1800's a post office was established within the village limits. the location of the post office has moved several times but it has always been housed within the village. due to this occurrence (besides the columbia/johnson post office in the late 1800's and early 1900's) the many surrounding townships have a brooklyn zip code even though they do not border the village.









1938
the village has had several influential land owners and residents through the years. in 1938 henry ford of ford automotive company began construction of a small factory in brooklyn to produce small parts for his vehicles. mr. ford built several of these plants in small towns by small bodies of water in order to utilize water-power mills.
the village has served as the commercial center for area attractions. the brooklyn zip code encompasses several lakes but four large lakes; columbia, clark, vineyard and wamplers lake are all within a 5 mile radius. these lakes along with michigan international speedway (established in 1968) have provided brooklyn numerous visitors since the early 1900's.

























								village of brooklyn is a great place to 
								


visit!
shop!
live!




jackson county... brooklyn, michigan








quick links


 government


administration
village council
building division
planning & zoning division
budgets, reports, & plans
village ordinances




 services

taxes/utility bills inquiries
resident information packet
water & sewer
brush pickup
park reservations
report street light outageprovided by consumers energy




 general info

minutes overview
forms & permits
calendar
contact
website home

privacy policy


 village office
village of brooklyn121 n. main st, po box 90brooklyn, mi 49230
phone: (517) 592-2591
fax: (517) 592-2277
 office email
 google map













© 2018 village of brooklyn. all rights reserved.
                    	designed by: hawthorne designs

















×
 

















 



 




 













close




































