






shamrock rv | nevada's best rv park



































home
call today!
 


select page


  
 
 










a home away from home
nevada’s best rv park








exercise room








seasonal pool








propane sales








pet friendly








laundry





call for availability







about us
rated one of the top 100 small parks in north america.





shamrock r v park is conveniently located only minutes from downtown reno in an area with beautiful views of the sierras. the 121 fully paved sites are level and professionally landscaped with ample space for large rigs and additional vehicle parking. for over seven consecutive years, shamrock rv park has been chosen by trailer life enterprises to receive an “award of excellence” as one of the top 100 parks in north america. shamrock has free wifi and is pet friendly. laundry facilities are clean and open 24 hours. customers have commented that our restrooms are some of the nicest they have seen.





we offer a 10% discount for good sam, triple aaa customer, military, and seniors +65!
check out our wonderful ratings on good sam!


































































































what’s available
monthly, weekly and daily options available.
good sam 10% discount weekly or daily, aaa auto 10% discount rates based on double occupancy, propane for sale, 30 and 50 amp service available, free internet access



view park map






paved spots






free wi-fi






hour laundry












an exellent park in all respects. restrooms were sparkling. spaces paved and clean.— bob m – magalia, ca








1 or 2 of the best facilities we've stayed in the last twenty years. exceptional.— darrel k – spokane, wa








“terrific park….great staff!”— daved b, cibolo, tx








“thanks much for a wonderful, clean park.”— joanne f, chico, ca








“very friendly place to stay.” — ellen r, seattle, wa








“stayed here in our 40′ coach. will be back.”— john and linda k








“great rv park all the way around.”— brian m, santa fe, nm








“enjoyed our quiet stay.  clean facilities!”— marilyn and joe w, billings, mt








“we’ve camped in 40 states and shamrock is one of the nicest.”— michael n, san diego, ca








“cleanest bathrooms ever!”— dennis k, meridian, id








“very helpful, friendly staff.”— marsha l, redding, ca








“best rv park in the past 12 states and ever!”— william s, macon, ge












information
location & nearby attractions
shamrock rv park is in close proximity to great hiking, river and lake fishing, skiing, rafting, golfing, boating and entertainment. reno also offers live concerts and on-going events. click below to see the calendar of what is coming up in reno tahoe.



reno / tahoe calendar











area attractions
lake tahoe, rail road museum, genoa, aces ball park, carson city, virginia city, university of nevada, truckee meadows community college, pyramid lake, carson city historic museum.



near by
university of nevada .2 miles, aces ball park 1.2 miles, legends marina / shopping 2.3 miles, downtown reno 1 mile







shamrock rv









visit reno in style
we have a spot for you!
give us a call  we can’t wait to meet you.








for reservations please call or email us below!








(800) 322-8248








260 parr blvd. reno, nv 89512








shamrockrvreno@yahoo.com





 
























