






sage


  





sage
embedded systems, publishers








 

from their australian offices in perth, western australia, the sage
group provides hardware / software design, specialist electronic components,
electronic modules and desktop publishing services.

sage
telecommunications is our specialist electronic design
division. we provide quality hardware and software engineering solutions. we
offer design packages from concept through to manufactured product.





embedded
          system hardware and software design services.



dontronics range of simmstick
          products.



electronic
          components, pic processors,
          lcd's.









sage pages
is our publishing division. as well as general desktop publishing we publish
specialist interest books. we are currently reprinting australian aviation
history books that have been out of print for a number of years.






halfway
          to heaven, fred hoinville's classic autobiography about
          australia's first commercial skywriter and gliding champion...





silk
          and barbed wire, these are stories of twenty-two allied
          airmen shot down in world war ii over europe, their survival in pow
          camps, their attempts to escape and their final liberation.




a
          bomber command survivor, stanley e harrison's personnel
          tale detailing the rigorous ordeal facing a team of young men in one
          of history’s blackest times.



bombs
          and barbed wire, wilf hodgson's unique wartime memoirs
          written whilst returning home to australia after surviving the war.







don't forget to visit our applications
page.

visit the new electronic shed
page.microbee cf conversion, camping fridge mods, trip reports, x-bull chinese chainsaw review and more.





contact information





sales:

sales@sages.com.au



postal address:

po box 2171 warwick, western australia 6024



[ home ] [ sage telecommunications ] 
send mail to webmaster@sages.com.au with questions or
comments about this web site.
copyright © 1998-2024 sage telecommunications pty ltd
last modified: february 24, 2024


