


ministry by mail






ministry by mail





church of the lutheran confession
sermon archive
current sermon

ministry by mail is a weekly publication of the church of the lutheran confession which offers the gospel of christ through printed sermons.

subscriptions
annual subscriptions for a single copy are $42.00/year. an additional copy mailed to the same address is $12.00. bulk subscriptions (more than 3 copies to same address) are charged at actual postage and printing costs. please contact the editor for pricing. foreign subscriptions are available, contact the editor for costs. please make all checks payable to “ministry by mail.”
the weekly sermons and an archive of sermons may also be accessed online at: www.lutheransermons.org and on facebook. to receive the weekly sermons via email—contact the editor.
please direct all subscription requests, renewals, and other ministry by mail correspondence to the editor:

pastor nathan j. pfeiffer
9308 rich valley blvd
inver grove heights, mn 55077
editor@lutheransermons.org



staff
the current writing staff for ministry by mail is:


pastor luke bernthal
st. stephen lutheran church
mt. view, ca and
hayward, ca


pastor timothy daub
prince of peace lutheran church
	hecla, sd


rev. john klatt, retired
	watertown, sd


pastor nathan j. pfeiffer
berea ev. lutheran church
	inver grove heights, mn


pastor paul d. nolting
grace evangelical
	valentine, ne;
peace of mission, sd
st. paul's of white river, sd


pastor michael j. roehl
st. paul lutheran church
	bismarck, nd


former writers:

pastor mike eichstadt
pastor wayne c. eichstadt
pastor joel s. fleischer
pastor vance a. fossum
pastor martin galstad
pastor d. frank grant
rev. mark gullerud
pastor paul naumann
pastor paul f. nolting
pastor david l.w. pfeiffer
pastor peter e. reim
pastor david p. schaller
pastor michael m. schierenbeck
pastor steven sippert
missionary fred tiefel
pastor ruben ude
pastor p. mark weis
pastor mike wilke


be sure to visit our sermon archive!


