















lovegreen | industrial fabrication & millwright services





















































skip to content




 




why lovegreen
what we do

view all services
machinery moving & installation
rigging & erecting
measurement & alignment
metal fabrication
maintenance & repair
supplemental labor


projects & case studies
careers
contact
 













              millwright and metal craftmanship            

we keep industry running


for over 75 years, lovegreen has provided custom industrial services to manufacturing and production-based operations across the united states.
customers choose lovegreen because we’re highly specialized, we do it right the first time, and provide great customer service.


book a consult














experience. track record. trust.


built over seven decades.










                      75                    

                      years in business                    








                      30,000+                    

                      projects completed                    








                      100+                    

                      active customers                    



















hear from our clients








“i appreciate the knowledge and professionalism from the team at lovegreen and making this a low stress experience.”


                      – plant manager, tdx protein solutions                    



“we had a great experience working with lovegreen on our custom platform project. they listened to what we needed and designed a solution that fit perfectly. the installation was smooth, and the platform has been working exactly as we hoped. the team was professional, met all the deadlines, and stayed within the budget. we’d definitely work with them again.”


                      – maintenance manager, crystal cabinets                    



“partnering with lovegreen has transformed our business.  their team delivers top-notch service, demonstrating unmatched expertise and a genuine commitment to our success. from project start to finish, they communicate clearly and ensure every detail is addressed. we trust lovegreen to keep our operations running smoothly and highly recommend them for anyone seeking quality and reliability.”


                      – maintenance manager, eureka recycling                    



“lovegreen assisted us with our plant relocations in 2024. the equipment relocation was complex, but lovegreen did a great job overcoming several obstacles including walls built around machine placement several years back. we were expecting some normal complications that occur with recommissioning machines. lovegreen was so careful in every aspect of the disassembly that our equipment functioned perfectly, eliminating any downtime at recommissioning.”


                      – director of engineering, russ davis wholesale                    



“lovegreen industrial services has been a key partner for gopher resource in providing custom-manufactured parts. their precision and attention to detail ensure that every part they deliver meets our exact specifications. their ability to deliver high-quality, reliable parts on time has been crucial in keeping our operations running efficiently. we appreciate their expertise and commitment to supporting our unique needs.”


                      – senior maintenance planner, gopher resources                    



“we use lovegreen for a wide range of work needed on our production lines. their quality work and level of detail from their millwrights and engineers is awesome, and i can trust the job is going to get done right!”


                      – scott, reyes coca-cola                    



“lovegreen isn’t just a vendor, they’re a trusted partner to con-tek machine. when we need supplemental labor, there’s only one call we make and it’s to lovegreen. their team of skilled millwrights consistently deliver high-quality results in fabrication, welding, and assembly. their reliability is unmatched; they’ve always been there for us when we’re in a bind. working with them is an effortless experience, and i wholeheartedly recommend their services.”


                      – zac, con-tek machine                    












services portfolio


our service portfolio is highly focused, built on deep expertise and technical ability.  the scope and delivery of lovegreen’s services is tailored to each project’s unique needs.


view all services











machinery moving & installation



                      view service
                    











rigging & erecting



                      view service
                    











measurement & alignment



                      view service
                    











metal fabrication and machining



                      view service
                    











maintenance & repair



                      view service
                    











supplemental labor



                      view service
                    



















moving a complex grain elevator


lovegreen was enlisted to disassemble, transport, and re-install a complex grain elevator structure, from the structural frame to the intricate grain legs and compartment bins.



view the project


see all projects













book a consult


contact us today to start the process.  we will reach out in a timely manner to have an initial consultation.










name email

phoneserviceselectmachinery moving & installationrigging & erectingmeasurement & alignmentmetal fabricationmaintenance & repairsupplemental laborlocationselect your statealabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawest virginiawashingtonwashington d.c.wisconsinwyomingmessagecaptchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
























 

call our office 
minnesota: 651-890-1166
national: 800-262-8284
monday-friday: 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.

 




















 





privacy policy terms of use 











































