








compassionate hospice care from our heart to yours - heart to heart hospice



































 










skip to content












find service areas

view all service areas
indiana service areas
michigan service areas
texas service areas
oklahoma service areas


services

hospice services
levels of hospice care
core hospice services
clinical therapies
family & caregiver support
grief and bereavement care after hospice
specialty programs
care team
veteran supported care


about us

why heart to heart hospice?
history of heart to heart hospice
our mission & values
testimonials
accreditations
heart to heart hospice foundation
find a career
become a volunteer
news & media


resources

caregiver’s corner blog
patient & family handbook
helpful resources


what is hospice?

what is hospice care?
is it time for hospice?
myths & facts about  hospice
eligibility & paying for  hospice


contact us
refer a patient
 











compassionate care
from our heart to yours
contact us refer a patient












what is hospice?
is it time for hospice?
faqs
locations
testimonials





heart to heart hospice
heart to heart hospice was established in plano, texas, in 2003. our founder, who continues to lead the organization today, believes in a philosophy of care based on compassion. that belief remains our guiding force.
we provide a compassionate, patient-centered approach to medical care and supportive services for patients at the end of life, as well as for their family members.
this has driven the success of our hospice programs and we are now one of the largest private providers of hospice care in the united states. we continue to have dynamic growth in the number of patients and families we serve, as well as in our employee and volunteer base.
heart to heart hospice partners with medical professionals, physicians, hospitals, nursing homes, assisted living communities and insurers to deliver the care that patients and families deserve and to educate communities on end-of-life care.
learn more





















what is hospice?
hospice is a specialized type of care with a compassionate approach for those facing a life-limiting illness, as well as their families. hospice care treats the whole person, with a focus on improving the quality of life that remains, rather than trying to cure the disease. the hospice concept affirms life; it does not hasten or postpone death. the goal is to manage a patient’s pain and symptoms so that they may live each day as comfortably and fully as possible. 
learn more








recent caregiver’s corner posts




 

honoring black history month: pioneers in hospice and palliative care






 

caregiver burnout: how to identify and prevent it






 

navigating hospice care for non-cancer diagnoses








view all caregiver corner blog posts






faqs


 




                            1. what is hospice? 





hospice is not a place; rather it is a philosophy of care for those with life-limiting illnesses. hospice care provides comfort care to the patient and the family, instead of trying to cure the disease.  the focus is on emotional, spiritual and practical end-of-life issues. giving seriously ill patients and their loved ones meaningful time together.









                            2. what services are provided by the hospice, and where? 





hospice services include medications, medical supplies, and equipment related to the hospice diagnosis. a team of dedicated professionals provide care guided by choices made by the patient, family and physician. the interdisciplinary team members focus on the physical, emotional, spiritual and practical needs of patients and their loved ones. services are provided wherever the patient calls home, including private residences, long-term care facilities and hospitals.









                            3. how often will a nurse or hospice team member visit? 





the hospice nurse creates a plan of care with input from the patient and family, designed to meet the patient’s needs and respect their values. the frequency of visits by the nurse and hospice team members depend on the patient’s needs. most patients receive 5 – 7 visits a week.









                            4. does choosing hospice mean giving up hope? 





when medicine cannot provide a cure, hospice redefines hope in terms of a patient’s quality of life. the heart to heart hospice team will provide intensive symptom management, while helping patients and their families to prepare, both mentally and spiritually, for the journey ahead.









                            5. can i continue to work with my primary care physician? 





yes




 




                            6. is the hospice program licensed and accredited? 





yes. while medicare-certified hospices must provide certain services, the quality of care and extent of services often vary. heart to heart hospice meets the industry’s highest nationally recognized standards, as evidenced by our chap accreditation (community health accreditation partner).









                            7. how are the hospice caregivers trained? 





caregivers (anyone who provides care to the patient, a family or friend) receive training and education from the “interdisciplinary” team. the team members includes a physician, registered nurse, hospice aide, social worker, chaplain, bereavement coordinator, volunteer and other healthcare professionals. staff use the heart to heart hospice proprietary patient & family handbook to guide education discussions on every visit or call.









                            8. how much authority will i have over the direction of my care? will my loved ones have a part in my care plan? 





hospice care is about giving the patient control.  once the nurse evaluates the patient and understands both the patient’s and the family’s goals, we create a plan of care that reflects those wishes.









                            9. what kind of supportive services will be available to my family? 





hospice supportive services to the family or caregiver focus on the emotional, spiritual and practical needs of the patient and their loved ones. social workers help family’s access community resources like meals on wheels, financial resources, or counseling services.  chaplains help with final arrangements, obituary writing, and spiritual care. bereavement coordinators provide grief support and volunteers can sit with or read to patients while caregivers to do other things. respite care can be provided when caregiver needs a break for care giving duties. bereavement support and counseling may continue for up to 13 months to the surviving family members and friends.









                            10. how do i acquire hospice services? do i qualify? 





anyone can request a hospice evaluation. often a physician will make a referral for hospice care when a patient’s needs cannot be met with current treatments or therapies. usually the physician will provide several options so the patient/family can choose what provider they want.  when a referral is made to heart to heart, we will set an appointment the same day (or on a date convenient for the family) to meet, explain the benefit and answer any questions. to qualify, a physician must certify to the hospice provider that the patient is eligible and has a prognosis of 6 months or less.




 



find hospice services nearest you
hospice is not a place, it’s a type of care.
heart to heart provides comfort care at the bedside, in the place a patient calls home. find a service area with compassionate hospice care near you.






indiana




hospice care in indiana
hospice houses





michigan




hospice care in michigan
hospice houses





texas





hospice care in texas
hospice houses






oklahoma





hospice care in oklahoma









what people say about heart to heart




“i could not ask for more loving, caring people to be with us through all of my husband’s illness and to be with me and our family at the end. we are all so grateful to all the staff for everything.”

-mary, terre haute, in




“i could not have asked for better care from your hospice team. as a result, i am volunteering for a hospice organization here in indiana. thank you for your loving care of my mother.”

-brenda, lansing, mi




“everyone is extremely professional. we recommend your company to anyone in need of hospice. your staff was very loving and had a caring attitude!”

-jane, tyler, tx




 










see more of us on social
 




refer a patient



hospice care

what is hospice?
is it time for hospice
myths & facts about hospice
eligibility & paying for hospice


services

levels of care 
core services
clinical therapies
family & caregiver support
grief & bereavement
specialty programs
care team


our difference

why heart to heart hospice?
history of heart to heart hospice
our mission & values
testimonials
accreditations
heart to heart foundation
find a career
become a volunteer
news and media


our service areas

contact us

resources

patient & family handbook
blog




 

privacy policy












