









home - the answer page





















































































contact us
login
0 items$0.00 
courses

accredited courses


your dose of cannabis education
free resources
our story

leadership
news


groups
blog
cannamation™





 
daily educationdaily education for the medical professional®learn morenationally approved cme/ceview our new “nationally approved cme/ce medical marijuana course”our “nationally approved cme/ce medical marijuana course” introduces the reader to the endocannabinoid system, and addresses many aspects of the therapeutic use of marijuana, including administration, drug interactions, and the health effects of cannabinoids in various patient populations.
learn morecbd clinical courseview our new “cbd in clinical care” courseour “cbd in clinical care” course is designed to assist clinicians with the treatment and counseling of cbd (cannabidiol) consumers.
learn moreanswer of the dayyour dose of cannabis educationonly have a minute but want to learn something every day? ™  sign up to receive your dose of cannabis education, and you’ll get evidence-based cannabinoid information in your inbox every morning. 
learn more 



welcome to the new theanswerpage!theanswerpage is a medical education resource that has been providing the highest quality accredited education to the healthcare community for over 25 years. awarded in the us and internationally, theanswerpage is now a recognized leader for providing comprehensive education on the endocannabinoid system and medical cannabis, pain medicine and opioid prescribing practices. accredited content provides accreditation council for continuing medical education (accme – ama pra category 1 credits™), accreditation council for pharmacy education (acpe), american academy of nurse practitioners (aanp), american nurses credentialing center (ancc), and american general dentistry (agd) credits.theanswerpage creates tailored medical cannabis educational programs for departments of public health, state medical societies, hospitals and medical schools. theanswerpage is the only education company where the founding editor-in-chief and editor-in-chief trained and served together with distinction at harvard medical school and their affiliated teaching hospitals, and have both been the recipients of numerous awards, including the “medical professional of the year award” presented by the americans for safe access (asa) and the “special award for medical cannabis education” bestowed by the international association of cannabinoid medicine (iacm).
“theanswerpage is the resource that i recommend for accredited education on the endocannabinoid system, medical cannabis, opioid prescribing, and pain medicine.”
professor raphael mechoulamfaculty of medicine, the hebrew university of jerusalem, member, israel academy of sciencetop learning content categoriesendocannabinoid system and medical cannabis education
click to learn more
free educational resources
click to learn moreendocannabinoid system and medical cannabis education
click to learn more
state-specific courses
click to learn more
free educational resources
click to learn more

 


“what we’re hearing” 

raphael mechoulam“theanswerpage is the resource that i recommend for accredited education on the endocannabinoid system, medical cannabis, opioid prescribing and pain medicine.”
professor raphael mechoulam, phd
laura c“thank you for providing the nys practitioner education for medical use of marijuana certification course! i have just completed the course and have found it very comprehensive, informative, and engaging. i believe that it will be extremely useful to my future practice.”
laura c, pharmd
rob s“great site. very thought provoking and stimulating. i plan to recommend it to the rest of my department.”
rob s crna
florida medical assoc“the florida medical association and florida osteopathic medical association wish to thank the answer page, inc. for serving as our educational partner in creating this low thc cannabis course for the physicians of florida. theanswerpage has pioneered quality innovative on-line education.”
the florida medical association & florida osteopathic medical association
krista j“this is a great way to learn something new every day!”
krista j., rn




your dose of cannabis education
only have a minute but want to learn something every day™? sign up to receive your dose of cannabis education, bringing featured content from our course library right to your inbox each day.
get your dose of cannabis education
what cautionary measures should be taken when prescribing fentanyl for breakthrough pain?

patients who are not opioid tolerant are at risk for developing sever hypoventilation, when given fentanyl for breakthrough pain.
theanswerpage was launched in 1998 to provide daily education to healthcare providers in training and in practice.
 
contact details

contact us
(800) 801-2239
follow us

quick links
faq
press/media
login
security & brand
privacy policy
terms & conditions
trademark noticecopyright 

copyright © 2025 the answer page, inc. all rights reserved.



credit wordpress web design by digital hill | goshen indiana

 





















