 the georgetown centre  - a venue for every special occasion      


 homeaboutweddingsmenusgallerycontactx
make memories that will last
enjoy a memorable experience
south hills premier venue
the perfect place for you
all occasion venue
enjoy the best moments of lifewelcome to the georgetown centrethe premier wedding, special events, and catering facility in the south hills of pittsburgh, pa.  conveniently located off of route 51, our venue is easily accessible for you and your guests.  rely on our professional planning consultants to ensure that your affair is the one to remember.  with seating capacity for any event up to 400, you won’t beat the professionalism of our team and operation. if you want to gather at an off-site location, our team is seasoned in providing a professionally orchestrated and deliciously catered meal for you and your guests.  please take a few moments to browse through our site and feel free to schedule a tour or call at (412) 655-4800 and understand why the georgetown centre is pittsburgh’s premier celebration venue.our facilityon entering the georgetown centre you are immediately struck by the beauty of the entrance foyer. as impressive as the high glass enclosed atrium is by day, it is at night when the twinkle lights come on that the lobby literally sparkles. the georgetown centre is comprised of two main seating areas which can be combine to create seating for up to 400 people.
the nottingham roomto the left of the entrance is the nottingham room. the nottingham room seats 200 people and is considered to be more open and airy than the dorchester room. in addition to containing the glass atrium, the nottingham room also has a large dance floor and it’s own wet bar.the dorchester roomto the right of the entrance is the dorchester room. generally considered the more intimate of the two rooms, the dorchester room seats from 50 to 200 people depending on the type of function. the dorchester room has it’s own dance floor and wet bar. there is also direct access to the bridal suites and the small front balcony. gabe and karen, thank you for everything yesterday.  we had a wonderful meeting and your team members did a great job.  everyone was thoughtful and courteous, the food had wonderful reviews and i thought the flip went really well.  we were very happy.  thank you for working with us on the cost to make this happen. have a great week. 
kristin lesker eiselvice president of human resourcesgeorgetown centre4.4powered by googlereview us ondonna zirngibl01:22 01 feb 25i was very busy,but we were seated right away. our waiter was very knowledgeable, and friendly. the food came quickly and it was delicious.nathaniel pristas19:18 23 dec 24nice venue and good foodgeorge weir23:37 19 oct 24simply one of the best places we have had the privilege to dj at. service, staff 💯janet mckenney22:52 29 sep 24just had our daughter's wedding reception for about 120 people.  this establishment went over and above what we expected. due to other events they had booked over the week, we were unable to place our table centers and set up our cookie table.  they told us not to worry, we will do it all for you accordy to our requests.  they did a fantastic job of setting up everything for us exactly as we requested.  they replenished the cookie table when needed.  the food for the buffet was excellent.  they coordinated the night with our dj and photographer so all flowed exactly as planned.  the staff was very acquiring and pleasant to work with.  thank you so much to karen and gwen and all the staff for making my daughters receptiona memorable evening.sue b16:38 16 sep 24beautiful wedding reception with lots of space to visit and move about freely. the venue offers several smaller rooms for the bridal party and/or any other specific needs you might have.  they staff was super friendly and quick to keep the tables cleared off when done eating.  constantly offering water and coffee throughout entire evening.  the bartenders were personable and kept up with numerous requests from the attendees. great place to celebrate with good food and beautiful decor.ray mo00:23 10 sep 24paula lemley02:19 16 aug 24nice ⁹reception banquet hall,great parking area,smiling staff,good food!anger rain20:15 21 jul 24brittany petris00:44 19 jul 24the georgetown centre is an absolutely phenomenal wedding and reception venue! gabe and karen were wonderful to work with and made the planning process smooth, seamless, and stress-free from start to finish. they offered multiple planning meetings as needed, which was incredibly helpful.additionally, we would like to highlight the size of the venue - georgetown centre is accommodating for guest lists big and small! the price point for the wedding/reception packages are reasonable and affordable, especially compared to similar venues.needless to say, our day was perfect! the venue staff were incredibly friendly and coordinated well with our other vendors. the venue was extremely clean and the food was delicious! the integrated bridal suite was an added bonus - the suite comes with a private bathroom and seating area. we utilized the bridal suite to eat dinner privately during cocktail hour, which allowed us to mingle with guests during dinner.overall, we would highly recommend the georgetown centre! we received many compliments from our friends and family about the food, atmosphere, and how beautiful the venue is. thank you again to the georgetown centre team for making our dream a reality!donna nyiri23:22 10 may 24anna west22:11 06 may 24sydnee elder18:10 28 apr 24we recently had our reception at the georgetown centre and loved every part of it. gabe and karen are incredibly caring, kind, and accommodating.they made for an easy and smooth planning process. they were invested in making our dream wedding come to life. i highly recommend booking your next event with them. i hope to work with them in the future!bob marlow13:04 21 mar 24we recently attended a wrestling banquet at the georgetown.  the tables were set perfectly for the school colors.  the menu chosen was so good, specifically the broasted chicken.  the entire staff was exceptional.  my glass was never empty and dirty dishes were removed quickly.  the owners even made rounds to make sure all was well.  top notch treatment.  i would highly recommend.chris shaw22:56 20 mar 24the georgetown is a lovely place to spend an evening. we have been here for several occasions. the food is always good, the servers are exceptional and the owners are warm and kind and they truly care, not only for the event happening  but for the guests behind the event.regis griffin20:34 20 mar 24we have had a few occasions there and i must say gabe and his wife are the best. they are very easy and accommodating to work with and gabe went as far as to arrange our gathering while he was on vacation. we did it all over the phone. i cannot recommend them enough.mb prickett11:32 12 mar 24we used to eat here twice a yr for ussteel & tj events between 2006-14, last time was 2014 for the tj honors banquet(our daughter was honored). dry, tough chicken covered in sauce, green beans & potatoes(awful, i sent my plate back) fast forward to the 2024 tj hall of fame banquet(our daughter & her team was honored). $65 a ticket for dry, tough chicken in sauce, green beans & mashed potatoes(i swear that's all they made!) a guest at her table said "the only somewhat edible thing on this plate is the potatoes" my daughter said "how you cook chicken in sauce & it comes out dry, i'll never know!"let's move on to the cash bar(yes, this was a school function) my daughter said the drinks were overpriced & there were people attending under 21, bartendersaid were not carding!interior: dated, dark, depressingthis place hasn't changed in 18yrs, how sad! my daughter got engaged last yr & this place wasn't anywhere on my list of wedding venues! we've lived in jefferson for 30yrs & i wouldn't waste my money on this overpriced, outdated, meeting center....what a shame because i'm a big believer in supporting local businesses, but i'm not going to give 5 stars because i might know someone who owns it or works there.martin kapalo21:36 03 mar 24excellentbryan and emily columbus szczur22:35 15 jan 24the georgetown centre was a great venue for our wedding! gabe is such an amazing wedding planner. he let us set the hall how we wanted it and plan it the way we thought would work best. he is very kind and we enjoyed working with him. the food was delicious and wait staff was very kind and professional! they were a pleasure to work with from start to finish.michelle kealey-harbaugh00:28 15 jan 24we held a wake at the georgetown center this weekend. from my first interaction to the last karen and gabe were simply amazing to work with. they are true professionals who were kind, compassionate, friendly and accommodating. jessica was our event staff and she was impeccable. the food was delicious, hot, and plentiful. the beef, ham, chicken piccata, green beans georgetown and the cheesy bacon redskins were tasty, original and everyone in attendance was talking about them. i would use them again without question.paul alfery06:00 05 jan 24diane f.18:45 13 nov 23we had my daughter's wedding there onsaturday 11/11.. the owner's gabe and karen were so easy to work with.  i have to say the day was perfect from start to finish.  the staff, and the food were excellent. many compliments on the venue itself how it is lit up to the inside decor.  we would highly recommend to anyone. couldn't have asked for anything more.thank you georgetown centre for making this so easy and special.bob schroeder18:45 26 sep 23gabe and karen, along with their entire staff, were wonderful to work with.  they were always friendly, professional, accommodating and willing to answer any questions we had during the planning process. they made our daughters wedding reception stress free.  we would highly recommend the georgetown center.donald weis21:24 24 sep 23nice place great pizza icecream and moredarryl nuzzo14:29 09 sep 23good food nice placeashley baptiste11:03 27 aug 23simple banquet hall.carol sudyk03:32 18 aug 23we recently had our daughter’s wedding at georgetown centre, everything was perfect.the owners gabe and karen are fabulous!the staff was fantastic!the food was excellent!we highly recommend georgetown centre.john allshouse10:38 13 aug 23marsha edwards15:29 30 jul 23i attended a wedding reception here. usually when i come back to pittsburgh i'm not looking forward to the food being served at receptions. i was pleasantly surprised to find the food not only varied but delicious. the service was fantastic also.penny lane19:04 27 jul 23nice placemary lou s15:27 16 jul 23we had a celebration of life at the georgetown center for my brother.   the georgetown was absolutely wonderful!  jessica was very helpful in setting it up, all the staff ( elaine, waitresses and cook) were so very kind.  the food was excellent.   my experiences with the georgetown have always been great.   it’s deserving a 10 star rating.   thank you for making this special day memorable.kelly strutt15:01 01 jul 23i want to thank georgetown centre for catering my son's graduation party and would highly recommend them to cater your next event. the staff was so accommodating and a pleasure to work with. the food was absolutely delicious! i had countless people tell me how good the food was and asking who catered it. georgetown centre is reasonably priced, beautiful facility, flexible carry-out catering, and an awesome list of food choices. georgetown centre gets 5 stars from me and i highly recommend them for your next event!donna.donahoe16:38 11 may 23my son and new daughter-in-law's wedding was just perfect!!!!the food and drinks were absolutely delcious!!!! the service was fantastic! there isn't one thing i can think of that would have made it better!!  thank you to the owners and the staff for a great job!!!!!rachel rovnak15:07 28 mar 23my baby shower at the georgetown was perfect.  the staff and owners were incredibly kind and helpful. my guests and i all really enjoyed the space and the service.  i highly recommend this venue.michael steich22:08 16 jan 23had a celebration of life luncheon buffet with salad,  chicken, beef, roasted red potatoes, stuffed shells and rolls with a cookie table.  food was delicious and heated nicely for a luncheon buffet.  service was exceptional.lilas soukup23:50 14 dec 22owners are wonderful.   food and staff are exceptional.  they address all the small details to make your event special and memorable.lori hines04:13 04 sep 22attended a wedding this evening, exceeds 5 stars....highly recommend.  owners are super nice and personable, food was excellent... the staff was so nice and efficient.   if your looking for a venue for your special occasion, definitely check this out 👍kim lankford00:26 01 dec 20one of my favorite spaces to decorate. loved  the staff. the owner mr george is very kind.  elaine and jessica were very accommodating as always.  covid has changed many things but they were extremely helpful.  love that i was able to transform the room to the clients desire.  the kl experience!mike terry06:02 22 aug 19the staff is great to work with. i am with first class entertainment djing a wedding. the place is very nice and very clean. thanks to all the hard working lady's for making tonight run smoothly.need more information?feel free to call and schedule a tour to understand why the georgetown centre is pittsburgh’s premier celebration venue.monday - thursday: 10am - 4pm
friday - sunday: by appointment only(412) 655-4800© 2025 georgetown centre. all rights reserved.


facebook-f
 



instagram
 


×			






