concert calendar - college of arts and sciences - university at buffaloskip to content   (ub) college of arts and sciences  university at buffalo (ub) college of arts and sciences department of music  contact  toggle navigation menu    10/25/17 about      5/19/23 undergraduate      5/9/23 graduate      1/14/25 faculty & staff      2/7/18 ensembles      6/1/21 news      8/29/23 events      10/25/17 about      5/19/23 undergraduate      5/9/23 graduate      1/14/25 faculty & staff      2/7/18 ensembles      6/1/21 news      8/29/23 events   search    info for    info for   auditions  future undergraduate students  future graduate students  current students  transfer students  contact department of music >events >concert calendar concert calendar the university at buffalo department of music is recognized world-wide as an institution where artistically compelling and very unique events take place. we are the only place on the globe that presents all 16 of beethoven's string quartets annually, and in perpetuity (since 1955). we are regarded by many musicians near and far as a destination to experience the creation and performance of new music at the highest level. our visiting artist series resembles concert listings at some of the world's most prestigious and revered concert venues. please enjoy perusing our concert offerings, and we'll look forward to seeing you at a concert event in the near future!upcoming eventsthere are no featured events at this time. please check back soon or view the full calendar below.loading events… see more events>  join our mailing list   spring 2025    february  sunday, february 16 3 p.m.lippes concert hall, slee hall faculty recital:  michael serio, piano with debi adams, piano the road less traveled - michael serio and debi adams of the well-tempered piano duo offer another four-hand program featuring lesser known composers including bonis, bolcom, chaminade, ligeti, miranda, mompou and price. thursday, february 20 3:30 p.m.baird recital hall room 250 baird hall baird lecture series:  roger grant “the colonial galant style: eighteenth-century music from chiquitania, bolivia”friday, february 28 7:30 p.m.$10lippes concert hall, slee hall get tickets  get tickets for eastman organists  recital on the fisk:  eastman organists this annual concert features a few advanced, highly accomplished students from the renowned organ studio at the eastman school of music.  alums who have performed at this concert in past years have gone on to secure top prizes in competition and distinguished organist positions.   back to top     march  tuesday, march 4 12:05 p.m. brown bag concert informal, 45-minute concert experiences where patrons are invited to bring and enjoy a brown bag lunch. the programs will feature performances by students and faculty from the department of music and will be announced from the stage. friday, march 7 7:30 p.m.$20lippes concert hall, slee hall get tickets  get tickets for bohemian trio yosvany terry, saxophones & chekere; orlando alonso, piano; yves dhar, cello. slee visiting artist series:  bohemian trio this new york-based trio's piano, cello, and saxophone bring the diverse sounds and rhythms of cuba and the americas to life in an original brand of new music.this program will open with a 7:30 p.m. pre-concert talk. the trio will offer master classes with ub students on saturday morning, march 8, from 10 a.m.–12 p.m. details to be announced.“together, these musicians honor heritages that blur more than reinforce borders: the blend of european and african traditions that centuries ago amounted to a new world; and the sweet spot sought by many contemporary composers, especially in new york, grounded more in creativity than genre.”— larry blumenfeld, the wall street journal  center for 21st century music:  two events are scheduled as part of a week-long series of activities that highlight the music of ub composers. slee sinfonietta tuesday, march 11 7:30 p.m.$10lippes concert hall, slee hall get tickets  get tickets for march 11  special event: talea ensemble friday, march 14 3 p.m.freelippes concert hall, slee hallthursday, march 27 3:30 p.m.baird recital hall room 250 baird hall baird lecture series:  clara latham "music from invisible strings: mediating reproductive labor with the theremin"  slee beethoven string quartet cycle, concert iv:  thursday, march 27 7:30 p.m.$20/concertlippes concert hall, slee hall get tickets  get tickets for verona quartet jonathan ong & dorothy ro, violin; abigail rojansky, viola; jonathan dormand, cello verona quartet beethoven:quartet in f minor, op. 95 “serioso”quartet in b-flat major, op. 18, no. 6~intermission~quartet in a minor, op. 132  2025 buffalo international guitar festival  friday, march 28–sunday, march 30schedule of events to be announced.saturday, march 29 3 p.m.lippes concert hall, slee hall faculty recital:  michael serio, piano "improvvisazioni"-  improvisatory works by three contemporary italian composers, performed by a pianist of italian descent.  the program will include “piano suite #1” (1923) by former ub student jared destro, “11 children's pieces” (1920) by alfredo casella, and a set of children's songs composed by chick corea.   back to top     april  tuesday, april 1 12:05 p.m. brown bag concert informal, 45-minute concert experiences where patrons are invited to bring and enjoy a brown bag lunch. the programs will feature performances by students and faculty from the department of music and will be announced from the stage. friday, april 4 7:30 p.m.$10lippes concert hall, slee hall get tickets  get tickets for raúl prieto ramírez  recital on the fisk:  raúl prieto ramírez, organ joey digiugielmo of the washington blade writes that “raúl prieto ramírez is a colossally talented organist. his fearless playing and at-times brazen registrations gave his eclectic program a nervy, exciting flair so often lacking in classical recitals.”co-sponsored by the buffalo chapter of the american guild of organists  slee beethoven string quartet cycle, part ii:  thursday, march 27 - friday, april 11$20/concert*all concerts held in lippes concert hall, slee hall  get tickets: march 27  get tickets for verona quartet march 27 performance  get tickets: april 10  get tickets for verona quartet april 10 performance  get tickets: april 11  get tickets for verona quartet april 11 performance jonathan ong & dorothy ro, violin; abigail rojansky, viola; jonathan dormand, cello verona quartet thursday, march 27 – concert iv: opp. 95, 18/6, 132thursday, april 10 – concert v: opp. 18/5, 130master class is on friday, april 11, at 11 a.m. (free)friday, april 11 – concert vi: opp. 18/4, 135, 59/2"they're the real deal; they really are."— the herald timeswednesday, april 16 7:30 p.m.lippes concert hall, slee hall faculty recital:  stephen guerra with guests rogério souza and lucas ashby “afro samba”thursday, april 17 3:30 p.m.baird recital hall room 250 baird hall baird lecture series:  steven rings what did you hear, my blue-eyed son?: on the musical sources for "hard rain” friday, april 25 7:30 p.m.$20lippes concert hall, slee hall get tickets  get tickets for jeffrey scott  slee visiting artist series:  “passion for bach and coltrane” by jeffrey scott this hour long presentation is an 8 movement suite for wind quintet, string quartet, jazz trio and orator.  texts are by poet a.b. spellman. the performance will be preceded by a 7pm pre-concert talk.imani winds: brandon patrick george, flute; toyin spellman-diaz, oboe; kevin newton, french horn; mark dover, clarinet; monica ellis, bassoonharlem quartet: ilmar gavilán & melissa white, violin; jaime amador, viola; felix umansky, cello“jeff scott’s new grammy winning oratorio is full of inspiration from two giants of music - johann sebastian bach and john coltrane.” — new hampshire public radio   back to top     may  friday, may 2 4–8 p.m.lippes concert hall, slee hall “twilight music”:  a showcase of student performances this program will feature many ub student ensembles and performers.  if the weather cooperates, the event will take place on the plaza in front of slee hall.  we would encourage audience members to bring lawn chairs, food and refreshments. in the case of inclement weather, the performance will be moved indoors to lippes concert hall in slee hall.  details will be posted on our website closer to the concert date.sunday, may 4 2 p.m. gift to the community concert the department of music presents its 3rd annual gift to the community concert in collaboration with important buffalo area music figures, in memory of the tops massacre tragedy of may 14, 2022.   back to top     june  sunday, june 1 - saturday, june 7 june in buffalo  jonathan golove, artistic director this annual, international festival for aspiring composers includes a full week of concerts featuring the music of five distinguished faculty composers.  afternoon concerts highlighting the work of the student composers will also take place throughout the week.  some of the world’s most committed musicians to the performance of recent music will perform.  daily lectures, masterclasses and workshops round out this intensive week.  the concert schedule and other details will be announced in the spring.   back to top   all concerts will take place at 7:30 p.m. in lippes concert hall, slee hall, unless otherwise noted. some concerts may take place in baird recital hall, room 250 baird hall.all concert events are ticketed and priced below unless otherwise noted in the event calendar:$20 for all visiting artist concerts$10 for center for 21st century music events, organ recitals and special eventsub students with a valid id will receive one complimentary ticket to all ub music department eventsfurther information: (716) 645-2921 or rehard@buffalo.edubuy one, get onebuy one, get one ticket promotion on september 10, 2024, and january 29, 2025. visit the slee hall box office from 11 a.m.–6 p.m. to pick up your tickets!the slee visiting artist series and the slee beethoven string quartet cycle are made possible, in part, by the generosity of the late frederick and alice slee.center for 21st century music events are sponsored and managed by the robert and carol morris center for 21st century music in the ub department of music. jonathan golove, artistic directordepartment of music >events >concert calendar   department of music 220 baird hall, north campus buffalo, ny 14260-5030 (716) 645-2765 mus-info@buffalo.edufacebookinstagram apply  university at buffalo. all rights reserved.  |  privacy  |  accessibilityyour privacy is important to us.buffalo.edu uses cookies to help build a better website experience for our visitors. learn more in our privacy policy.okay