







theirsay








































































































            why
          

            what
          

            when
          

            where
          

            who
          

            words
          

            contact
          


































































whywhatwhenwherewhowordscontact







reveal what makes your organization different — and the difference you make. 











scroll






 

what others say about your organization matters to your success

  


    shape the conversation
  









    reveal
  



what makes you differentand the difference you make
















public relations fortech | b2b | professional services













power of the press
good things happen when great companies with compelling stories are featured in the media.learn more










you earned it.













earned media — when a news outlet covers an organization simply because it’s noteworthy — both widens an organization’s reach and enriches its relationships. we generate and shape this type of coverage on behalf of our clients.companies are typically most comfortable with marketing channels they own such as their website and social media. but overage in objective third-party media outlets confers a level of trust far beyond paid and owned media. 




    learn more
  

 











publishingby contributing to outlets that matter to key stakeholders, our clients highlight their expertise. we collaborate on impactful content in a customized and efficient process for each client.













interviewsin interviews with journalists, our clients help contextualize news from their field and show that their organization is at the forefront of  pivotal conversations.













featuresremarkable organizations are often so busy doing great things they don’t fully leverage milestones and successes in the media. we ensure that the newsworthy accomplishments of our clients make the news.

 


























when to engage us
earned media is one part of a comprehensive marketing strategy and timing is key.learn more

















 
















 

“…we finally struck gold with theirsay”“after firing two different pr firms, we finally struck gold with theirsay. within the first 60 days, they got 10 steps ahead of us and showed us what scalable/repeatable pr looks like. they continually come up with new pr channels that we did not know were possible. best of all, we forget they are consultants because they are so integrated with the team and continue to unlock new pr avenues. theirsay immediately helped us reach a larger audience of potential customers than ever before and simultaneously obtained key story types that helped bolster our valuation during a recent investment round.”- the dyrt ceo kevin long 








theirsay news















theirsay recognized at 2024 mercury awardstheirsay received three awards for excellence in public relations at prsa ct’s annual mercury awards.




    read article
  















theirsay recognized at 2024 anvil awardsthe public relations society of america (prsa) honored theirsay at the 2024 anvil awards, the highest honors in pr.




    read article
  













jason simms named to hbj 40 under forty listtheirsay principal jason simms was named to the 2022 hbj 40 under forty list of connecticut business leaders.




    read article
  

 






introduction



banner



what we do



working with us



when to engage us



press quote



press clips
























why | what | when | where | who | contact | words© 2013-2025 theirsay llc















