


amtrac.org




































home

welcome
privacy policy

what's new
1st amtrac bn

1st amtrac battalion history

a short history of the battalion
1st amtracs at cua viet
installation coordinator
bravo company arrives first
marines at the cua viet
photos of cua viet
the amgrunts - leatherneck magazine 
combat photos
the amgrunts - sketch
map of cua viet, vietnam
incoming artillery and rockets
land mines, rpgs and other bad things

operations and battles

the first operation hickory
operation buffalo
operation hickory ii (part a)
operation hickory ii (part b)
operation grouser i
operation fortress sentry
the village chief and the assassins
the cua viet is threatened
battle for dong ha
14 days at nhi ha
north vietnamese army map

unit commendations

presidential unit citation
navy unit commendation
navy unit commendation
meritorious unit commendation
meritorious unit commendation
gallantry cross

remembering those who gave all

camp kistler dedicated
in memory of our fallen brothers
remembering lt. head
final formation
the amgrunt memorial

other things of interest

your story is our history
apricots and amtracs


usmc amtracs

1st generation lvt'samtracs of world war ii and the korean war
2nd generation lvt'samtracs of the vietnam war
3rd generation aav'samtracs of present day marine corps
4th generation acv'samphibious combat vehicle
vehicle specification sheets

landing vehicle, tracked, mark 1
landing vehicle, tracked, mark 2
landing vehicle, tracked (armored), mark 1
landing vehicle, tracked (armored), mark 2
landing vehicle, tracked (armored), mark 4
landing vehicle, tracked (armored), mark 5
landing vehicle, tracked, mark 3
landing vehicle, tracked, mark 4
landing vehicle, tracked, command, mark 5 
landing vehicle, tracked, personnel, mark 5
landing vehicle, tracked, recovery, mark 1
landing vehicle, tracked, engineer, mark 1
landing vehicle, tracked, howitzer, mark 6
landing vehicle, tracked, personnel, mark 7
landing vehicle, tracked, recovery, mark 7
landing vehicle, tracked, command, mark 7
assault amphibian vehicle, personnel, mark 7a1
assault amphibian vehicle, recovery, mark 7a1
assault amphibian vehicle, command, mark 7a1
expeditionary fighting vehicle

amtrac museum

amtrac library

pfc richard e. krausmarine amtracker - medal of honor recipient
marines report from the fieldstories and photos from the marines who are there.
battle honors of the marine amphibian:the amtracs in marine history.
1st amtrac battalion filesthe pdf versions of the 1st amtrac battalion section.
marine corps publications

photo gallery

wwii and korean war lvts
1st amtrac battalion - vietnam
assault amphibian vehicles (aavs)
expeditionary fighting vehicle (efv)

member services



guestbook
special events
mailing list
the amtrac px





infinite menus, copyright 2006, opencube inc. all rights reserved.





















"amtracs"
assault amphibian vehicles of the usmc 














1st amphibian tractor battalion




the official website of the 1st. amphibian tractor battalion amgrunts.
this section is dedicated to the marines of the 1st. amphibian tractor battalion who became known as the amgrunts in a place called cua viet, vietnam.
find out more about the amgrunts and see a side of vietnam that you might not have seen before.















amtracs of the united states marine corps



this section is dedicated to all marine amtrackers.here you will find information and photographs of all marine corps amtracs from the very first landing vehicle, tracked (lvts) of wwii through to the expeditionary fighting vehicle (efv) of the future. 








the amtrac library



articles, papers and publications pertaining to amtracs and amphibious operations.






the photo gallery



from wwii to present day: photos of amtrac marines and their vehicles in action.





























copyright 2003 - 2020

amtrac.org

all rights reserved.
















