



1964 the tribute


































home

news

cast

shows

gallery

blog

store

contact

promo
 




























experience a beatles' concert the way it was performed over 60 years ago...












































the show





"1964"  focuses on the quintessential moment in history, when the beatles actually played before a live audience.   the beatles toured the world in the early 1960's, but now only a  precious few remain who actually saw them live. who actually felt the "mania" that brought them to world acclaim. today, all that remains are a few scant memories and some captured images in pictures and on poor quality film and video. "1964" meticulously re-creates the "magic" of those live beatles' performances with artful precision and unerring accuracy.



for those that never saw the beatles live and always wanted to know what it must have been like...this is as close as anyone could possibly get to...feeling the magic! for over 40 years, "1964" has thrilled audiences with what is considered to be the most authentic and endearing tribute to the beatles. this has been accomplished by a  steady and  consistent cast of talented professional musicians, who painstakingly recreate the look, feel and note for note sound of an actual live beatles performance.






















"best beatles tribute on earth"rolling stone





choosing songs from the pre-sgt. pepper era, “1964” astonishingly recreates an early 60’s live beatles concert, with period instruments, clothing, hairstyles, and onstage banter.

come see why 1964 the tribute has been called the "best beatles tribute on earth".





















when ron howard released his film about the touring years of the beatles called, 'eight days a week', we were all reminded how fun and exciting a beatles concert was. though all the phases of their incredible career were ground breaking, these early concert days are certainly what created the 'mania' around the group. since 'the touring years' is exactly what 1964 the tribute focuses on, we offer this promo as a thank you to ron howard and, of course the beatles come see what 4 guys, 3 guitars, and a drum set can do!









learn about the instruments behind the music. on our 1964 cool storage blog.<click here>











over the years, 1964 shared the stage with many famous artists.here are just a few...



















"1964 creates the magic of the beatles."dick clark         















stay in touch































photos by steven gardner creative studiowebsite designed,  hosted and maintained by 3rd alternative, inc.


"1964" the tribute is not endorsed by or affiliated with apple corps, ltd.


© 2025 roy davies, inc., all rights reserved© 2025 3rd alternative, inc., all rights reserved



















