





home - atlantabellydance.com












































		skip to content











 






(404) 638-6530(404) 638-6530 




home
classes
gallery
team
testimonials
 






 







 







main menu

 









home
classes
gallery
team
testimonials
 









 


atlanta belly dancewhere belly dancers are created ™

list of classes & sign up

inclement weather alert: class cancelled sat 1/11th


our classeswe teach classes at our sister studio “calo dance” at 1963 hosea l williams dr, atlanta ga 30317. classes are 1 hour long and cost $20.

list of classes & sign up




classes


birthday


corporate


wedding



what we offer


classesbelly dance is a huge field – we have folk dances, classical dances, cabaret style dances, dances styles based on country of origin (turkey, egypt, lebanon to name a few), plus a whole range of modern (fusion) dances to western music, and modern styles of belly dance such as tribal fusion or gothic/industrial.


hire a belly dancerhaving dancers entertain at parties is a centuries-old custom, an honored tradition in many parts of the world, and for the last quarter of a century, in america too. belly dancers are hired to celebrate every kind of occasion, and it truly isn’t a party unless you have a belly dancer! so, whatever kind of party you are planning, a belly dancer can help to liven things up and get the party started.


weddingsperformances can be customized to be done in most any venue and for most any occasion. all bellygrams are meant to be suitable and entertaining for all ages.


level testing & certificationfor students who are motivated by a challenge, who want formal feedback and a structure to their studies, we offer a level certification program. the nazeem allayl studios belly dance certification program gives our students a clear path to progress, coupled with objective measurements of how much progress they have achieved. through level specific course work, workshops and private one-on-one instruction, we help each student achieve her goals & obtain the skills that will be tested at each level.


professional dancer trainingschadia, our director, has developed a training program that most of the professional dancers in metro atlanta have taken.  the program consists of a series of workshops and lectures covering the building of performance sets, dancing with props, dancing in a restaurant environment, legal and insurance issues, and much more. what makes this program so unique is that we not only practice in simulations, but also pair apprentice dancers with senior dancers and perform in real restaurants. 


teacher trainingteacher and workshop instructor schadia has developed a consistent methodology for teaching middle eastern dance, and since we train our own teachers, we also offer a teacher training program. here, we cover everything from how to teach belly dance technique, how to break down a choreography into learnable pieces, how to work with different learning styles, how to manage classes, and much more. 




meet our team



schadiafounder, director








kareemateacher








afsanateacher










testimonials & tv appearances


 what do do around atlanta 



★★★★★


a-list tv show



★★★★★


shimmy mob



★★★★★


atlanta belly dance has been featured on tv many times, including pbs, fox5, good morning atlanta, comcast’s best of atlanta, etc. we also were featured in episodes of “the real housewives of atlanta” , “the braxton family values”, and 2 episodes of “blind date”.


our gallery



















it’s time to get in touchdo you have any questions? give us a call atcall: +1 404 638 6530







 










atlanta belly dance

atlanta belly dance, llc

email: info@atlantabellydance.com
 

 











copyright © 2025 atlantabellydance.com
 


















