school of education: indiana university indianapolis





















skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university indianapolis
indiana university indianapolis
iu indianapolis











menu


about

caep accreditationannual report measures


dean's leadership
soe leadership
soe organizational chart


dean's advisory council
iu soe progress reports
mission and vision
staff directory

policy council
soe policies
members

committees
grievance hearing
graduate studies committee

faculty development and advancement
trustees' teaching award
outstanding associate instructor award
outstanding adjunct instructor award
drs. beatrice s. and david i. miller lecture series
burton gorman teaching award
outstanding ai award criteria


faculty and budgetary affairs
committee on teacher education - cote
agenda committee





career opportunities
staff positions
internships and part-time hourly positions
faculty positions
educational careers





academics

academic departments
urban teacher education
urban educational counseling, leadership & policy studies


graduate advising and student support services
careers in education

degrees & programs
astute program

bachelor's degree
principles

secondary educationworld languages

elementary education
early childhood education
urban education studies minor



master's degrees
school counseling
urban education leadership
special education (exceptional needs)
specializations in technology
elementary & secondary education (urban education)
urban principalship track
mental health counseling certificate



doctoral degreesurban education studies

alternative certification/t2t programs
education non-degree graduate
hoosier stem academy
license addition
license renewal
non-u.s. degree



online programs
educational leadership
educational technology for learning
teaching, learning, and curriculum


study abroad



admissions & aid
how to apply
meet your admission counselor

visit usiu indianapolis admission events


financial aid, scholarships & fellowships

scholarships

soe scholarshipseligibility and criteria

other scholarships


faq


update your program



professional development & licensing

professional development
workshops
partnerships



licensing
idoe
contact a licensing advisor
initial teaching license
initial practitioner school services license
license additions
renewal
featured courses





student experiences
future educators fund
student video testimonies
student organizations
student teaching



faculty & research
faculty directory

soe research office

fundinginternal funding

research office internal site
partnerships
presentations
publications
awards
grants





alumni & giving
alumni news

alumni & friends
alumni awards
alumni advisory council


notable alumni

support the school of education
student scholarships
dean's educational excellence & innovation fund
community programs
legacy society
future educators fund
ways to give





community engagement
cohen lecture series
freedom school
iu school of education in indianapolis summer impact programs
spelling bee





contactadvisor directory

news, events & programs






school of education
            


twitter
facebook
instagram
linkedin




homeaboutcaep accreditationdean's leadershipdean's advisory counciliu soe progress reportsmission and visionstaff directorypolicy councilcareer opportunitiesacademicsacademic departmentsgraduate advising and student support servicescareers in educationdegrees & programsonline programsstudy abroadadmissions & aidhow to applymeet your admission counselorvisit usfinancial aid, scholarships & fellowshipsupdate your programprofessional development & licensingprofessional developmentlicensingstudent experiencesfuture educators fundstudent video testimoniesstudent organizationsstudent teachingfaculty & researchfaculty directorysoe research officealumni & givingalumni newsalumni & friendsnotable alumnisupport the school of educationcommunity engagementcohen lecture seriesfreedom schooliu school of education in indianapolis summer impact programsspelling beecontactnews, events & programs
three reasons to chooseindiana university school of education in indianapolisfocus on urban educationour programs focus on the power and possibilities of educational experiences in urban environments and how education professionals can impact change.get plenty of practical experienceyou'll get out into the field early and often to apply what you learn in the classroom, whether you're a first-time student or a doctoral candidate.learn in the heart of indianapolisour central location means you're steps away from anything and everything, from internship locations to dining options.our degrees and programsbachelor's degreemaster's degreeonline programsdoctoral programtransition programcertification programurban education studies minorclinical mental health certificateafricana studies & urban teacher education (astute)facts about us and our programsaward winning faculty and 17,000+ alumni top 3 largest producer of teachers in indiana 65% faculty of color find out about our racial and social justice workcelebration of students, faculty, staff, & programsdr. david nguyen receives the 2024 dr. john morton-finney, jr. excellence in legal education awardthis award honors the legacy of dr. morton-finney, an incredible educator, lawyer, and humanitarian who dedicated his life to justice and education.congratulations to david nguyen, who has been awarded the 2024 dr. john morton-finney, jr. excellence in legal education award by the indianapolis bar association! morton-finney served as a buffalo soldier in world war i, earned 12 college degrees including a law degree from the iu school of law, and practiced law until the age of 106, making him the longest practicing attorney in the us. an inspiration to us all!indianapolis bar associationdr. lasana kazembe announced as a 2024-2026 creative renewal arts fellowthese $12,000 grants are awarded every other year to central indiana artists and nonprofit arts administrators to recharge, explore their creativity, and be inspired.his plan for creative renewal is to visit portugal and engage with its numerous world heritage sites, including monuments, historic city centers, landscapes, nature parks, and heritage. a major focus of his creative renewal will involve exploring and engaging with the luso african & black ex-pat communities in portugal. he plans to document his excursions in a digital travelogue using images, video, poetry, and voice notes. the travelogue will function as both a life syllabus and a living practice text that informs, inspires, and educates.creative renewal arts fellowshipdr. jim scheurich receives the roald campbell lifetime achievement awardthis award is the penultimate award that ucea provides. the award is given for an entire career as a professor.congratulations dr. jim scheurich! he has been awarded the prestigious roald f. campbell lifetime achievement award by the ucea! this award serves to recognize those who have shown extraordinary commitment, excellence, leadership, productivity, generosity, and service in the field of educational administration throughout their professional lives.ucea award informationschool counseling zoom sessionsjoin the exciting world of school counseling with indiana university indianapolisjoin the dynamic world of school counseling. empower students, close opportunity gaps and make a lasting impact with the school counseling graduate program at indiana university indianapolis. gain the skills needed to excel in any k-12 educational environment. join our info sessions by scanning the qr code.school counseling informationemerging tech trendsettersproviding authentic, culturally relevant learning experiences.brittany garvin is transforming stem education by providing culturally relevant learning experiences using virtual reality (vr). her project targets early elementary students, aiming to broaden stem participation among underrepresented communities. by immersing students in vr environments that reflect their own cultures and communities, garvin's work fosters a deeper connection to science. piloted with pre-service teachers, this initiative is also designed to build their confidence and comfort with vr technology.emerging technologies trendsettersiu indianapolis chancellor’s staff milestone ceremony 2024 honoreestwo of our soe staff members have contributed their talent and expertise to the iu community throughout their distinguished careers.the iu school of education in indianapolis is proud of two of our staff members reaching service milestones for iu indianapolis.jackie whitney is celebrating 45 years, and ketha troutman is celebrating 20 years of service at iu indy.congratulations to you both! they will be honored at the 2024 chancellor’s staff milestone celebration on november 13th. iu staff milestone ceremonynew faculty directors appointed to lead iu online collaborative programsgina yoder, collaborates on new online programa new initiative to support collaboration among faculty across all indiana university campuses and strengthen the quality and delivery of online programs involved creating six new collaborative program clusters and selecting faculty directors to lead each of them.iu today news storyiu to recognize dr. payne for dedication to educational equity and social justicedr. payne recognized for her excellence.the indiana university school of education will honor dr. patricia payne, director of the office of racial equity and inclusion for indianapolis public schools, with the prestigious transformational alumni award this fall. this award highlights dr. payne’s lasting commitment to educational equity and social justice, recognizing her as a national leader and advocate who represents the values of excellence.my ips news storydr. brandon sherman was selected by the u.s. department of state to be an alumni ambassador for english language programsdr. brandon sherman will represent english language programs at conferences and events around the country over the following year.dr. sherman is one of only 10 english language programs alumni selected for the 2024-2025 alumni ambassador cohort.as an english language programs specialist in 2023, he worked with russian english language teachers to introduce instructional coaching and help them adapt it to their culture and context.dr. sherman stated that, “english language programs gave me the opportunity to amplify the impact of my research and practice as well as deepen my own understanding through cross-cultural dialogue.”congratulations dr. sherman!read the press release heregirls stem institute has been named a recipient of the 2024 inspiring programs in stem awardeach recipient receives an award certificate, and is also profiled in the september 2024 stem disciplines issue of insight into diversity magazine. the insight into diversity inspiring programs in stem award is a measure of an institution’s individual colleges’ programs and initiatives that encourage and support the recruitment and retention of women and underrepresented students into all stem fields. these include, but are not limited to, science and research fields, technology, engineering, and all math fields.this year, girls stem institute, has been named as a recipient of this years award! congratulations to everyone at gsi and dr. crystal morton!inspiring programs in stem awarddr. lasana kazembe - emmy award winnerthe natas central great lakes emmy nominated dr. kazembe for his role in the video, "salute to the negro leagues" for the indianapolis indians.we're so proud of dr. lasana kazembe who has been nominated for a natas central great lakes emmy award! his poem, “time we knew” was featured in a video for the indianapolis indians' negro leagues heritage week, beautifully illustrating the history of the negro baseball league and its cultural significance. the award was handed out in june 2024, in which dr. kazembe won the award in the category, "diversity/equity/inclusion". congratulations!school of education professor awarded emmy for negro leagues project



school of education resources and social media channels 

student portal
extranet




twitter
facebook
instagram
linkedin











accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university









