







hot tix – theatre tickets | chicago, il














































 





 discounted tickets on hot tix! 





discounted shows
location
about us
email signup my account 




 





 
jeff recommendedselling fast 


 
ctw continuedjeff recommended 


 
ctw continued 


 
ctw continued 


 
ctw continued 


 
celebrate black history monthctw continued 


 
ctw continuedmore tickets added 


 
ctw continued 



previous
1 of 8
next














hot sellers

explore all shows






 
beautiful: the carole king musical


ctw continuedjeff recommended 


 
the mannequins’ ball


selling fast 


 
fool for love


jeff recommendedselling fast 


 
the promotion


jeff recommendedselling fast 


discounted shows this weekend




recently added




$20 and under




downtown theatre




discounted musicals




suburban theatre at a discount








serving chicago’s theatres and audiences for over 40 years.
hot tix, a program of the non-profit league of chicago theatres, sells discounted tickets to a wide variety of theatre productions for the current week as well as future performances. our tickets are available online as well as at outlet locations in downtown chicago. check back often – our website is regularly updated with new shows and more tickets!
for in-person performances, please check with the theatre before the performance to confirm their current mask and vaccination policies.

 about hot tix






receive hot tix emails


stay updated on amazing chicago theatre productions! enter your email address here to receive regular hot tix email updates.


sign up here





 


visit us in the loop


hot tix theatre geniuses have a wealth of show and theatre information. visit our front desk conveniently located in block 37  in the loop.


learn more






first time in chicago?


let us help you plan your visit! once your theatre tickets are purchased, check out our resources page for more things to do in chicago, plus special offers.


plan your visit





 


questions?


we are here to help! check our list of faqs. if you don’t see what you are looking for, email the hot tix team at help@chicagoplays.com.


frequently asked questions






more from the league of chicago theatres


did you know that there are over 250 theatre companies in chicago? learn more about what’s on stage now and coming soon from the league of chicago theatres.


visit chicagoplays.com













						hot tix is a program of the league of chicago theatres. the
						league of chicago theatres is an alliance of theatres which
						leverages its collective strength to promote, support, and
						advocate for chicago’s theatre industry locally, nationally,
						and internationally.
					







sign up for hot tix emails 

						site designed and developed by blenderbox








 

