










clinical care services | jackson county memorial hospital






















































about

board of trustees
jcmh foundation
hospital map
links & documents

notice of privacy practice
aviso de practicas de privacidad
authorization to release


dnv healthcare accreditation
medicare and other advantage plans


services

clinical care

jcmh medical clinic
jcmh orthopedic clinic
jcmh pediatric clinic
family care clinic of mangum
jcmh general surgery associates
jcmh urology clinic


women’s services

women’s center
women’s imaging
women’s health associates


cancer centers of southwest oklahoma
counseling center
diabetes center of excellence
home care
imaging services
home health products

medical equipment
pedorthics – foot care
sleep apnea
uniforms
mastectomy women’s products


hospice
hospitalist services
rehabilitation services
sleep lab
tamarack assisted living center
harmon memorial hospital


physicians directory
patients & visitors

patient info guide
patient portal

register for portal here
patient portal faq
proxy access


billing information

mdsave – cash based pricing
pay your bill online
about your bill
price transparency
outstanding balance


pfac application
medical records
patient satisfaction
food and nutrition services
chaplain services
visitor services
daisy award for nursing
auxiliary volunteers
bru coffee shop
organ donation
no patient left alone act
outpatient cost and coverage for monoclonal
no surprises act information


careers

nursing recruitment
benefits of employment
jcmh employee email


contact
 





















kaylan garner, family nurse practitioner

jcmh welcomes kaylan garner, advance practice registered nurse, to the jcmh medical clinic.
appointments can be made with kaylan by calling 580-379-6740. the jcmh medical clinic is located at 205 south park lane in altus.

garner family nurse practitioner










75 years!

jcmh is celebrating 75 years!
jcmh is a 49-bed hospital that has been serving southwest oklahoma and north texas since 1949. with over 800 employees, we are the second largest employer in jackson county, following altus air force base. jcmh continues to grow our campuses with new services to enhance the health and lifestyle of our residents. a non-profit organization, jcmh is a trust authority that is governed by a nine-member board of trustees.











jcmh foundation

help us provide more medical opportunities for our area!
the jcmh foundation is a non-profit entity that generates funds through  community donations to enhance patient care, offer educational opportunities, purchase equipment & complete projects.

jcmh foundation










get access to your records and results on the patient portal

in the portal, patients gain instant access to their health information including lab and radiology results, medications, visit history,  discharge/aftercare information, and more.
you can also track appointments online and a central appointment page displays scheduled and pending appointments. jcmh hospital and clinics encourage all of their patients to enroll as it presents a valuable opportunity for patients and their families to actively participate in their care which contributes to better health. https://www.jcmh.com/patients-visitors/patient-portal/
















kaylan garner, family nurse practitioner

jcmh welcomes kaylan garner, advance practice registered nurse, to the jcmh medical clinic.
appointments can be made with kaylan by calling 580-379-6740. the jcmh medical clinic is located at 205 south park lane in altus.

welcoming garner family nurse practitioner












help us provide more medical opportunities for our area!
the jcmh foundation is a non-profit entity that generates funds through  community donations to enhance patient care, offer educational opportunities, purchase equipment & complete projects.












75 years!

jcmh is celebrating 75 years!
jcmh is a 49-bed hospital that has been serving southwest oklahoma and north texas since 1949. with over 800 employees, we are the second largest employer in jackson county, following altus air force base. jcmh continues to grow our campuses with new services to enhance the health and lifestyle of our residents. a non-profit organization, jcmh is a trust authority that is governed by a nine-member board of trustees.















careers



start your career with us!
take a look at current opportunities at jackson county memorial hospital.

learn more







pay bill



pay online
you will need a copy of your statement in order to proceed with setting up an account or paying online.

get started







patient portal



enroll in the patient portal
take an active role in your care through our interactive web portal.

learn more












cancer centers of southwest oklahoma

learn more




home health products

learn more




tamarack assisted living center

learn more














cms-hptdownload





























price transparency








1200 east pecan, altus, ok 73521



                                            580.379.5000                                        



                                            info@jcmh.com                                        





price transparency






                            ©2025 jackson county memorial hospital. website design, support and hosting by back40 design.
                            privacy policy






map & directions
















