  biologics consulting | achieve fda success        
skip to content

biologics consulting

aboutexpertiseproductsbiologicspharmaceuticalsdevicesbiosimilarsservicespharma and biologics consulting servicesdevice consulting servicessupport servicesbusiness unitsteamcorporate leadershipbusiness unit leadershipcmc developmentmedical devicesnonclinical/clinical developmentregulatory operations: epublishing/submissionsregulatory affairsprofessional staffnews & podcastseventscareerscontact

menu

faqs


linkedin

search


search


fda regulatory & product development consulting                 biologics, pharmaceuticals, medical devices & more.

proven success togive you an edge
professionally serviced
4,700+
projects
products marketed in
58+
countries
growing team of 
65+
regulatory and former fda experts
biosciences products & innovation our expertiseby partnering with us, you gain a strategic advantage in a rapidly evolving biotech landscape. we stay at the forefront of global regulatory updates, industry trends, and technological advancements, ensuring that you benefit from the latest insights and best practices. our commitment to excellence, unwavering client focus, and dedication to advancing patient care make us your trusted partner in transforming the life sciences industry.

discover more          


 biologics



 pharmaceuticals



 devices



 biosimilars
our differencethe biologics consulting difference is the world-class combination of scientists and regulatory experts we have under one roof.

world-renowned scientists and physicians
world-renowned scientists and physicians

full scope of fda regulatory support needs
full scope of fda regulatory support needs

turning raw data into stories that resonate
turning raw data into stories that resonate

building global partnerships for regulatory success
building global partnerships for regulatory successour servicesour proven success will give you an edge while navigating the complex and nuanced regulatory pathway.


 pharma & biotech consultingformer fda expertise for your drug development



 device consultinga specialized device team awaits your next innovation.



 support serviceshelping you meet your functional and operational needs.



 business units1 team. 8 business units. every step of the way.
  






more than consultants – regulatory expertsour teamour consultants are here to help you navigate the fda regulatory process and provide you with the best strategy for success.

meet our team        

join our team        

careersbiologics and you

get started      


 
our perks        


 
jobs available        
resourcesnews and insights


november 15, 2024             • 
webinar
combination products part 2: considerations for delivery device companieswatch our second combination products’ webinar, “considerations for delivery device companies” presented by anchal choudhuri and christina vessely.
read more


july 22, 2024             • 
webinar
combination products: integration of drugs and delivery deviceswatch our first combination products’ webinar, “integration of drugs and delivery devices” presented by anchal choudhuri and christina vessely.
read morecontact us  title(required)first name(required)last name(required)organization(required)title(required)email address(required)phone number(required)city(required)state(required)country(required)message(required)how did you hear about us?(required)search enginebusiness development connectionlinkedin/social mediaprevious engagementreferraldigital ad/journalconference/eventbiologics consultantselect onewould you like to receive periodic informational and educational content on the latest research, developments and regulations from biologics consulting?*(required)

yes

nocaptcha submit 










  

biologics consulting

stay in touchemail(required)
would you like to receive periodic informational and educational content on the latest research, developments and regulations from biologics consulting?(required)

yes

nocaptcha sign up 










  corporate headquarters
100 daingerfield rd.                                    , suite 400                                  
alexandria, va 22314
phone:

703.739.5695                

fax:

703.548.7457                


linkedin
privacyterms & conditionssitemap© 2025 biologics consulting group, inc. all rights reserved.
search


search

aboutexpertiseproductsbiologicspharmaceuticalsdevicesbiosimilarsservicespharma and biologics consulting servicesdevice consulting servicessupport servicesbusiness unitsteamcorporate leadershipbusiness unit leadershipcmc developmentmedical devicesnonclinical/clinical developmentregulatory operations: epublishing/submissionsregulatory affairsprofessional staffnews & podcastseventscareerscontactfaqs


linkedin
what our clients say“biologics consulting brings incredibly strong and relevant expertise for our niche in the world. they trained us effectively and made us feel capable and strong in engaging with the fda.”"biologics has smes who are able to handle my requests.”“our consultant’s feedback was tough, yet effective – and the fda does not question documents she has helped us prepare for submission.”what our clients say“…communication was easy…they responded quickly to the queries we had during the preparation of the ind. their advice was accurate and helpful.”“…they are a great, complementary team and enabler for our regulatory success. we have a high level of trust in their capabilities - and a great working relationship with them. we consider them an essential part of our regulatory team.”                    


