








home - | office of student financial aid services





















































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content
skip to chat








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z
















division of student life and enrollmentoffice of student financial aid services 


search this sitesearch in https://financialaid.uconn.edu/>search 












 toggle navigation    
office of student financial aid services


homeuconn cost

cost of attendance (coa) what impacts my coa? net price calculator uconn college financing plan

apply for aid

future huskies continuing huskies undocumented students graduate students husky parents fafsa frequently asked questions types of aid

loans for undergraduates loans for graduate students loans for parents private/alternative educational loans grants other types of aid

 financing options

receive aid

eligibility steps to aid maintaining aid

satisfactory academic progress (sap) academic engagement fixed enrollment date annual fafsa renewal

 special programs

summer & winter programs master of dental science program undocumented students – all students welcome at uconn military/veterans cein/bs program certificate programs experiential global learning consortium agreements

 appeals withdrawals

resources

financial literacy – your money matters publications financial aid resources scholarships fellowships student consumer information helpful uconn links

uconn homepage one stop student services undergraduate admissions graduate admissions school of law admissions and financial aid school of medicine/dental medicine and financial aid office of orientation services office of the bursar office of the registrar student employment uconn center for students with disabilities veterans affairs and military programs past heerf awards

past arp emergency funding for students past federal crrsaa emergency funding information past federal cares act emergency funding for students





formscontact us

contact information meet our team




search this sitesearch in https://financialaid.uconn.edu/>search 

















invest in what matters mostat the university of connecticut we hunger for smarter solutions, for bigger ideas, and for greater understanding. we understand enrolling in college is a considerable financial commitment. that’s why our office of student financial aid services is dedicated to helping our students and their families afford this opportunity. 
at uconn we partner with you to help navigate the financial aid process to ensure you are well informed of the costs associated with obtaining a degree at all of our campuses. all students are automatically considered for merit scholarships when they apply for admission. to be considered for other forms of aid, you must fill out the free application for federal student aid (fafsa).
future huskies
continuing huskies
husky parents
graduate students
submit documents
apply for financial aid and  admissionsan investment in higher education is an investment in what matters - you and your future. choosing uconn is a smart step toward success: we pride ourselves on being not only among the premier public research universities, but also a best value among public colleges.


apply for fafsa


apply for admissions


we are here to helpour office is centrally located in the wilbur cross building of the storrs main campus and the one stop student services staff is accessible to you to answer any questions. we encourage students and their families to use the tools and resources on this website to learn more about the financial aid process at uconn.
understand your aid offerfinancial aid is available to help with all the costs of your education, above and beyond tuition. students and their families can view and manage current and previous financial aid offers on the student administration system. the student administration system provides users with a portal to their financial aid status, and enables users to review their financial aid details, and accept or decline their financial aid offers.
understand your aid offer
what’s new?


fall 2024 financial aid sap review

december 13, 2024



at the end of each term, the office of student financial aid services (osfas) is required to evaluate students who are currently on a financial aid eligibility plan for compliance with the university sap policy. the financial aid eligibility plan status applies to students whose sap appeal was approved in 2024. the fall term review […]
[read more]





the 2025-2026 financial aid applications are now available!

november 22, 2024



you can now file your free application for federal student aid (fafsa) or institutional aid application (iaa) for undocumented students. meet uconn’s on-time deadline of february 15, 2025 fafsa federal school code (all campuses): 001417 for more information, visit https://financialaid.uconn.edu/continuing-huskies/
[read more]


financial aid toolboxforms portal – 2025 – 2026 academic year
forms portal – 2024 – 2025 academic year
estimated cost of attendance
net price calculator
financial aid worksheet
undocumented students
información en español
financial aid resources
68%
of uconn undergraduate students receive gift aid in the form of grants and scholarships from any source
more than $236m
in gift aid support for uconn students annually
$24,260
average indebtedness of uconn undergraduate graduating seniors
 


 








federal school code001417
mailing addressstudent financial aid services
division of student life and enrollment
233 glenbrook road unit 4116
storrs, ct 06269-4116
contact usphone: (860) 486-1111
email: onestop@uconn.edu
hours of operation
monday - friday
8:00am - 5:00pm
  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

student consumer information
plug-in requirements









     






















