

the original smith mountain lake striper fishing guide and charter 










































 



 



 



 



 







you 
          will be fishing out of a 32 foot jupiter center console with 550 horse 
          power.
          the captain is a local of smith mountain lake and has 20 years as a 
          captain.


















special items: fishing 
            reports | place to meet, stay and 
            eat | throwing a cast net | 
            sonar recordings | t 
            shirts! | what's in a charter? 


 






















smith mountain 
              lake stripers are some of the most sought after gamefish in virginia. 
              striper fishing at smith mountain lake is some of the best in the 
              country. definitely hire a striper fishing guide if you've never 
              fished for stripers before here at smith mountain. 



striper fishing in smith mountain 
            lake can be either relaxing or fast-paced, depending on your preference.



smith mountain 
              lake stripers are ferocious fighters and can be caught all year 
              long. 




smith mountain 
              lake stripers generally prefer a live shad over other baits/lures 
              and over the years we have "taxied" shad over the whole 
              lake in order to catch these beasts.




we've given shad 
              free rides for over 20 years and we could not think of better name 
              for our service... the shad taxi


























































gift 
        certificates available!
click here for more info
        call 540-797-2528 or email todd@theshadtaxi.com





















i 
                look forward to fishing with you!
captain 
                todd
540-797-2528






todd, the shad taxi was featured in 
              the december 2007 issue of game and fish
              magazine. 

















          check out the boat! click here







































          recent testimonials:
          i am writing to express my sincere appreciation for an extremely professional 
          guided striper fishing trip provided by the shad taxi and captain todd 
          keith. as a 16 year law enforcement officer and former virginia state 
          game warden i found that captain keith's boat was well equipped and 
          met all safety standards. captain keith provided myself and my wife 
          an excellent striper fishing experience on smith mountain lake which 
          resulted in the catch and release of two 20 pound stripers. we found 
          captain keith to be very knowledgable, pleasant, and conscious of his 
          client's needs. i would highly recommend his services and look forward 
          to utilizing him in the future.

          jeffrey w. pike
          president/ceo
          complete surveillance & investigative services, inc. 







































 fishing t-shirts 
                by the shad taxi! click to view the new graphics
original striper 
                fishing t shirts and cool shad taxi shirts!






captain todd was a contributing author to the april 
              issue of the national striped bass magazine. the article was the 
              cover story on "finding stripers in submerged timber."




































what's 
          in the shad taxi 's striper schedule for the upcoming months? 
january- follow 
          the birds! seagulls will move in and take us to the action. the 'gulls 
          follow the feeding stripers and can give you the location. stripers 
          can be caught on jigs/spoons throughout the day. we'll be freelining 
          big shad and alewives on planers boards when the birds are not diving.
february -stripers 
          start getting active and schools form over underwater humps and islands. 
          we like to troll for these and also cast to submerged humps for bigger 
          than average stripers. still chasing the birds! 
march- planer board 
          time! the action starts heating up by pulling bait on planers for action 
          throughout the day for big stripers getting ready for the spawn. march 
          is historically known for catching big stripers
april- planer board 
          action gets hotter. the warming water gets the stripers active and wanting 
          to feed for the soon to be spawn at the dam later in the month. busting 
          stripers in the morning and evening. in 2005 and 2006, our biggest catches 
          came in april.
may- cedar 
          key / dam spawn- the stripers used to spawn exclusively in cedar keys, 
          but now, the stripers have changed their spawning habits. now, they 
          go to the dam or craddock creek to spawn. this is a favorite time to 
          fish for stripers for alot of clients since the fish are so schooled, 
          that when they come through, all of the rods will get hit! this is the 
          time to catch a fat female striper. night fishing may be available for 
          catching the big boys. 
june- last 
          year, june was a great month for numbers and size. a variety of techniques 
          can be used in this time of the year with a mixture of live-baiting 
          and light tackle jigging.
july- when 
          the summer heat pushes the stripers deep, different techniques ranging 
          from deep downlines to jiggin' will be implemented. i discovered some 
          new techniques last year that really paid the bills and i'll show ya'.
august- the stripers 
          at smith mountain begin schooling deep. still using deep downlines and 
          jiggin' to catch stripers. we'll be jiggin' these bad boys up on light 
          tackle. its a blast!
september - cooling 
          water temperatures begin raising stripers thoughout the water column. 
          in the past years we saw huge surface feedings. alot of big fish start 
          feeding since they haven't been able to eat during the summer.
october- stripers 
          turn on their ferocious appetite and begin busting in the morning and 
          evening. during october we'll be chasin' bustin' stripers and pullin' 
          big baits on planers. possibly the most exciting time of the year to 
          fish smith mountain lake.
november- 
          stripers begin to blitz the shallows and more surface action occurs. 
          great time for casting to busting fish. the bigger stripers are feeding 
          more and are caught mostly on live bait. 
december- 
          stripers feeding in the shallows early and late in the day. late morning 
          we pull live bait on planers and downline on big stripers. we also start 
          jigging up good numbers on light tackle with spoons and jigs. 

 




what's in a charter when going 
          striper fishing with the shad taxi?

different fishing seasons:
mid-october through the end of october: this is the time of the year 
          to see the infamous striper bustings. when the water temperatures drop 
          to their liking, the stripers will school up the bait on the surface 
          and acres of stripers can be busting these shad at the same time. its 
          the most heart-pounding experience to see thousands of stripers splashing 
          the surface and they'll hit what we're casting everytime. these striper 
          frenzies usually occur in the evenings, but can happen in the morning 
          as well. if the stripers are not busting, we'll be pulling big bait 
          on planers and shallow downlines.
november is the month for early morning casting. early mornings and 
          late evenings the stripers will be feeding in extremely shallow water. 
          in the mornings we'll get out there before the sun rises and wait for 
          the stripers to come in and start feeding. if they're blitzing, we'll 
          be casting plugs to the shallows and it'll be a giant explosion when 
          the striper crushes you plug. after the stripers leave the shallows, 
          we'll be pulling bait strategically at the mouths of coves and creeks.
december through february: its cold, but its the best time of the year 
          for numbers. during this period, we won't have to get up early, and 
          we head out mid-morning through mid-afternoon. when the sun is at its 
          highest and brightest, its time to pull out the spoons. this time of 
          the year the stripers school up in massive schools and are mostly in 
          the trees. this is a good time to bring a bunch of friends and have 
          a jiggin' contest. jiggin' spoons takes a little skill to do it right 
          and to be able to set the hook quick enough. once you get the hang of 
          it, its awesome to talk 'junk' to your buds who haven't picked up on 
          the skill yet.
march through april: time to pull out the planer boards. this is a 
          very exciting time to fish for stripers because they will stalk your 
          bait behind the planers and then explode on them like only a striper 
          can. we'll be catching stripers in shallow water, so there's alot of 
          visuals of the bite and fight. while we're pulling planer boards, i 
          encourage my clients to cast to the banks as well. somedays artificials 
          will out-produce live bait. no joke. the fish are not schooled up this 
          time of the year, and its mostly individuals and pairs of stripers cruising 
          the banks.
may through june: the weather starts warming up and the fish make a 
          mad dash downlake. the fish school up and try to spawn. this is a great 
          time for those who want to relax and just watch the live bait rods. 
          very popular time to fish since the fish are so schooled up, that when 
          they come through, get ready because they'll hit all the rods at once.
july through september: this is my busiest time of the year. the stripers 
          school up in even bigger schools and migrate to their summer hideouts. 
          its alot of fun to jig these stripers up on light tackle, rather than 
          a heavy trolling rod with 50lb test.



















