





dicks wings and grill – wingin’ it since 1994
























































order online







									order online or call & get it to go!     dwg to go 







dicks wings and grill

wingin’ it since 1994


 gift card balance 
 





home
about
menu
company info

franchise info


join our team
news & videos
locations

argyle / blanding
arlington
atlantic blvd
callahan
fernandina
fleming island
mayport
mandarin
nocatee
san pablo
st. augustine (sr16)
st. augustine (us1)
starke
yellow bluff
hazlehurst, ga


contact
 












home 











from first bite to last call™





welcome to dick's wings & grill


we are a fun, family oriented restaurant with 16 area locations!





locations
15 locations in florida & georgia




variety
wings, burgers, salads, sandwiches & more. no matter what your taste buds crave, we’ve got you covered!








lunch menu starting at $8.99


[rev_slider alias=”menu”]





lunch starting at just $8.99
monday – friday, 11:00 am to 3:00 pm
dine-in only. prices vary by location.


view location menusfranchise opportunities









what dick's can offer.


dicks’ wings restaurants where we’ve been winging it since 1994™ and where both families and sports fans can go to enjoy a unique restaurant experience from “first bite to last call™.” dick’s wings offers a variety of boldly-flavored menu items highlighted by its famous buffalo, new york-style chicken wings and boneless chicken wings, for which it boasts 365 mouth-watering flavors. it also offers customers a variety of fresh sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, salads, and signature waffle fries. guests enjoy these menu items in an elevated sports-themed environment with flat-screen tvs throughout the restaurants and a children’s area filled with video games and other forms of children’s entertainment.






quality and variety


though our wing sauce is hard to beat, our outstanding food doesn’t stop there. from salads to 1/2 pound burgers, kid’s menus to veggie quesadillas, we try to provide something equally delicious for everyone. in addition to teas and sodas, we serve beer and wine, and several of out locations now serve liquor.






fun, courteous service


this is a staff priority. they sincerely believe their responsibility is to do whatever they can to make their guests’ dining stay enjoyable, ensuring their return.






why choose to be a franchise partner?


dick’s wings and grill values franchisees as business partners. we are dedicated to providing initial and ongoing support with all the key ingredients ensuring franchise success. this includes site location, restaurant design, grand opening preparations, management training, marketing and advertising.






what makes us stand out?


we thoroughly research each new market we enter and are willing to adapt to new surroundings. our goal is to create an eatery where our guests feel at home. though we are dynamic in our thinking, as a franchise we realize image, food quality and service must be consistent throughout all restaurants. through experience, we know when to be flexible and when to stick to the formula.


why we're so successful




good organization
proven management plans
teamwork between management & staff
empowered staff that has fun on the job
quality food and consistent service
inviting family atmosphere
continuous franchise support



how can i find out more?




for more information, answers to frequently asked questions and to request a dick’s wings franchise kit, please click below.



franchise information request



arc group management services
1-833-lovearc










more about us...how it all got started, where we're going and why we're different!



 






established in 1994 in jacksonville florida as a family-friendly neighborhood restaurant, dick’s wings & grill® was a hot sensation from the very beginning. our energetic, sport-themed atmosphere attracts families and friends out for an evening of fun and offers locals a great place to relax and enjoy the game.
from lighter fare and kids specialties to wings and beer, dick’s wings offers selections everyone will enjoy. our franchise family has won several local “best of” awards in north florida and south georgia for our unique wings and juicy burgers.
today, dick’s wings & grill® is a thriving franchise family with 15 locations throughout north florida and south georgia.
so, stop in and catch the game or bring the kids along for a family affair.






what dick’s wings can offer
dick’s wings & grill has become one of the fastest growing franchises in north florida along with america’s appetite for comfortable family dining. with the down-home sporty nascar theme, dick’s wings & grill is the personification of a place where people can sit back, relax and make themselves at home. we are the perfect pit stop where people can meet to talk about the day’s events over a cold drink and delicious food while enjoying a relaxing time. since our atmosphere is casual, larger groups can also celebrate birthdays, office parties, special occasions or just hang out.
quality and variety
though our wing sauce is hard to beat, our outstanding food doesn’t stop there. from salads to 1/2 pound burgers, kid’s menu to veggie quesadillas, we try to provide something equally delicious for everyone. in addition to teas and sodas, we offer beer and wine in all restaurants and a full bar in some.
fun, courteous service
this is a staff priority. they sincerely believe their responsibility is to do whatever they can to make their guests’ dining stay enjoyable, ensuring their return.










want to be a member of our team? download our application here, complete it and bring it with you to the location of your choice monday–thursday, 24pm. or, you can submit your employment request online:


join our team


for more information about dick’s wings and our investment opportunities visit:


become an investor





news








videos








﻿














choose a locationplace your order and get it to go, or select one of our locations below to view contact info, events and more! online ordering available only at starred locations.argyle arlington atlantic boulevard callahanfernandinafleming island mandarin mayportnocatee san pablostarkest augustine (sr16)st augustine (us1)yellow bluff hazlehurst 












	©2025 dick's wings & grill  |  franchise login    

back to top









































