 
cyberbuddy







 your servant in the cyber world. 


 

check the what's new! section for updates



download
what's new!
more characters
custom characters
more voices
more languages
story page
story builder
faq andtroubleshooting
online help - forum
cyber the bot
buddies directory 
invite a buddy
about ms agents
make a character
advanced functions
cyberbuddy games
cyberbuddy web cam
screen shots
about the author
cyberbuddy help file
links
cyberbuddy sites
awards-articles-reviews
contact







if you want to try the instant messaging with cyberbuddy, and i am online, try my cyberbuddy uin #1000 or uin#1500



do you find cyberbuddy useful?

like to see additional   features?

found any bugs or problems?

 please let me know - thanks.
if you have a question, have you read the faq ?



privacy statement





mirror sites

thecyberbuddy.com
cyberbuddy.org
mycyberbuddy.com
yeayou.com/cyberbuddy
















       it's helpful - it's fun - it's free!       
















the cyberbuddy can:

 keep reminders and get your attention when a reminder is due.
 instant message with speech and animation.
 send  voice messages.
 bring you the latest headlines, in several news categories.
 give you the local weather.
 tell you the time at designated intervals.
 check your email - up to 50 mailboxes
 get stock quotes - reports when changes under/over limits.
 check your favorite web pages for changes.
 deliver rss news feeds.
 keep track and report on your internet speed.
 read  text, web pages,  documents or the clipboard to you.
 give jokes & thoughts of the day from other cyberbuddies.
 filter spam from email. 
 remember to give you a compliment.
 let you have a little fun.
 speech recognition and caller id now available.

microsoft®   agents are animated characters that can move around the screen and talk to you..   cyberbuddy will help you install them if you do not already have them on your system.
there are hundreds of characters to choose from.


 

now get the premium version of cyberbuddy with speech recognition, caller idand much more!


now! create your own characters instantly from virtually any image!

 check out cyberbuddy agent magic!


if you have any problems, please look at the faq and troubleshooting section. i update this constantly with new questions that have been asked.



cyberbuddy download page
             






   microsoft agent web ring  by pagnes   [ join now | ring hub | random | << prev | next >> ]  ringwebring© 2001-2004 webring inc. - help - browse webring 









