






benezra & culver, p.c.
































































home
about the firm
attorneys

seth j. benezra – employment, civil rights & criminal law
john a. culver – employment & civil rights law
madeline a. collison – employment & civil rights law


areas of practice

employment law
civil rights law
criminal law
alternative dispute resolution


representative results
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 












 
 
 


      
 
 
 


the premier colorado employment law firm
serving clients in employment, civil rights, and criminal law matters
 
 
 
 



the attorneys at benezra & culver specialize in serving individuals and employees in all aspects of employment law including workplace discrimination, retaliation, and unpaid wages. for over twenty-five years, our mission has been to protect the civil rights of individuals both in and outside of the workplace. we are aggressive in fighting for our clients and have extensive experience in taking cases to trial.
 
while seth j. benezra and john a. culver are currently accepting new cases as arbitrator or mediator, neither are accepting new clients for representation at the current time.
 
 
 


areas of practice
we specialize in all aspects and areas of employment law and civil rights law, but we also handle trials and appeals, and criminal defense.
read more
 
 

how to get started today
getting started with one of our legal experts on your particular legal question or case is easy. there are just a few simple steps to set up your appointment.
read more
 
 

firm prevails in two arbitration hearings/trials
two of this firm’s clients recently prevailed in lengthy arbitrations. an arbitration is essentially a trial except that the case is tried to a private judge (the arbitrator) and not to a jury.
read more
 
 
 
 



firm prevails on precedent setting appeal
benezra and culver prevail in a precedent setting appeal.
read more
 
 



 

recent firm accolades
john a. culver, esq. was recently named one of the top 1% of attorneys nationally by the american registry.
benezra and culver named as constitutional law-law firm of the year in colorado.
john a. culver has been elected to be a fellow in the exclusive and prestigious college of labor and employment lawyers.
read more
 
 
 
  


 
 
 



© 2024 benezra & culver  |  1801 california street, suite 2400, denver, co 80202  

 
 
 
 










