

















digital marketing agency & hosting company in gloucester & cheltenham
















































web designwebsite supportweb developmentsoftware developmentmagento servicesseolocal seocontent writing servicesconversion rate optimisationpaid advertising (ppc)domain namesweb hostingwordpress hostingmanaged vpswindows hostingreseller hostingblogguidesfree seo & word counter reportabout softdatawhat we dologin to mysoftdatalogin to  softdata webmailraise a support ticketfaq & support databasefacebook advertisingremarketing ppcdisplay advertisingppc pricingconversion rate optimisatione-commercelocal seoppcseoweb designwebsite helpguide to google business mapsguide to seo gloucesterhow to do keyword researchguide to optimising google adshow to set up google search consolecase studies
websites
marketing
hosting
resources
company
get google maps audit
 









© 2020 softdata







case studieswebsitesweb designwebsite supportweb developmentsoftware developmentmagento servicesmarketingseolocal seocontent writing servicesconversion rate optimisationpaid advertising (ppc)facebook advertisingremarketing ppcdisplay advertisingppc pricinghostingdomain namesweb hostingwordpress hostingmanaged vpswindows hostingreseller hostingresourcesblogconversion rate optimisatione-commercelocal seoppcseoweb designwebsite helpguidesguide to google business mapsguide to seo gloucesterhow to do keyword researchguide to optimising google adshow to set up google search consolefree seo & word counter reportcompanyabout softdatawhat we dologin to mysoftdatalogin to  softdata webmailraise a support ticketfaq & support databaseget google maps audit 













digital marketing services to help your business thriveour digital marketing agency thrives on developing clever, integrated campaigns and seamless client journeys. we are passionate about producing the greatest work possible and pushing the boundaries of new technology.
get in touch to see how we can help you 



#clients
































delivering digital expertise to our clients since 1987
view our success stories 






300+ daily leads
in uk market


client:






services:
b2b web application / bespoke api / managed vps





view case study











full digital marketing
strategy for an ifa





client:






services:
seo / ppc / web support





view case study








24% increase
in all conversions


client:






services:
b2b digital marketing / e-commerce web design





view case study











green web hosting powered by 100% renewable energy: all our hosting is powered by 100% renewable energy, which means all your sites and apps are too. that’s great news for you and the environment. find out more about our green hosting >


"simply the best digital marketing agency we've ever worked with"established for over 30 years, our digital marketing agency based in gloucester & cheltenham has a great reputation not just for reliable web hosting plans, but also for creating beautiful websites and digital campaigns that grow businesses.


web hosting services:
domains
cloud hosting
wordpress hosting
managed vps hosting





digital marketing services:
web design
local seo
seo services
google ppc


website issues?


not with us…
our devoted web support team will make sure that your website is updated and that it runs smoothly 24/7. we are your go-to company for hosting and website support!
+ when customers switch to our web support services, they often save over £1,100 in potential savings!



learn more

11website issues?


not with us…
our devoted web support team will make sure that your website is updated and that it runs smoothly 24/7. we are your go-to company for hosting and website maintenance!



learn more

11fast web hosting servicesfrom being a web hosting provider since 1987, we have learnt a lot and have constantly refined our website hosting services. all shared hosting plans now include over 50+ options including powerful caching and cdn services, advanced network security, free website builder and smart staging and live website management — all backed by our 24/7 support, live chat and 99.9% uptime guarantee.


simply put, we are one of those website hosting providers you can rely on. we don’t use pushy sales tactics or spam like many web hosting companies!



discover hosting features 



#casestudy


act surveyors


400% increase in leads from web optimisation and seo/ppc.



read more

11strategic & creative digital marketing agency


take a fresh approach with softdata, a digital marketing agency in gloucester and cheltenham serving over 2,500+ customers in the uk.
– unbeatable web support: from £199 per month
our website management support team can be on hand to assist with any alterations you need on a daily basis.
– #1 selling managed seo plan: softdata rank & rank pro
get our advanced seo strategy, a dedicated campaign manger, and killer results.
– powerful google adwords management: softdata ppc
our goal is to help businesses small and large make a great roi using google adwords.
free seo consultation
questions? get in contact with us here!



hosting reseller? click here 

learn more 

hosting reseller? click here 

learn more 
see what our 2,500+ happy customers think about our web hosting service:?


“rarely do i have problems but the few times it has happened over the last 5 years, i get a quick response from their customer service and the issue is sorted. many thanks.”




margaret macon, gloucester




over 70+ reviews 








digital marketing agency faq’swhat is an digital marketing agency?


an digital marketing agency is a company that provides digital marketing services. these services include search engine marketing (sem), social media marketing, content marketing, and advertising. they also provide analytics and feedback to help companies improve the effectiveness of their digital marketing campaigns. digital marketing agencies can also provide a range of other services, such as website development and design, email marketing, content creation and copywriting, video creation and editing, and campaign management.


what are the types of digital marketing?


there are 6 different types of digital marketing.
1). search engine marketing: this is the practice of advertising your business online using search engine ads and organic search engine result on google, bing, yahoo etc.
2). social media marketing: this is the practice of promoting your business on social media networks such as facebook, instagram, twitter.
3). email marketing: this is the practice of sending promotional emails to subscribers to encourage them to take action (such as signing up for your mailing list or purchasing your product).
4). video marketing: this is the process of creating and uploading video content for purposes of advertising and video sharing site youtube.
5). creative content marketing: this is a strategy that focuses on creating unique, shareable content in order to attract readers to your website or blog.
6). affiliate marketing: this is an online marketing technique in which an individual or company promotes products or services by earning a commission on sales that they generate.


can i host my business website with you?


yes! we can host all major platforms and majority of all known code sets including ruby on rails, php 8 and asp.net.


what does website hosting cost?


our hosting services start from £2.92 per month. perfect for a personal blog or a small business website. we also offer vps servers – charged from £27.49 per month. vps servers are great if you have a lot of web traffic or would like your own dedicated server – great for security and extra speed!


which hosting option should i choose?


this depends on many factors including:

website traffic
web resources required
heavy media based sites
security requirements (iso & company policies etc)

our cloud hosting services suit majority of our customers. if they outgrow or would like extra speed, our customers can easily upgrade within a few clicks!


can you transfer website hosting?


you can transfer majority of websites to other hosting providers. the only issue we have experienced is when the website is built within an internal website builder. some hosting companies and digital agencies lock customers in this way.



 


 








text 

text ready to get started?

contact sales 

contact softdata internet limited
1st floor
80 westgate street
gloucester
gl1 2nz
01452 502 508
*protected*

mysoftdatacontact
login to mysoftdata
forgot password?
raise a support ticket
faq & support database
access webmail
book a 15 minute strategy call


recent blog posts


12 best online tools for spying on your competitors


how to add free shipping to google shopping: a comprehensive guide


facebook ads manager: what is it and how to use it?


hosting solutionsdomains
green website hosting
web hosting
wordpress hosting
managed vps
reseller hosting
websiteswebsites
web design
magento ecommerce services
website support
web applicationssoftware development
web development
api integrations
digital marketingseo
local seo
ppc
remarketing
content writing services
locations
marketing agencies near me
companydigital marketing agency
facebook
google
twitter
linkedin
text 

text copyright © 2023 softdata internet. all rights reserved. company no. 04208954 – vat no. 821-3072-70. terms and conditions
our website uses cookies
they help us understand how customers use our website so we can give you the best user experience possible and also keeping our digital adverts relevant. by continuing to browse this website, you give consent for cookies to be used. read more about our cookies here

 









































