




home - cobble hill cobble hill














































cobble hill

919.556.1177 1100 chalk rd, wake forest
north carolina 27587



c.j.—love this place!! we use them for grooming and boarding and can’t imagine going elsewhere. facility is clean and the staff is awesome! ...
s.s.— our first dog always stayed at cobble hill. they were so kind and caring; we never worried about her when she was there. the cost is very ...
jr.— my family and i recently moved here from upstate ny. we just returned from a vacation in florida and chose cobble hill to watch our fur babies ...
c. s. — our mini aussies love to stay at cobble hill. they are great with our sensitive little girl. our boy shines and entertains, he loves going there.
r.p.—my wife and i never like to leave our 5 yr old german rottie bowser, but when we do, we feel comfortable knowing that he is in the caring and ...
e.w.—the best home away from home! i never worry when my pup is here. the girls are great and the place is always clean!
e. a. —so great. they really take such great care of my great dane girl. she honestly comes home so happy when she is there. i highly recommend.  
great place for dogs. we left our dogs there for daycare and we could not have been happier. place was spotlessly clean, luxury suites were ...
k.c. — outstanding dog and kitty camp – our two german shepherds and two cats have stayed at cobble hill numerous times. they always come home ...
p.t. – caring and compassionate – we have boarded our dog maddie(14 yrs old)at cobble hill for the last year and a half and she absolutely ...
j.w. – world class facility with amazing service – i have a great dane that looks forward going to bed and biscuit. they have rooms to fit ...
the best pet boarding in the area. – having used the services of cobble hill bed & biscuit for over 10 years i can unequivocally rate them the ...
wholeheartedly trust in the care received – my golden retrievers have been left in the care of the cobble hill staff numerous times. they are ...
your pet will love it here – my dog loves to go to go here and he is “choosey”. he loves water but hates a bath. the staff at cobble ...
dogs love this pet resort! – my two goldens are truly “high maintenance”! i never worry when they are at cobble hill. the staff always ...
s.s. – great kennel – we have used cobble hill for several years and our dogs love it! they get excited because they know where they are ...
home away from home for my dog – how fortunate i was to find the cobble hill bed and biscuit when i moved to the area 3 years ago. as a former ...
best kennel around – this is one of the best kennels i have ever used. i have been taking my goldens to cobble hill for over 15 years and have ...








 

meet our team




 





home
check-in
boarding
daycare
grooming
faq’s
testimonials
contact us
 










 
 
 
we know how important it is to find a safe, comfortable, clean, low-stress place to leave your pet when you are away. we offer your pet a vacation and never a crate. no matter which accommodation you choose, your pet will be cared for in the best way possible!
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
cobble hill bed biscuit is the cleanest and friendliest place to board your pet while you are away. we disinfect the entire facility daily and we have a generator in the event of power loss.  you and your pet will always be greeted by a smiling face and a caring heart. we accommodate almost all special needs so just give us a call with any questions!
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
we offer several activities for your pet while vacationing at cobble hill bed & biscuit. please visit the boarding tab for more information about all that we have to offer!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 






contact usrate change starting 5/1/24

traditional runs:
      -$40 for 1 dog
      -$74 for 2 dogs
      -$111 for 3 dogs     
 
small animals- $18


 
 

phone: 919-556-1177
 
fax: 919-562-2426
 
1100 chalk rd, wake forest
north carolina 27587

 
monday-friday:
8am – 12pm 
& 
*1pm – 5:30pm
 
⇒ closed 12-1pm for lunch ⇐
 
saturday: 8am – 12pm
*sunday:     4pm – 6pm
 
 
*because our daily rate changes at noon, all pets picked up after 1pm are charged for the day. this means that all pets picked up on sundays are charged for the day, however you can also pick up the next day before noon for the same price!
 
to view our holiday hours for the current year, please visit our contact us page!
 





home
check-in
boarding
daycare
grooming
faq’s
testimonials
contact us


©[2020] cobble hill bed & biscuit all rights reserved. designed by galanova







