

e-jasl








e-jasl: the electronic journal of academic and special librarianship
“for a decade . . .  committed to the principles of open access for academic research on the web”
published and distributed by the international consortium for the advancement of academic publication (icaap)  


issn 1704-8532e-jasl
is an independent, professional, refereed electronic journal dedicated first
and foremost to advancing knowledge and research in the areas of academic and
special librarianship. we are committed to covering all aspects of academic and special librarianship without regard to region or country. we are also committed to the principles of open access for academic research.


editorial staff 
 manuscript guidelines
 


 published and distributed by the international consortium for
the advancement of academic
publication (icaap), athabasca, canada
permanently archived in the national library of canada's
 electronic publications collection
listed in the
directory of open access journals
indexed in lisa (library and information science abstracts) beginning with v.5
indexed in library literature and information science beginning with v.1



 be sure to read this other icaap-hosted journal:
international review of research in open and distance learning

also, be sure to read about e-jasl in information research: an international electronic journal
in their series "case studies in open access publishing
(case study #4)."









v.10 no.3 (winter 2009)

increasing retention rates in minority librarians through mentoring
antonia olivas and richard ma
preparing global citizens: librarians connect students  with a learning service opportunity in nicaragua
lily g. griner and patricia j. herron
the indexing of scholarly open access business journals
katharine ball
you can take it with you? student library employees, eportfolios, and “edentity” construction
gabriella reznowski and brian mcmanus
women librarians in nigerian universities: their status, occupational characteristics, and development
chinwe m.t. nwezeh
the role of the library and information science professionals as managers: a comparative analysis
parvez ahmad and mohd yaseen
jumping onto the bandwagon: new  librarians navigating the science/technology librarianship
nedelina tchangalova

v.10 no.2 (summer 2009)

if you build it they may not come: the case of questionpoint
lynette ralph
ageism in academic librarianship
melanie chu
permanent electronic access to government information: a study of federal, state, and local documents
claudene sproles and angel clemons
overhauling of a science library web area
daniel s. dotson
using a permanent usability team to advance user-centered design in libraries
jane nichols, alison m. bobal and susan mcevoy
e-state practices in turkey: evaluation of governmental web sites
feryal turan and özlem bayram
embedding an im widget in research databases: helping users at their point-of-need
kwabena sekyere
open house in the ivory tower: public programming at an academic library
rochelle smith, ben hunter and gail z. eckwright

v.10 no.1 (spring 2009)

learning 2.0: a  tool for staff training at the university of alaska fairbanks rasmuson library
ilana kingsley and karen jensen
vodcasting, itunes u, and faculty collaboration
jason paul michel, susan hurst and andrew revelle
an empirical study on follow-up library instruction sessions in the  classroom
xiaomei gong and mary kay loomis
speaking of books… connecting with faculty through a campus author series
timothy  hackman
gresham’s law in the 21st century
joshua finnell
the delivery of library materials to end users: taiwanese libraries address  special information needs
chao-chen chen and i-hsiu wu
use and impact of e-resources at guru gobind singh indraprastha university (india): a case study
chetan sharma
 

previous issues
volume 1
volume 2
volume 3
volume 4
volume 5
volume 6
volume 7
volume 8
volume 9









