
























best ivf center in delhi | expert fertility treatments india | delhi ivf





















































hi, how can we help you? 






 




 23 todar mal lane, bengali market, delhi
+91-844 844 1094
+91-981 060 0235
newquery@delhi-ivf.com






 








delhi ivf & fertility research centre - oldest ivf centre in indiaoldest ivf centre in india 




get a call back


toggle menu

home
about

history
our ivf clinic
why delhi ivf

ivf success rate
personal care
ivf counseling
quality control


our team

dr. anoop gupta
dr. alka gupta
dr. aastha gupta
dr. mannan gupta


vision mission
ivf cost in india
ivf laboratory in delhi
ivf training delhi


treatments

fertility-infertility counseling
female infertility

iui treatment
ivf treatment
multiple failed ivf
repeated implantation failure
poor ovarian response
pcos treatment
premature ovarian failure
laser assisted hatching
personalized embryo transfer
ivf egg donation
embryo donation
endometriosis treatment
laparoscopic myomectomy treatment
diminished ovarian reserve
blocked fallopian tubes
treatment of low egg reserve
genital tuberculosis treatment
test tube baby

why choose delhi ivf




male infertility

ivf icsi treatment
mesa/tesa
testicular biopsy
oligospermia treatment
picsi
imsi
microscopic testicular sperm extraction
dna fragmentation
varicocele treatment
andrologist


pgs/pgd
unexplained infertility
process for altruistic surrogacy mother in india
advanced procedure

cryopreservation

sperm freezing
egg freezing
embryo freezing
embryo vitrification
social egg freezing
endoscopy

hysteroscopy
laparoscopy


oncofertility


blastocyst
diet and nutrition
acupuncture in pregnancy
yoga in pregnancy


fertility enhancing

prp treatment for ovarian insufficiency
prp therapy for rejuvenation of ovary
prp therapy for thin endometrium in delhi
prp therapy for uterine lining rejuvenation


lymphocyte immunization therapy
fast track infertility plan
single parenting
same sex parenting
understanding infertility
when should you see an infertility expert


international patients

plan your visit
experts services and facilities
travel and accommodation
patients from asia

patients from pakistan
patients from afghanistan
patients from bangladesh
patients from bhutan
patients from kashmir
patients from philippines


patients from africa

patients from eritrean
patients from ethiopian
patients from guinean
patients from mauritius


patients from uk
patients from usa
patients from europe
patients from canada
patients from uae


patient guide

faq
blog
ivf complete information-pricing and success rate
patient referral program


ivf babies

gallery

ivf video
baby gallery
international blessed patients
ivf shorts
delhi ivf media coverage

awards
news & press
tv news clips
events




testimonials


branches

ivf center in lajpat nagar (elantis healthcare)
ivf center in rohini
ivf center in raj nagar, ghaziabad
ivf center in srinagar jammu


 













 





 

 






home 


 






about delhi ivf clinic of india
delhi ivf and fertility
research centre
  







we, delhi ivf & fertility research centre, are delivering our admirable services over the globe, being situated in the heart of the capital of india-new delhi. we are dedicated to offering the highest success in ivf treatments at a cheap cost for ivf in delhi, india. we came into presence in 1993 and centered on giving good, passionate, moral and most advanced & specialized treatment to couples suffering from and finding answers as well to the problem of infertility..









 

 










 


patients from kashmir








 


 


patients from india








 


 


patients from mauritius








 


 


patients from uae








 


 


patients from philippines








 


challenges are just opportunities in disguise. view all country! 





 

 









21,000+
ivf babies















50-81%
success rate















66+
countries















12,000+
successful fertility surgeries





 

 

 
proud moments
  





 


 

 

 
goverment certified surrogacy center
  








 










 






 


 


ivf & fertility treatments in india
  









female infertility


delhi-ivf is an ideal female infertility treatment clinic in delhi, india which may bring the joy in the lives of infertile patients














male infertility


in humans, 40-50% of infertility is due to some problem with the male. it affects about 7% of all men and it is due some deficiency














ivf-icsi


icsi/ivf is advancement over ivf to improve the chances of having a pregnancy by making sure the egg is fertilized by














mesa/tesa


some of the causes of male infertility are non availability of normal viable sperms in the ejaculate for ivf treatment.
















multiple failed ivf


repeated ivf failure/recurrent implantation failure refers to the failure of clinical pregnancy. here is the treatment of ivf failure.














unexplained infertility


unexplained infertility refers to a condition where the reason of infertility in the male/female or both partners is not known.














cryopreservation


cryopreservation is the advanced process of storing tissues, cells or organs at very minimum and low temperature to preserve














donor


some women can’t use their own eggs because of non-availability of good eggs or low ovarian reserve, or premature ovarian failure
















endoscopy


an endoscopy is referred to a nonsurgical procedure of looking inside the body. an endoscope is an instrument containing a flexible tube with lenses














altruistic surrogacy


surrogacy in india is a procedure in which a woman carries the baby of another couple/single parent up to the full term. it is done with the legal agreement between the two parties.














ivf with donor services


ivf centers in india – ivf treatment or in vitro fertilization is fertilization in a “test tube” and the process is carried outside the women’s body in














prp / ovarian rejuvenation


platelet-rich plasma is a concentrate of platelet-rich plasma protein acquired from whole blood. it is prepared by a method







more treatments 


 

 


delhi ivf frequently asked questions

 





ivf faq
what is ivf and how is it done?


ivf is a fertility treatment where eggs and sperm are combined in a lab to create embryos. this process takes several days after fertilization when the fertilized eggs  are placed inside a uterus which is then transferred into the uterus.

the success rate of the ivf treatment at delhi ivf is 50% to 80% which is at par with the best in the world. the success rate varies with the age of the female, as with age the quality and number of eggs go down. but because of the best trained and experienced personnel, and state of the art laboratory we persistently maintain very high success rates.


what is the best success rate of ivf in india?


the success rate of ivf is considered on many factors in india. it could be based on ivf procedure, a ivf specialist’s experience knowledge , previous success results, couple history, the egg, sperm, embryo’s qualities, the quality control at the embryology lab and many more. that’s why there is no exact figure of success rate of ivf.

the average rate of the best ivf in india is 45% and the success rates can be as high as 80% per cycle( depending on the case) with the assistance of experienced doctors, quality ivf specialists, and trained staff at the best ivf centre in delhi.


is india good for ivf treatment?


as such, ivf treatment is considered to be the best treatment for dealing with infertility. when we talk about good ivf treatment then yes india has extremely reputed and experienced ivf centres and skilled specialists, making it a good option for ivf treatment, which make india one of the highest ivf success rate producers, with a lower ivf cost than any other country.
delhi ivf fertility & research centre is the pioneer of modern fertility treatments since 1993 having served more than 25000 international patients from 65 countries over the last 3 decades. with latest technology and recent advancements, the ivf experts at the center ensure the people seeking healthcare are provided with the best.


who is the no 1 best ivf doctor in india?


the “no. 1” best ivf doctor in india may vary. but dr. anoop gupta (an ivf expert for reproductive medicine & technology) has been honored for the best ivf specialists in india. he founded delhi ivf & fertility research center of delhi in the year 1993 and had the first test tube baby in delhi successfully way back in 1993 itself.

in fact he has successfully treated thousands and thousands of families suffering from infertility and trained many doctors over the last 3 decades. the difc has also been ranked as the no 1 ivf clinic in india by fertility research news and in the top 10 best ivf clinics in terms of success rates. delhi ivf is renowned for housing a team of top-tier ivf specialists across its advanced centers throughout india.

the dedicated group of difc’s experts including dr. aastha gupta, dr. alka gupta, dr. manan gupta , dr vinnie sandhu and others in collaboration with our highly skilled embryologists, form an exceptional healthcare team. they are steadfast in their mission to continually enhance infertility services and technology at difc ivf, all with the ultimate goal of helping couples achieve their dreams of conceiving.


how much is the cost of ivf in india?


the cost of ivf in india usually ranges from rs. 1.5 lakh to 2.5 lakh for one ivf cycle on average. but it is seen that the ivf treatment cost packages vary due to many factors that include your medical condition, injections and medications, ivf treatment type, and the quality of care and embryology lab standards of the facility.

at delhi ivf & fertility research center, we have provided a comprehensive breakdown of our ivf cost packages below, including details of exclusions. for international patients the ivf treatment package can vary as per the dollar value.
 for more details to know the ivf cost & package you can visit at https://delhi-ivf.com/ivf-charges-and-fee-structure/


 





international faq
which country is most successful in ivf?


success rates vary globally, but countries like denmark and sweden india have high success rates. but yes, european countries are expensive. however , india is also emerging to provide the best & successful ivf treatment with the highest ivf success rates and the most affordable price.
in india, many clinics documenting success rates exceeding 45-80% and delhi ivf fertility & research center is one of the oldest ivf clinic for assisted reproduction, offers world-class ivf treatment in india following all the advanced procedures, techniques, and equipment, which have been making a significant mark to its high success rate.


is ivf successful for the first time?


the success of in vitro fertilization (ivf) can vary from person to person. while ivf can result in a successful pregnancy on the first attempt, it’s important to note that success rates depend on several factors, including the individual’s age, the underlying cause of infertility, the quality of eggs and sperm, the expertise of the medical team, and the specific treatment protocol used. however, for some people, it may take multiple ivf cycles before achieving a successful pregnancy.

it’s essential to consult with a fertility specialist who can assess your specific situation and provide a personalized recommendation based on your medical history and circumstances. at delhi ivf & fertility research center, the ivf specialists can offer insights into your chances of success and help you make informed decisions regarding ivf or alternative fertility treatments.


can i travel during my ivf treatment?


travel during ivf treatment is possible but should be discussed with your doctor. sometimes if you are planning a trip while undergoing ivf treatment, you must consult your infertility counseling specialist.

in certain portions of ivf treatment, you are advised to to remain in town as you’ll have to go through in-office monitoring frequently . plus, your egg retrieval procedure must be precisely timed to facilitate success. but if there is an event that you need to travel during your ivf treatment due to a family emergency or other significant reasons, it’s crucial to ensure that your travel plans are well-coordinated with your fertility clinic.


is ivf better in india or other countries?


in india ivf started in the year 1993 and currently india has emerged as a best country to get ivf treatment done. with the best & well experienced ivf specialists, india provides very advanced ivf treatments not only for the people in india but also for international patients. there are many clinics who offer a 45-80% ivf success rate which is much higher than other countries.
delhi ivf & fertility research center is one of the oldest clinics which had its first ivf clinic in 1993 and was established in the same year by dr. anoop gupta. dr. anoop gupta, an ivf expert for reproductive medicine & technology. difc has its head office in new delhi and is a reputed ivf clinic for its ivf success rate, personal care, ivf counselling, quality control. difc has helped more than 25000+ couples from the across the world 65 countries in the last 3 decades. it’s been one of the most trusted ivf centres for so many years and enjoys a great reputation in the general public in india and overseas.


how long will it take to conceive?


the time it takes to conceive through ivf varies; it may take several cycles before achieving a successful pregnancy. ivf isn’t a singular treatment but a series of procedures. on average, an ivf cycle spans approximately 2.5-4 weeks from the initial consultation to the transfer stage. however, it’s important to note that while the general path remains consistent for all patients, what differs is how your body responds at each phase.


 





read all faq 


 

 







 





best ivf center in delhi ivf & fertility research since 1993
successful ivf families in 65 countries all over the world
 


delhi ivf & fertility research centre, for assisted reproduction, offers world-class ivf treatment in india following all the advanced procedures, techniques, and equipment, which have been making a significant mark to its high success rate.
we have been recognized & appreciated by many global reproductive societies like in the usa, europe, south east asia, and many others. our systems and facilities are at par with the latest ivf delhi techniques & technologies worldwide.


meet our experts  


 

 


reasons to choose delhi ivf & fertility center
















 
ivf treatment in delhi
 

delhi ivf in india is a world-class clinic of international standards and reputed state of art facilities and patient care services in india. delhi ivf: best fertility clinic and ivf centre in india 



















 
33 years of experience
 

delhi ivf & fertility research center is an oldest ivf centre in delhi since 1993. our doctor’s facilities in india has, in fact, made a name for itself as a centre of incredibleness, uprightness and effective results in the zone and field of infertility treatments. 



















 
highest success rate of ivf india
 

at delhi ivf and fertility centre in delhi, we are having the highest success rate of ivf cycle and dr. anoop gupta has a huge track record for most successful ivf hospital in delhi, india. highest sucess rate of ivf in delhi. 









 


 


meet our team
  





















facebook





instagram





linkedin





youtube

    

dr. anoop gupta					senior consultant & director          (35+ years experience) 
		




















facebook





twitter





google+





linkedin

    

dr. aastha gupta					infertility specialist, obs & gynae - (gold medalist) - 15+ yrs exp 
		


















dr. vinnie sandhu					md (moscow) | gynaecology - (25+ years experience) 
		


















dr. alka gupta					scientific director & chief embryologist (35+ years exp) 
		


















dr. mannan gupta					obstetrics & gynaecology (7+ years experience) 
		


















dr. s. chadha					mbbs, ms - general surgery, mch - urology (35+ yrs exp) 
		



  


 

 






latest ivf news
delhi ivf updates from
resources & news
  







our primary goal has been to provide fertility information to all cities and countries. we ensure to keep sharing all valuable ivf in india news.












 

					feb 01




 author by admin categories failed ivf, failed vf, fertility, ivf treatment
failed ivf: the science behind overcoming challenges with advanced care 







 

					feb 01




 author by admin categories failed ivf, fertility, ivf treatment
top reasons why couples with failed ivf trust delhi-ivf for solutions 







 

					jan 18




 author by admin categories ivf, success rate
success rates of ivf: what to know before you try 






  


 

 


do you need the right ivf doctor to start your family?
  





make an appointment 


 

 


delhi ivf's media coverage








  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  

  


 




 



 


















sign up to get latest updates 


subscribe leave this field empty if you're human:  











delhi ivf & fertility research centre.
delhi ivf has been ranked as the no 1 ivf clinic in india by fertility research news and in the top 10 best ivf clinics in terms of success rates . (*success rate varies depending upon case to case.)
    

delhi ivf resourcesfaq
female infertility
international patients
unexplained infertility
male infertility
international patients
pgs/pgd
 

delhi ivf desktest tube baby
ivf success rate
our ivf specialist team
patient referral program
fast track infertility plan
 

get in touch


address
23, todar mal lane, bengali market (opp. nathu’s sweets), near connaught place			 phone981-0600-234/35
email addressnewquery@delhi-ivf.com

 












									copyright © 2025 all rights reserved.				

privacy policy
 













your journey to‍ parenthood begins with us!
our personalized treatment can significantly improve your chances of starting a family.

 











































33743





			×			

























								←								










																						whatsapp																					











																						phone																					







