






soccer domain site » www.soccerdomain.org















































skip to content







 menu

home
programs & leagues

adult leagues
winter results


groups

eredivisie
la liga
le championnat
premier
scudetto


calendar of events

schedule


staff
contact us
 






 soccer domain site


soccer domain is the premier indoor sports facility. proudly sponsored by the metrostars and lotto (north america), soccer domain offers players of all ages, and all standards, the opportunity to participate in various
programs conducted by the professional trainers from ashley’s soccer camp. our goal is to graduate every player. this goal can only be achieved with the support and belief of the players participating in the program. players must practice the skills and techniques away from the sessions.
are you good enough?
the academy and ball mastery school – curriculums written for the elite
soccer player, and travel team players wishing to take their game to the
next level. guaranteed over one thousand quality touches
per session.


lotto (north america) offers you, your team, or your club an opportunity
to wear the uniform and equipment of champions.
new spring adult league information is now available.
you can now register on-line. read more about programs and leagues.


the academy

the object of the academy center of excellence at soccer domain is to identify students of outstanding potential and develop this by placing them in a technical and educational environment that is designed to enhance their skill and individual ability, along with their personal and psychological development.

domain is the unprecedented leader in elite training for the elite youth soccer player. unlike other so-called ‘academies’ and soccer schools of excellence, players who wish to participate in the academy center of excellence must attend a tryout where they are evaluated and placed in a group of players of the same standard. the curriculum for the academy center of excellence incorporates the criteria set out by the english football association for youth development, as well as training ideas from top professional clubs, including liverpool f.c., aston villa f.c., arsenal f.c., bayern munich, barcelona, and ajax. guest coaches have included juan carlos osario (manchester city assistant coach), andrew williams (liverpool f.c.), & andy reidel (liverpool f.c.).
we do not support players with gambling problems, because any form of sports and casino gambling harms the academy’s activities. last time we suspended a player for visiting online casinos for slot machines instead of training on the field.
developing players, not teams
over the past 12 months the directors and staff of the soccer domain and ball mastery school have studied the curriculum, interviewed players, parents and coaches, and reviewed the process of evaluation and graduation. it has been our goal to improve the overall curriculum to be able to continue to offer what we believe to be the best individual total development program in the tri-state area.
obviously all players want to graduate to the next level with the eventual goal of being part of the soccer domain. see the staff.the standard is extremely high, and is always improving, therefore making it harder for players to reach the level expected. to make sure players not only become better players but also remain confident in their own ability and show their true potential, the soccer domain has re-written the curriculum for the ball mastery school to offer a more comprehensive training program that covers all aspects of soccer, enabling students to become a totally developed player.
each of our players is training to make it big in the league. we’d like to tell punters that our site is not about gambling tickets at online bookmakers or sports betting on a fantasy match, but you are can find this elsewhere.
 
the curriculum teaches the three “c’s” –
comfortable – players first must be comfortable with a ball at their feet
confident – once comfortable they become confident with the ball
creative – and when they are confident we ask them to be creative
the soccer domain center of excellence 1
“developing skills for the young player – modules 1, 2 & 3”
using the skills taught at bm1 and incorporating passing and control, players will participate in a 10-week program, and will be evaluated during the 10th session. there will be 3 modules in this level, each 10 weeks long, and the goal of the staff will be to graduate all players after attending the three modules. however, players must have attended a minimum of 7 of the 10 sessions per module and must show proficiency in the skills taught. feedback will be given at the end of each module so as to prepare the players for the final evaluation. if players have shown improvement at a higher rate, and they fall within the criteria set out below, they may be offered an opportunity to graduate to the next level before the end of the third module.

the soccer domain center of excellence 2
“preparing players in a technical environment – modules 4, 5 & 6”
using the skills taught at bm2, as well as those in ace 1, and incorporating passing and control, with a greater focus on playing under pressure, players will participate in a 10-week program, and will be evaluated during the 10th session. there will be 3 modules in this level, each 10 weeks long, and the goal of the staff will be to graduate all players after attending the three modules. however, players must have attended a minimum of 7 of the 10 sessions per module and must show proficiency in the skills taught. feedback will be given at the end of each module so as to prepare the players for the final evaluation. if players have shown improvement at a higher rate, and they fall within the criteria set out below, they may be offered an opportunity to graduate to the next level before the end of the third module.
the soccer domain center of excellence 3
“total development for soccer players – modules 7, 8, 9 & 10”
there will be 4 modules in this level, each 10 weeks long –
“skill identification” – using the skills from ace 1, 2 and bm3, students will be expected to master these skills under pressure.
“technical play” – preparing players for the soccer domain working on attributes such as ball control and passing, using intense training methods from europe.
“shooting” – players will be shown techniques to shoot with both feet.
“agility & co-ordination” – movement with and without a ball incorporating core stability training.

players will participate in each 10-week module, and will be evaluated during the 10th session. the goal of the staff will be to graduate all players after attending the four modules. however, players must have attended a minimum of 7 of the 10 sessions per module and must show proficiency in the skills taught. feedback will be given at the end of each module so as to prepare the players for the final evaluation. players may be offered an opportunity to graduate specific modules by attending pre-arranged tryouts for each of the four modules.
the soccer domain = “optimum training for the elite player”
players will participate in four 10-week modules, specifically written with age and skill level taken into consideration. these modules will be high intensity, with the students expected to compete at their optimum level. new students to the soccer domain will be placed on a 10-week probation where they will receive weekly online evaluations plus an in-depth end-of-season written assessment. students will be expected to maintain the standard set out in the curriculum. players who are on probation and fall below the standard expected will have their position in the soccer domain reviewed. veteran students of the soccer domain will also receive weekly online evaluations plus one in-depth end-of-season written assessment. if these players fall below the standard set out in the curriculum they will be placed on probation for 10 weeks.

soccer domain football club – sdfc







 adult leagues
calendar of events
contact us
eredivisie
la liga
le championnat
premier
programs & leagues
schedule
scudetto
soccer domain site
staff
winter results

 


 



 








the legal information on this website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. soccer domain makes no representations or warranties in relation to the legal information on this website.  without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, soccer domain does not warrant at:
the legal information on this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or the legal information on this website is complete, true, accurate, up-to-date, or non-misleading.

copyright: www.soccerdomain.org






by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. ok










