



























pacific council on international policy










































about us2020 vision
who we arehistory
annual reports

our leadership
our team
our networkmembers
sustaining members

inclusion

get involvedbecome a membermembership application

nominate a member
support the councilsustaining membership
christopher society
planned giving
annual giving
sponsors
corporate

work with us
junior fellowships
subscribe to the newsletter

activitiesevents
delegations
election series

topics
impactamplify program
global city project
mexico initiative








            search          







 











magazine
media
member login
join
donate







advancing global policy engagement in los angeleslearn about membershipupcoming eventsdonate to the council





the latest from the pacific council



pacific council announces arthur j. ochoa as incoming board co-chair




support the pacific council




2024 global election series




upcoming events




watch event recordings









upcoming events & activities






 

february 19, 2025 
trump 2.0 and the north american opportunityjoin us on wednesday, february 19, at 6 pm for an insightful discussion on the implications of president trump’s decision to impose 25% tariffs on canada and mexico. our speakers will examine the importance of north american cooperation, especially the usmca, for strengthening u.s. competitiveness in the face of strategic competition from china. representatives of the governments of canada and mexico will outline their national responses to the tariffs and will discuss the importance of a speedy resolution to the situation. 


beverly hills/westwood area

register now 












why become a member?


 
member networkconnect to a community of thoughtful, concerned global citizens.
 




 
events & activitieskeep ideas flowing in discussion and stay current on important global issues.
 




 
thought leadershipwork with other members to develop ideas that inform and drive global progress.
 

learn more




find a member



 
find a member

search 




get involved



 
get involved

learn how 









youtube
linkedin
instagram



 
contact us
725 s. figueroa st., suite 450
los angeles, ca 90017
phone: +1 213 221 2000 / fax: +1 213 221 2050
info@pacificcouncil.org




© copyright 2024, pacific council on international policy. all rights reserved.





