













hospice of the valley arizona






































home


why hospice of the valley



serving our community


our people


history


a legacy of caring


patient stories


inspirational videos




our care



hospice care


palliative care


medicaring


pulmonary care


grief support


family caregiver support


pediatric services


mindfulness


music, massage & aromatherapy




dementia



supportive care for dementia


dementia hospice care


dementia care and education campus


classes and support groups


dementia care videos


dementia care donations


dementia resources




volunteer



college partners program


college student opportunities


corporate volunteering


honoring first responders


new song center for grieving children


patient companion


pet therapy


ryan house


saluting our veterans


special events


teen volunteering


teens in nursing


white dove thrift shoppe volunteers




careers



available positions


hiring process


benefits




for healthcare providers



refer a patient


programs for your patients


reimbursement & eligibility


physician cme opportunities


clinical rotations and internships




community education


events



aaha! art. food. wine.


pro-am golf tournament


light up a life


community fundraising events


light up a life tribute




donate



donate now


other ways to give


legacy giving


white dove thrift shoppes


new song center donation


light up a life










(602) 530-6900 anytime
contact us





locations


faq


news










(602) 530-6900  |  locations





legacy of caring

hospice care
"it's so comforting to know there's always someone to turn to for support."
our services





care at home

supportive care
"it's hard for me to get to the doctor, so i'm grateful your whole team comes to me." 
we can help





helping caregivers

dementia care
"mom has trouble remembering things, so how do we make her feel safe and loved?"
dementia care





from the heart

volunteer companionship
"dad really enjoys patsy's visits, and i get a little time to myself."
volunteering





helping you heal

grief support
"my grief counselor is teaching me to be gentle with myself. every day seems brighter than the last."
get help





 experience, compassion and generosity





help for your loved one
we provide hospice care; supportive care for serious illness; and care for all types and stages of dementia. our skilled clinical teams have specialized expertise in pulmonary care, caregiver support, pediatric services and grief counseling. reach our on-duty nurses 24/7 for comfort and peace of mind.
our programs







why hospice of the valley
our commitment to bringing comfort, dignity and compassion to our community has earned hospice of the valley the prestigious hospice cahps honors and honors elite awards for providing the highest standard of excellence in patient care. the cahps program measures family satisfaction and quality of care.
learn more







make a charitable donation
as arizona’s largest nonprofit hospice since 1977, no one is turned away regardless of insurance. thanks to generous community support we are able to care for all in need.
we are grateful for your support!
to give online






light up a life
we invite you to view the tribute video and our light up a life tribute page.
tribute video
light up a life tribute page














our programs
we have so many programs to support you and your family. we care for medically-fragile children, help those with chronic illness and people living with all stages of dementia. at end of life, our compassionate care provides comfort and dignity. we serve all who come to us—turning no one away.
watch video







shop our white dove!
there are four white dove thrift shoppe locations valleywide, supporting our care for patients and families. find bargains on everything under the sun—clothing, furniture, art, jewelry and household items. donations of goods are always welcome!learn more







we honor veterans
hospice of the valley has been recognized by the national “we honor veterans” program for improving quality of end-of-life care for military veterans. volunteers also enhance veteran care through our saluting our veterans and legacy corps programs.
learn more





call (602) 530-6900 anytime 24/7 or contact us. serving maricopa county, northern pinal county and the tucson area.






© 2025 hospice of the valley. all rights reserved. serving central arizona, hospice of the valley is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization recognized by the irs. tax id: 86-0338886



privacy policy


notice of non-discrimination


ada policy guidelines


employee email


employee education


volunteer login

















