







amy rigby


















































bio


music


writing


tour


shop


contact





menu








street address
city, state, zip
phone number






your custom text here











bio


music


writing


tour


shop


contact














news

















i’ve still got some hang in there with me in me! looking forward to these dates. tour












first gig of the year just up the road at american library norwich uk : tickets












hang in there with me cd signed

  
    
      
        
          $15.00
        
      
    
  

the new album on cd, limited number of signed copies available - available in the us and uk with domestic shipping





click on review below for links to nice praise for the new album. thankful for these hard-working music writers who keep the faith!
























i wrote about skeeter davis for this wonderful new book out now, order your copy now! 


















a nice shout-out for girl to city from thurston moore in a rough trade interview for his new memoir sonic life.














photo by lauren lancaster for the new york times - nice article by sal cataldi in this sunday’s times about rockers moving from elsewhere to new york’s hudson valley https://www.nytimes.com/2022/12/03/nyregion/musicians-hudson-valley-catskills.html












the cd version of this new demos disc is back in stock!  here at bandcamp and in the shop














amy was guest on fave podcast everything is fine! hear amy talk with hosts kim france and jenn romolini about growing up, growing older and all kinds of other stuff.






















it was a rocking good time at night #1 of yo la tengo’s annual hanukkah stand at bowery ballroom. amy joined georgia, ira, james & cj camerieri on trumpet for an early song recorded by last roundup, at the well. a sweet moment in a hard year! ira pointed out that yo la tengo’s first nyc show was at cbgb with last roundup way back in…1985? 





girl to city, the podcast, is available here. twenty chapters/episodes with music!












girl to city: a memoir podcast episodes/links & info available here












listen to amy’s interview with terry gross for fresh air here.















praise for girl to city:“it’s a big season for music memoirs. but will they be as good as amy rigby’s?” philadelphia inquirer"...an instant classic." big takeover“you can feel the distortion, smell the damp, see the clothes, hear the guitars." goldminegirl to city: a memoir follows one young woman's progression from elton john fan in the pittsburgh suburbs to manhattan art student; from punk show habitué to fledgling musician to cult singer-songwriter who caused a sensation with 1996 debut solo album diary of a mod housewife. set in a ramshackle twentieth century new york world of homemade clubs and bands, through love affairs, temp jobs and motherhood, girl to city: describes the screw-ups and charmed moments it took for a girl in the crowd at cbgb to pick up a guitar and sing her truth on stage, creating an identity as an artist back when female musician role models were rare. the challenge of balancing art with real life is one of the themes that define rigby's work as a songwriter, and those struggles are the basis of this story. for anyone who ever imagined trying to make a life out of what they love. to go with the book, amy’s releasing a disc of never before heard demos: hear the songs  behind the songs behind the stories!order the book or cd/download or both here.












this video is for girl to city: a memoir by amy rigby, to be published october 8th by southern domestic soundtrack summer of my wasted youth photos by julia gorton, ted barron, robert sietsema, angela jaeger, angel dean; poster artwork by michael mcmahon




            buy on amazon
          





in the spirit of détente, offering low shipping prices to the uk & europe (same as the us) shop“american girl, take me out of this world…” brand new video for tom petty karaoke, directed by ted barron. inspired by j mascis singing tom petty in a provincetown karaoke bar.




“one of america’s greatest songwriters”

— nashville scene




“…keenly observant songs about growing up, growing older and keeping the rock and roll flame alive.”

— philadelphia inquirer




“...one of the most inventive songwriters of her generation.”

— jersey beat






order the album here or at amazon, itunes or bandcamp.they love her in pittsburgh...uh, sort of!  articles in the tribune, post-gazette & the swervean hour long interview including tracks from last roundup, the shams, and a live one or two thanks to charlie at stereo hysteria heresubscribe for tour dates, new releases and updates.























































powered by squarespace


















































