


tao's acupuncture & herbs center located in allentown, pa.
































dear 
                patients,

i 
                am chung-hu, tao, a licensed and certified acupuncturist at the 
                tao's acupuncture & herbs center in allentown, pennsylvania. 
                i have practiced acupuncture and chinese herbal medicine in since 
                1985, and in allentown, pa since feb.,1995. i hold a master's 
                degree from samra university of oriental medicine in los angeles. 
                i am a licensed acupuncturist in pennsylvania, and i am also licensed 
                in new york and california - the highest professional standard 
                in u.s. in addition, i am a board certified diplomat in chinese 
                herbs by the national commission for the certification of acupuncturists 
                (ncca).

                my country of origin is taiwan. up until 1985, i worked in business. 
                at that time, i switched to a career in traditional chinese medicine 
                (tcm) because i was inspired to my country of origin is taiwan. 
                up until 1985, i worked in business. at that time, i switched 
                to a career in traditional chinese medicine (tcm) because i was 
                inspired to help improve the health of others. i completed
                a two year tcm apprenticeship in taipei, and then completed the 
                master's degree program at samra university of oriental medicine 
                in los angeles. after graduating in 1994, i completed a one year 
                continuous educational program related to orthopedics. i then 
                moved to allentown, pa. and have been practicing tcm ever since. 
                in addition, i also studied anatomy, physiology, and biomedicine 
                at east stroudsburg university and completed additional clinical 
                training at the tcm hospitals in beijing, shanghai and gualin. 
                

                in my own experiences, i have found acupuncture combined with 
                chinese herbs to be very helpful in treating chronic pain, gastro-intestinal 
                disorders, female diseases, allergies, skin diseases, mental illness, 
                drug & alcohol withdrawal, and chronic fatigue, as well as 
                those who wish to lose weight or stop smoking. additionally, acupuncture 
                can serve as a supplemental treatment and may help patients who 
                experience g-i upset from medication, no improvement or relief 
                from medication; or limited help from cortisone injections, physical 
                therapy, or spinal adjustments. 

                in 1997, the national institute of health (nih) endorsed acupuncture 
                as treatment for nausea, vomiting, addiction, and chronic pain. 
                while conceding that additional research is needed to categorically 
                prove acupuncture's effectiveness in treating other diseases, 
                the nih supports acupuncture's therapeutic value and has urged 
                physicians to be open-minded about recommending it to their patients. 
                based on this research, i urge patients and primary care physicians, 
                neurologists, orthopedic doctors, pain specialists, rheumatologists, 
                physiatrists, physical therapists and chiropractors to be open 
                minded regarding acupuncture and tcm treatments.

                surgery should always be the last option. this applies to chronically 
                painful conditions like carpal tunnel syndrome, trigger finger, 
                mild or moderate disc bulging or herniated disc, spinal stenosis, 
                and chronic illnesses like hysterectomy for uterine fibroid, mammary 
                cyst, ovary cyst, endometriosis, small gallstones, pancreatitis, 
                colitis, sinus, etc. acupuncture with herbal therapy has been 
                an effective, risk free treatment of the aforementioned conditions. 
                

                i adhere to strict sanitary standards and use only disposable 
                needles in my practice. if you have a fear of needles, i can use 
                alternative approaches to achieve results similar to acupuncture. 
                i can use ear seeds to stick on the acupuncture points in the 
                surface of your ears, magnetic needle techniques, cupping, orally 
                taken chinese herbs, and external patches to achieve a somewhat 
                similar result if the patient has an initial fear of acupuncture 
                needles. 

regarding 
                insurance, currently worker's compensation and auto injury cases 
                are typically covered. the health insurance coverage now is new 
                opened to the high mark ppo blue-federal employee program 100% 
                covered, cigna healthcare ppo-for cathy airliner employee 100% 
                covered, blue cross blue shield ppo, indemnity plan 80% covered, 
                in united healthcare or aetna-choice plus-80%covered (x may) cover 
                also. if you have a different insurance plan, or are unsure whether 
                your plan cover or not, please dial the phone number in the back 
                of your insurance card for member service to check whether your 
                benefits cover or not. if covered, then the deductible amount 
                for non-participated provider with allowed visits etc. information, 
                also important for your reference. if you need us help, please 
                provide your insurance card information with the date of your 
                birth, we could find for you.

                for your first appointment, please bring any reports or information 
                that could help me to understand your physical condition and develop 
                a treatment plan. this could be a radiologist's report, lab test's 
                report, specialist written report, or any other reports if available. 
                under current pa acupuncture law, a written diagnosis from your 
                medical doctor is necessary if you will receive our treatment 
                over 60 days from the first day of your visit.

                meanwhile, i encourage you to open "testimonials" link 
                below, in which our patients share their true stories and experiences 
                about the effective treatment they received at my practice. in 
                addition, the "specialties" link contains in-depth information 
                regarding some of my specialties, treatment of specific diseases, 
                and commentary.

                finally, i would like to quote the words of deng xiao-ping, the 
                past chairman of china: "no matter you are the white or black 
                cat, who can catch the mouse is the good cat." the meaning 
                behind the statement is when comparing western and eastern medicine, 
                the issue is not whether you are an m.d. or a practitioner of 
                tcm; what matters is how much you can help the patients. the best 
                doctor is the one who can help patients the most. based on deng's 
                practical thought, i'd like to invite you to try acupuncture and 
                tcm if you are not satisfied with your current treatment. 

                thank you for visiting this website. please contact me with any 
                concerns or questions or to schedule an appointment by phone. 
                

                this website is also shared with those patients who are frustrated 
                with the current state of bio-medicinal practices
                .
                truly yours, 

chung-hu tao/ l.ac. & l. om.
 



 











this is our clinic picture down inside a medical building since 1996.  

joined with american 
		acupuncturist to the "people to people ambassador programs" to the p.r. 
		china. 

photo with department head 
		of acupuncture division in guilin tcm hospital.


in front of international 
		education college, shanghai tcm university.

		chinese herb pick-up window

        old building of guan an men hospital in beijing

        the modern building of guan an men hospital in beijing. it has 24 clinical 
        departments, 13 warts with 505 beds in the impatient dept.,the daily outpatient 
        visits over 2,000. 


with dr. sun, department 
        head of acupuncture division in long hwa hospital in shanghai. 


more and more americans are more like to try acupuncture when traditional treatments failed.  the needle is sense no pain or feel little pain compare to  traditional needle, this small pain really nothing.. the effect of treating pain just like your take medicine or receive shots. but there is no upset your stomach or the terrible pain when you received epidural shots. the patient julie who is a nurse working for a nursing home, injured from her work thru help a heavy patient falling down. her left shoulder blade and lower scapula area with her shoulder joint got injury with a lot of feel pain influence her job when she need withdraw sheet of protection. she tried all the current medical help, cannot relived her pain, she only could tale disable from social security. after the patient  treated by us, just a few weeks, she could back to a original life and restore her full time. look her smile with child, this help not only good for her whole family also  good  for our society and country.
 


 









 
main 
      office:
      tao's acupuncture & herbs center
      chung-hu tao, lac.& 
      l. om.
      phone: 610-770-6201
      1251 s. cedar crest blvd., suite #110a, 
      allentown pa.18103

      e-mail address: chungtao@msn.com


this site is maintained by ethnicom 
  group, inc.


