




health care training programs ma, ri - health and home care training of new england













  
 


training students since 2016

(508) 672-6800





home
about hcts
compare us
contact us
links
login











clinical courses  

cardio-phlebotomy technician
e.k.g technician
medical assistant


nursing assistant / home health aide


patient care technician

phlebotomy technician


health and home care training of new england

              657 quarry street, 
              fall river, ma 02723 
              508.672.6800

              162 main street, 
              brockton, ma 02301 
              508-846-2387 

contact us

massachusetts division of occupational licensure, office of private occupational schools.

              1000 washington street, 
              boston, ma 02118 
              617.701.8719


 
              the executive office of labor and workforce development (eolwd) 

  

 our nursing assistant program and instructors are also approved by the massachusetts department of public health.






welcome to health and home care training of new england

since 2016 health and home care training of new england has trained thousands of students who have moved on to employment in health care and related fields.  our career preparation and skills staff, work with students to assist them in learning job skills and creating resumes.
with our hands on approach to teaching, by experienced  professionals, we provide the students with real world skills training.  those in demand skills are what employers are  seeking for today's jobs.
our convenient location, with easy access to routes 24 and  195 allow students from both massachusetts and  rhode island  the ability to attend our day and evening programs.
the  diversity of instructors and students allow for dynamic learning  environment. our up to date classrooms  are comfortable, air conditioned and handicapped  accessible. all of our courses are offered on site, so no  travel to another location is required except for your school coordinated  externship/clinical experiences.
a key element in the way health and home care training of new england works is the experience and leadership of our instructors. our dedicated and committed instructors and directors have decades of experience working in the field as well as in the classroom. we are committed to the successful outcome of every student. students have taken our programs for years with the intent to improve or create new skills for today’s jobs

unlike other schools, we are open year round with open  enrollment allowing for frequent starts and convenient schedules.            
our students benefit from up to date equipment and  computers.
our low cost affordable programs and courses with several payment  options allow the student to obtain the skills they desire while working within  their budget.  
our school meets the approval requirements to work with grant funding programs such as the massachusetts department of workforce development mrc, wioa , wia, and wtf programs. we also work with several rehabilitation programs throughout the area.
our students are eligible to take the state licensing exams required and various national certifications that employers demand.
call us today and schedule your appointment to visit  the school and learn more about how we can help you start your new life today. 
proudly serving ma and ri.
            `
            
	 

winter shedule of upcoming classes! 

	 

february 12  :  ekg technician training - (days)  monday, wednesday & friday 9 am-3 pm.  ekg tech is part of the medical assistant, patient care technician & cardio-phlebotomy technician training program

	 

february 17  : day accelerated (4.5 week) -nursing assistant-home health aide clinical experience! monday, wednesday & friday 9 am- 4 pm *zoom (except wednesday; live skills) *nursing assistant is also part of the pct; patient care technician program  

	 

march 7 :  phlebotomy, cardio-phlebotomy, pct & medical assistant training- (days) monday, wednesday & friday 9 am - 3 pm. phlebotomy tech is part of the medical assistant, patient care technician & cardio-phlebotomy technician training program

	 

march 11  :  ekg technician training - (days)  monday, wednesday & froday 9 am- 3 pm.  ekg technician training is part of the medical assistant, patient care technician & cardio-phlebotomy technician training program

	 

	 

march 31  : day accelerated -nursing assistant-home health aide clinical experience! monday, wednesday & friday 9 am- 4 pm *zoom (except wednesday; live skills) *nursing assistant is also part of the pct; patient care technician program     

	 

                                                                                

	 

 we also offer weekend and evening cpr & 1st aide training!

	*our facilty is an approved site for the massachsetts certified nursing (cna) testing program!!!! we host the exam and can assist you in scheduling/preparing for your test!!!!!

	 

please  call 508-672-6800 and please share!!! 

spring

 

april 1 :  phlebotomy, cardio-phlebotomy, pct & medical assistant training- (evenings) tuesday, thursday & friday 5:30 pm - 9:30 pm. phlebotomy tech is part of the medical assistant, patient care technician & cardio-phlebotomy technician training program

april 22  : evening 6 pm - 10 pm (10-13 week) -medical assistant-! clinical procedures and pharmacology (cpp) *zoom/hybrid  (monday & *wednesday; live skills) * cpp is part of the medical assistant training program  



we offer the classes you need to keep on top of the industry.
whether you are brand-new to the health care field, or want to upgrade skills you already have, we have classes to fit your needs. classes are scheduled days and evenings for your convenience.




use us as your first step into a new world.
many students use our beginning classes as stepping stones to transition into other health care careers. once they have the "basic training" and know that health care is the field for them, our graduates have gone on to study for careers in nursing, physical therapy, etc. with a head start into the medical profession already, you can continue to study for these advanced careers while working in the industry and earning a good living.




more than facts and skills, we teach an approach to caring for others.
health care education needs to be more than classes and exams. it's about caring. it takes a special disposition to work in the health care field, and our teachers will help you learn how to care for others while learning the course material. working in a nurturing, relaxed atmosphere, our teachers take the time to work with you to ensure you understand the material. by encouraging class discussion, stimulating independent thinking, and communicating effectively, they provide help and advice to prepare you for all aspects of working in the health care profession.




everyone comes out on top at health care training services.
once an investment in classes is made, the question in the back of every student's mind is: what's next? our students can rest assured there is always a demand for their services once certification is completed. our one-on-one attention, cutting-edge classes, and solid education all add up to give the student a training experience with added value, and give the employer a trained, compassionate professional.



we take pride in helping our students find jobs! our graduates are known by area health care organizations to be well trained - enhancing the likelihood of being hired! 









 657 quarry street, fall river, ma 02723  /  508.672.6800

home
about hcts
compare us
contact us
links
login


 health care and training services © 2012. all rights reserved. 




