





welcome to i passed my drug test .com. pass any drug test!!
















 






 





  







 

 


view cart  


 home


   about us


  facts & faq 


  testimonials


  endorsements


  contact us


  privacy policy


 online drug test





 products


 urine drug test


  blood drug test


  hair drug test


  saliva drug test


  nicotine test


  steroid test


  random test


 fingernail test


  drug test kits


 our guarantee


 




 best sellers


 permanent  
                    cleanse 


 total body  
                    cleanse





 site map 





tell a friend








 





 





 





 






 

 

 






i passed my drug test .com





pass your drug test the safe and healthy way. our programs and drug testing kits are designed to ensure that you pass your test. we provide same day and permanent detoxification programs that have been tested over time since 1993 with proven results to remove all drug metabolites and unwanted toxins from your system. we understand how important it is to pass your drug test. our customers always come first while providing fast shipping and responsible service with guaranteed passing results. our site is secure so that you can order online or call our toll free number to order or ask any further questions about our drug testing solutions. click on the links below to view the solution that best fits your needs. we offer solutions to pass every type of drug test. our specialty is and always has been "drug detoxification".
                              remain toxin free and pass your drug test.














 1 hour cleansing products: 
designed for urine drug testing. random or pre-employment drug tests. be prepared for your upcoming urine test. 1 hour formula. 

total body cleansing products:
pass any urine, blood, hair follicle, or saliva drug test. totally cleanse your body of all drug metabolites in 1 to 8 days. have peace of mind, be drug free.



 permanent cleansing products: 
pass urine, blood, or saliva drug tests. permanently remove all drug metabolites from your urine, blood, and saliva in 1 to 8 days.

 drug test kits:
drug test kits that provide you with accurate results set to nida standards. being prepared is the key to successfully passing your drug test.



hair follicle cleansing products: 
pass any hair follicle drug test. safely and naturally remove all drug metabolites from the hair follicle and hair strands.

saliva cleansing products:
pass any saliva swab drug test. works in 5 minutes for any pre-employment or random drug tests. works for all toxins. 100% undetectable. 



nicotine cleansing products:
pass any nicotine drug test. a 3 day program that cleanses urine, blood, or saliva for any health insurance drug tests. 2 free drug testing kits included.

steroid cleansing products: 
pass any urine, blood, or saliva drug test. permanently removes all traces of anabolic steroids in 4 days. 100% safe and effective.  










    featured products  and information


 


test'in   permanent  cleansing products
cleanse your system permanently. 
										the blood stream supplies unwanted toxins to all other parts of the body including the urine, saliva, and hair follicle. cleanse the source and be prepared to pass. a known leader in detoxification, best seller, and the preferred method of getting clean. see all permanent cleanses. 


 

drug detection times


drug test cutoff levels


lab's most common drugs


false positive results


drug test glossary


pass your drug test










pass any drug test - click here






note: we do not condone the use of illegal substances, but we understand your life style and needs. our products are intended for individual detoxification only and no other use. these statements have not been evaluated by the fda. these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.



 

 
 
why choose 
                          test'in?


 the highest quality original permanent cleanse available. leading the industry with over 19 years of research and development. the easiest, safest, all natural cleanse on the market today.


how test'in products work 


not a mask or 
                        cover-up





 

 alternate payment methods










  drug test kits



 alcohol test kit 
 amphetamine 
 benzodiazepines 
 cocaine
 marijuana (thc)
 methamphetamine 
 nicotine
 opiate
 saliva swab test 
 hair follicle test 
 two panel test kit 
 five panel test kit 
 nine panel test kit


 










 


mobile site 
 








