




























british motor coach » home








homeweddingswedding servicewedding packagesgetaway carswine tourswine tour experiencewine tour packagescorporatefleet1957 rolls-royce silver cloud i1959 rolls-royce silver cloud ivolvo s90 sedanchevrolet suburban suvford transit vanstretch limousineabout usabout uscontact usquotereservationlogin
request quotemake reservationfrom the early days of british motor coach, in 1987, we were determined to focus entirely on one very specific segment of the transportation business, which we felt we could best serve and build upon over the years.info@bmclimo.com(206) 283-6600© copyright 2024 british motor coach | all rights reserved.about british motor coachfor questes/reservationsget in touch with usrequest a quoteview the fleetmake a reservationbook your wedding getaway car today!british motor coach began in 1987 with one classic 1950 bentley mark vi and a vision of building a unique fleet of vintage english motor vehicles.
 
today, british motor coach offers a collection of vintage english motor vehicles in the pacific northwest for your wedding, wine tour, or special event. corporate transportation with a superior fleet of sedans, stretch limousines, suv's and buses/vans.
 
whatever your occasion, we guarantee you will be surprised and delighted with the personal attention, helpfulness, and guidance you will receive from our courteous and knowledgeable drivers.
 
we look forward to serving you for winery tours, your wedding, prom, or corporate transportation needs.
 
-roy & the entire british motor coach team.call today!
(206) 283-6600our servicescorporate travel
 
at british motor coach, we set the bar for corporate transport. from executive assistants to travel managers to corporate executives, our clients expect the highest level of professionalism from our services.weddings
 
with over 30 years of chauffeuring wedding couples throughout seattle, british motor coach has an outstanding reputation for delivering high-class, quality wedding limousine transportation that will make your special day truly memorable.airport transfer
 
our drivers are professional, courteous, and experienced. british motor coach offers the most cost-effective and reliable way to and from the airport.winery tours
 
more than just wine tasting, our tours are conducted by our professional and knowledgeable chauffeurs. they can sometimes include behind-the-scenes visits, a glimpse into winemaking production, and opportunities to meet the winemakers.testimonials“our chauffeur was incredible, and the whole experience was amazing!”
 
tiffany t."excellent. a quick phone call is all it took…very professional. far superior to uber/lyft."
 
john j.“been using you since about 2001 and you are the best.”
 
cathy b.“we were ecstatic to discover that you had the 51 bentley available for our 30th anniversary getaway, as we had used that very vehicle for our wedding in 1988! it was a priceless experience.”
 
michael b.“the picture the driver took… at the end was priceless and they absolutely loved the relaxing drive from the wedding to the reception!!  thank you so much for making their special day even better!”
 
joanne h.wonderful experience! surprised by my (now) husband with a getaway car at our wedding, and i am so glad i did! the driver was extremely professional and personable, and the ride was smooth. and the car! such a gorgeous rolls royce, it really helped elevate the whole experience. thanks again for the ride home!
 
hannah h.lance was great! …he was professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and a safe driver! our rental with british motor coach was one of the most memorable parts of our wedding, including for the guests. i would absolutely recommend british motor coach…”
 
phillip m.“the vehicle was spotless and…we all felt like we were in very safe and competent hands with lance as our driver. the customer service between all parties has been absolutely the best i've ever received. thank you for the perfect stress-free limo experience!”
 
caitlyn g.“highly recommend your service and options.  with you we found the perfect solution to our transportation needs to wedding venue for wedding party and guests.  thank you very much.”
 
valerie h.























































