


vic's rare films, the rare movie specialists 


























 








 welcome to vic's rare films
we specialise in rare films from the 1930s onwards, transferring them to high quality dvds with full custom artwork. films are supplied in pal or ntsc format depending on your region. we've just introduced the new 3 movie disc-only-deal if you do not require disc sleeves and cases. bargains on our ebay stores
we buy dvd and record collections almost every day. individual items are listed on ebay and priced to sell fast, we are usually cheaper than other ebay sellers and amazon.co.uk and at least 90% of our listings are brand new and sealed stock. unfortunately we can only ship ebay items to uk addresses. with christmas approaching now is a great time to grab a bargain, checkout our ebay #1 and ebay #2 stores.youtube, dailymotion and ok.ru to dvd service
have you seen a film you like online? we can download it and convert it to dvd with custom disc artwork. this service is for one title per dvd. if you have several please contact us to discuss the options. the cost is £20 and includes worldwide shipping. the format can be ntsc for usa / canada or pal for europe. here is our custom dvd order page. vhs / cine / hi8 / minidv transfered to dvd or usb
do you have memories tucked away in a draw? we can help to put them all in one place. slides / cinefilm / photographs / vhs tapes / camcorder tapes and more can all be converted and stored on a memory stick making them easy to view on a smart tv and you can share them with your family and friends. to find out more check out our vhs to dvd conversion services. you will find a form you can use to submit an enquiry.


a - z listing of all filmscheck out the full catalog
save money on larger orderscheck out the big discounts




search website:
          


 subscribe to our newsletter:







name: 

+- 


 email: 




 


 'that bit of foam made me smile..' 
"my dvd the steel bayonet arrived the other day in perfect condition, many thanks. it is for me a great pleasure indeed when i can do business with a company who really cares about the oldies, that small piece of polystyrene in the box has impressed me, you cannot imagine. i can think of several distributors who could well use your techniques to guarantee complete customer satisfaction, rather than discs arriving, in some case, mortally damaged, again well done and many thanks."


 anthony attard was impressed.. 
we received a nice email from the writer of the 1979 film, that summer. anthony attard wrote: many thanks indeed for the dvd. they say, "everything comes to those that wait." simply amazing how staying in a hotel in st ives last week and a chance conversation with a movie buff member of the staff led me to you. we watched the film this afternoon. incredible that 31 years after the making of the film, my wife has finally been able to see it. it is only the second time i have seen it.i couldn't recall most of the film's action. i wrote the original screenplay, the basic plotline was in the film but my script was much tougher and better dialogue. the producers brought in a female writer and she watered the script down. columbia didn't like the finished film and asked what happened to my script? so, it's why they never got behind the film and buried it. i have to say that rather than share
                              the screenplay credit i still have absolutely no regrets about telling my agent i wanted just a simple "from an original story by..." credit. but, it was good to see young ray winstone again, and the film certainly brought back good memories of fun times during summer seasons in torquay - the 'english riviera' back then - in the 'sixties ah, sweet days of youth! again, many thanks! anthonyfootnote: we supplied this dvd to the director harley cokeliss for his summer screening of this film on torquay beach.


 mark lindsay chapman
this highly underated actor recently spent some time here in surrey and we certainly had some good nights out! he has been in the movie business since 1987. he was originally picked to play the part of john lennon in a movie but after yoko ono discovered his name was coincidently the same as the real life killer mark chapman, she blocked it. he became famous overnight after appearing on johnny carson's tonight show and made a couple of movies, annihilator and american gothic. he then moved onto tv series, starting in dallas, then falcon crest, swamp thing, murder she wrote and days of our lives among them. in 1995 he starred in stephen king's the langoliers, which is well known for its cult status amongst the sci-fi fraternity. in 1997
                              mark had a major role in james cameron's titanic, where he played the part of chief officer wilde, a real-life hero. thank you for the signed photo i have on display in the shop! he recently played john lennon in the film chapter 27. mark has now returned to california and is looking to start a new project.


the golden age of hollywood
the period between 1930 and 1950 marked a significant era in the history of the film industry, often referred to as the "golden age of hollywood." during these two decades, the american film industry experienced unprecedented growth and innovation, solidifying its position as a global entertainment powerhouse. this essay explores the major developments and transformations in hollywood during this period, focusing on the economic, technological, and creative aspects that shaped the industry. read more..


the influence of the film industry from 1950 to 1980
the period from 1950 to 1980 was a transformative era for the film industry. this era marked significant changes in technology, culture, and society that left an indelible mark on the way we create, consume, and think about movies. in this exploration, we will delve into the key influences that shaped the film industry during this time, touching upon technological advancements, shifts in cultural norms, and the emergence of influential filmmakers. read more..

 

 





vic's rare films 2004 - 2024. we supply pal or ntsc format dvds based on your location. discounts for large orders can be found at the bottom of the catalog page. all orders are supplied with full artwork and covered by our 30 day guarantee. overseas dvds are sent as disc and sleeve only to keep parcels small. we can send a paypal invoice if required.

 

 

