





	toner and inkjet cartridge recycling | fundingfactory


















toggle navigation














qualifying list


about us


business


faq


login


register











×
register on the right track



are you fundraising?
are you helping?






register as a cause
register as a business




							are you a school, nonprofit, church, troop, or group looking to raise money? whatever your organization, we’re here to help. sign up and create your cause page and set a goal!
						



							are you a business looking to help support another organization? sign up here to start down the path of philanthropy. what you send in will help raise money for others!
						




register cause


register business











                        connecting causes, communities, and the environment.
                    





                136,735 participants have earned 
            $33.5
                million, keeping 
            
                43.3
                million lbs. out of landfills
        





fundingfactory for you
for 20 years, fundingfactory has been helping organizations fundraise by recycling toner and inkjet printer cartridges.





fundraising through reuse

                            fundingfactory turns your used toner and inkjet cartridges into cash to fund your organization. with fundingfactory's 100% free fundraising program and the help of your community, your organization will earn much-needed funds in no time.
                        



achieving your fundraising goals

                            once you set your fundraising goal, everyone (family, friends, parents, businesses, etc.) can view, recycle, donate to your organization and stay connected all in one place.
                        




register for fundingfactory









featured organizations
here are a few groups that are close to reaching their fundraising objective.
                            click on the photos to view stories, connect, and even donate!
                        







view cause





                                 

77% complete



boy scout troop 607, statesville, nc
goal: $5,000.00 (77% funded) - statesville, nc






view cause





                                 

58% complete



support local adult literacy
goal: $2,000.00 (58% funded) - grenada, ms






view cause





                                 

59% complete



cag tech equipment upgrade 
goal: $600.00 (59% funded) - kissimmee, fl






view cause





                                 

93% complete



morgan duke conservation society
goal: $500.00 (93% funded) - newburgh, ny






view cause





                                 

71% complete



orphan animal rescue & sanctuary
goal: $500.00 (71% funded) - neenah, wi






view cause





                                 

0% complete



keep children safe
goal: $250.00 (0% funded) - philadelphia, pa























how it works
fundingfactory's cartridge recycling program is pretty
                            basic, so we've kicked it up a notch!
                        











create an account & set your goal



                                            once you register with fundingfactory, take a few minutes to set up your goal page. this will help you connect with your community about your eco-friendly fundraising efforts.
                                        









connect



                                            recruit local businesses like banks, real estate agencies, and attorney's offices to donate their empty printer cartridges, for your group! it only takes one awesome business supporter to put you "in the green"!
                                        









earn



                                            in your online account, you'll be able to track your shipments, goal and earnings, plus request a check once your balance reaches $25.
                                        






click to
                                            register




register now! – you'll be glad you did.



100% free, easy, eco-friendly program
almost 20 years of helping organizations reach their fundraising potential
no selling, no minimums, no obligations














testimonials
here are some words from our participants. we're sure you'll love fundingfactory as much as they do!
                        










                                    "what a great way to help fund your programs, i'm recommending this program to all who have the heart and mind to 
                                help keep your communities and planet in the green!"
                                
gloria ann from belleville, in








                                    "when we started recycling i thought it wouldn't be worth the effort, but it has been very easy 
                                    and profitable for us. thank you for the program and making recycling so easy!"
                                
ginnie from truth or consequences, nm








                                    "i just love working with this company. i have been in four schools since i started with them in 1997. they 
                                    are great to work with! thanks fundingfactory - keep up the good work!"
                                
sister maryann from tampa, fl













home

account login
qualifying list
about us
business donation
faqs



eco proof

environmental policy
real-time sustainability report






say hello

toll-free: 1-888-883-8237
info@fundingfactory.com











                    © 2025 fundingfactory. all rights reserved.
website agreement | program terms & conditions | privacy policy | copyright policy










