








inmate programs & services - california jail program association



























































































































home
about
events

conference registration


vendor

become a vendor


links
join
member login
contact





menu


menu

 






an organization for
jail professionals
who provide programs and
services to california inmates


“creating opportunities for change”


california jail programs association
the california jail programs association (cjpa) is the only organization that addresses the multiple challenges of inmate programming and custodial services in california. the membership is made up of both sworn and non-sworn professionals in corrections, program management, educational, vocational, psych-social services, recreation, pastoral care and behavioral health, from both large and small county jails. cjpa members understand the unique aspects of jail programming and services.
the goal of cjpa is to rapidly share information, review best practices and evidence based modalities in program delivery. we are invested in developing programs and services that meet the demands of the increasing inmate population with cost effective, results oriented programming, in a safe and secure environment. we network to review innovative practices that improve the quality of inmate programs in any agency despite dwindling budget resources. professional inmate programs and services have been proven to reduce recidivism and assist facilities maintain a safer environment for detention staff.
cjpa officers

renée hankla, president, san benito county
  
heather beidler, vice president, san bernardino county
 

justin reeder, secretary, mariposa county
 

katherine macmahon, treasurer, ventura county

patricia ceballos, member at large, san diego county


follow a manual added link
cjpa 
 constitution

follow a manual added link
cjpa
 bylaws








renée hankla- cjpa president
president’s message
i am deeply honored to serve another term as your president of the california jail programs association (cjpa) as we celebrate our 31st anniversary. i want to extend my heartfelt appreciation to our outgoing board members for their dedication and service. i’m thrilled to again welcome new faces to our board while expressing gratitude to our returning members whose ongoing commitment strengthens our organization.
the challenges we’ve faced and overcome together have proven our resilience and dedication to delivering innovative and effective programs and services. our continued growth in membership and conference attendance reflects the vitality of our organization and inspires our board’s vision for the future. building on our previous successes, my goal for this term is to further enhance our training programs, provide valuable resources, and create even more meaningful networking opportunities. as always, your active participation remains crucial to our success.
the board and i remain grateful to all counties, both large and small, that continue to host our bi-annual trainings – your support is invaluable! i must also recognize our loyal sponsors who steadfastly support cjpa’s mission and vision. our collective efforts continue to advance our shared goal of empowering incarcerated individuals with the tools they need to become drug-free, healthy, and employable members of our communities.
thank you for your enduring support and trust in both me and the cjpa organization.
with gratitude,
renée hankla
cjpa president


upcoming events
2025 cjpa spring conferencemarch 19 @ 12:00 pm - march 21 @ 12:00 pm$200 - the pines resort

cjpa sponsors




see more
   

about
links
terms & conditions / privacy policy
 why join cjpa?
here are just a few of the benefits of joining cjpa:

specialized quarterly training classes
innovative cost effective practices
legislative updates and board of corrections policy changes
network with other inmate services professionals
resource pooling and problem solving
established statewide connections
cjpa correctional industries vendor partners







copyright © 2025 california jail programs association  |   web design by g4designhouse.com






scroll to top






























































