




imapbuilder - create interactive map software






















imapbuilder flash | custom map | blog | contact us   
   
   















download
support
buy
maps
showcase
features






 



imapbuilder interactive map software





 


make a map with locations
                faster by import coordinates data

when making a map, you can plot locations by pinpoint on map, by entering latitude and longitude values directly, or you can create map even faster by import markers from a csv data file, with a list of coordinates (longitude and latitude) values.


download free trial


 


branch & store locator
with annotation showing address details
make an interactive store locator map in seconds. show a map of all stores or branch offices on website to help customers find information. users can click on a location to see details in a popup dialog boxes, showing address, phone number,etc, which supports text, links, images and video.


download free trial


 

create your own map using imapbuilder
all-in-1 map software
create an interactive html5 map for presentation or data visualization                  with just a few clicks.â  easily pinpoint locations, add routes, 
                  rollover and zoom effects. embed your responsive map on website or share via
                  email. maps generated in html5, for viewing on pc, mac, and mobile
                devices without plugins.


download free trial


 


clickable area selector map
for easy content selection and web navigation
area selector is an interactive map showing countries, states or 
                  counties. users may click on an area and be redirected to a page 
                  related to the area, or continue with a search. it is an useful tool 
                  for websites containing information related to multiple regions, e.g. 
                a real estate website, an online hotel guide.


download free trial


 


interactive route maps
for travel, airway and freight companies
create a map with multiple locations and destinations. connect locations by drawing lines or curves.  add labels, icons, push pins, with mouseover popup box to display detail information about the route. quickly generate a travel map, shipping map, or flight route map.


download free trial



next previous


 or try online map editor with google maps available. 





 


create labeled maps

        create a political map of the world with all the country names and borders, or a map showing the 50 states of us with their official abbreviations.
        
> labeled u.s. map sample





data visualization maps

        use color to visualize data in a better way. highlight regions or generate heat map and bubble charts that shade geographic areas base
on intensity.
        
> choropleth map example




wide selection of maps
create regional maps using  ready made templates. including world continents, countries, county maps of united states and zip code maps.

> browse map gallery


 




 




imapbuilder html5 for windows 
latest version: v13.0 (released on 30th jan 2020)

windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10, vista, xp sp2+
works on both 32/ 64 bit windows.
maps are responsive and viewable on pc, mac, mobile & tablets.
export for presentation or publish to website.


download free trial
for mac os, linux users, 

        try imapbuilder online with html5 and google map support.



 


use imapbuilder to create interactive maps - features highlight




embed and share
            embed interactive map to a page or send direct links to share with others.





pie chart map
            visualize data using imapbuilder's new data visualization tool





multimedia ready
            link to an image and video for every point of interest.


 



manage large datasets
          edit location data using grids or  import latitude/ longitude coordinates from excel or csv file.
            





custom map icons
            use our default set of icons  or import your icon images.





export as image
            export map as an image for your documents, pdf or powerpoint.


 
> explore map software features








home
features
showcase
support


using imapbuilder to create
office locator map
flight route map
data visualization map


learn more
user guide
video tutorial
forum
custom map


connect with us
google+
twitter
facebook
blog

 

eula and privacy


        © 1999-2025 webunion media ltd all rights reserved.
		
 









