










home - mason oceana manistee board of realtors


















































  



















skip to content































menu 
about about us board of directors our staff committees become a member contact us member loginproperty searchopen housesfind a member realtor® directory office directory associate directoryevent calendarnews local & state links photo albums











 
































mission statement
the purpose of the mason oceana manistee board of realtors® is to provide and promote diversity, equity, inclusion and realtor® professionalism, to its members along with the tools and technology to enhance membership profitability, communicate realtor® viewpoints on real estate and private property issues and promote the value of realtors® to the public all while assisting consumers in fulfilling their real estate needs in accordance with local, state, and federal laws and the realtor® code of ethics.







become a member
















































community outreach










































the mason oceana manistee board of realtors is proud to announce their support of the ludington "shop with a cop" program. a $1,000 donation was made to further the involvement of local realtors in their communities. the mom board supports one charity in each of its three counties, as a way to give back to the areas that they serve.
 
(pictured is raquel kosloskey, officer gallihugh, and steve winczewski.)

















as part of the mason-oceana-manistee board of realtors ongoing efforts to give back to the communities that they serve, a donation of $1,000 was made to the hart veterans of foreign wars, post 1329. the vfw was established in 1932. they provide medical support like bloodwork, immunizations, counseling, and pts assistance. they also host bi-weekly blood drives with the red cross. the mom board of realtors is proud to continue supporting local causes.
(pictured is katie saunders, evelyn vinke, janet dodge, james roquemore - commander, steve fell - quartermaster, gary parsons - trustee and officer of the day, raymond helmer - trustee and guard)













































































mom board of realtors® expands its scholarship program once again!
the mason oceana manistee board of realtors® announced that it awards a scholarship to a student in each of the three counties it serves.
the mom board scholarship fund began nov.21, 2005, and it started out awarding scholarships on a rotating basis for graduating seniors in mason, oceana and manistee counties. the first scholarship went to a graduating senior from manistee high school, back in may 2006.
through the years, the organization worked to build the fund to where it can now give to a student in each county. the scholarships are awarded each year at the recipient's high school awards ceremony.
this year a student at shelby high school was awarded the mom board scholarship for oceana county.
this year a student at ludington high school was awarded the mom board scholarship for mason county.
this year a student at bear lake high school was awarded the mom board scholarship for manistee county.
fundraisers are planned throughout the year through its annual mom board golf scramble and a "scholarship fund agent challenge" that includes a stipulation that agents donate $10 from each closing to be matched by their respective broker.
members of the mom board 's scholarship committee include: chair - rick quinn, sue payne, evelyn vinke, steve winczewski, & brian mulherin.







give now


















code of ethics, professional standards and mediation resources







learn more









































find a realtor®









find an office









appraisers, associates, lenders and title companies



















































join the fight for fair housing!











the key to ending discrimination in real estate isn't this ad.


















if recent events have taught us anything, it's this: we have more work to do. racism is real, tragically so. discrimination, in all its forms, still casts a long shadow in this country, and too many are being denied the opportunities that all americans deserve. our commitment to the diverse communities we serve starts with a code of ethics. our code sets a higher standard for fairness in housing than any federal law, it's backed by a culture of member accountability, and it extends to our work on capitol hill, where we continue to advocate for meaningful change.
at the national association of realtors® we believe that fairness is worth fighting for, and we won't stop until the fight is won. because that's who we are.
if you experience or witness discrimination in real estate, we urge you to report it. 
visit hud.gov/fairhousing to file a complaint with the department of housing and urban development.



































realtor® fair housing declaration
i agree to:

provide equal professional service without regard to the race, color, religion, gender (sex), disability (handicap), familial status, national origin, sexual orientation or gender identity of any prospective client, customer, or of the residents of any community.
keep informed about fair housing law and practices, improving my clients’ and customers’ opportunities and my business.
develop advertising that indicates that everyone is welcome and no one is excluded;, expanding my client’s and customer’s opportunities to see, buy, or lease property.
inform my clients and customers about their rights and responsibilities under the fair housing laws by providing brochures and other information.
document my efforts to provide professional service, which will assist me in becoming a more responsive and successful realtor®.
refuse to tolerate non-compliance.
learn about those who are different from me, and celebrate those differences.
take a positive approach to fair housing practices and aspire to follow the spirit as well as the letter of the law.
develop and implement fair housing practices for my firm to carry out the spirit of this declaration

links:
nar fair housing
that’s who we r fair housing assets
nar changes to article 10




























national center for dispute seettlement for buyers & sellers




they handle dispute resolutions between buyers and sellers re issues such as sellers disclosure statements, etc.
website: www.ncdsusa.orgphone: 586-226-2470
 



dmca notice




click here for dmca exhibit a
 



realtor action center




as a busy professional on the go, nar has developed the realtor action center mobile app to make it easy and convenient to contact your elected officials before they make decisions that impact the bottom line of realtors like you and your customers. download the app now!

find the realtor action center on facebook.
we are the realtor® party: an energized movement of real estate professionals fighting to keep the dream of homeownership alive for this country.
contributions are not deductible for federal income tax purposes. rpac contributions are voluntary and used for political purposes. you may refuse to contribute without reprisal or otherwise impacting your membership rights. for individuals investing $1,000.00 or greater, up to 30% of this total investment may be forwarded to the national association of realtors® rpac. all amounts forwarded to the national association of realtors® rpac are charged against the applicable contribution limits under 52 u.s.c. 30016. nothing herein shall be construed as a solicitation of contributions from non-members. a copy of the federal report, filed by national rpac with the federal election commission, is available for purchase from the federal election commission, washington d.c.20463. state reports are filed with the michigan secretary of state, elections division, lansing, michigan
 



resources for buyers and sellers











seven reasons to work with a realtor
https://www.mirealtors.com/portals/0/documents/7reasons.pdf
realtor magazine
https://www.nar.realtor/magazine
the everything guide to buying your first home - houselogic
https://www.houselogic.com/buy/how-to-buy-step-by-step/home-buying-steps/
6 reasons you should never buy or sell a home without an agent - realtor.com


https://www.realtor.com/advice/buy/why-you-should-use-realtor/














10 must - ask questions when choosing a real estate agent - u.s. news & world report
https://www.realtor.com/advice/buy/why-you-should-use-realtor/
being a realtor® makes a difference
realtors® are members of the national association of realtors® who are bound by a code of ethics while helping you navigate one of the most complicated and important transactions you’ll make in your lifetime.
ethics, expertise and education – the realtor® difference at work for you. 

7 things to never, ever do when buying a home - realtor.com
https://www.realtor.com/advice/buy/things-to-never-do-when-buying-home/

 



registering to vote





click on the helpful topics below for more information!
am i registered to vote?absentee voter ballotonline voter registrationview ballot by county, jurisdiction & precinct
*work the polls!
to register to vote, you must be all of the following:

a u.s. citizen
at least 18 years old by election day
a resident of michigan
a resident of the city or township where you are applying to register to vote.

if you want to check to see if you are registered, visit www.michigan.gov/vote. there you will find information about registering to vote and voting, voting equipment, polling place locations, state and local ballots, the candidates, campaign finance and more. your local clerk can help with questions about your voter registration, polling place location and working at the polls.

 



cpix commercial properties exchange




commercial property search
 



housing statistics




need michigan residential home sales data? michigan realtors® gathers and provides the latest industry data.
https://www.mirealtors.com/housing-statistics
 










 












© 2025 mason oceana manistee board of realtors
 | 
site by growthzone



























mason oceana manisteeboard of realtors®









phone




231-845-1896 










address & map




409 w. ludington ave., suite 203ludington, mi 49431 













resources






faq
privacy policy 
terms and conditions









socialize









facebook



















 © 2025 mason oceana manistee board of realtors.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 















