





gcm | global cargo manager































(877) 890-2295

contact

track







services


how we differ


company

enroll now
login











instant global rate quoting

                                instantly quote ltl, international air/parcel as well as full and partial containers for import and export.


                                enroll now & receive quotes


















established & trusted
since 2000




















services
ltl
air freight
ocean
intermodal
visibility


ltl




shipping ltl can be confusing if you aren't an expert on the carriers rules tariffs. terms such as cubic capacity, commercial vs non-commercial service, lineal feet and many others can cause your rates to go through the roof. working with global cargo manager's leading edge technology and highly rated customer service team gives you the answers to all your shipping questions
 


5 pallets, 5,000# vs volume ltl

                                                        determining the right mode and pricing for your shipment is made easy with global cargo manager. your shipments are managed by our experienced logistics team. shipment too large for ltl, we help you determine by comparing carrier's back-haul lanes with true ltl rates.
                                                    


no nmfc no freight class ltlprefer to ship your goods via air ride, and not have to hassle with nmfc numbers? ship using our gcm freight. utilizing local pick up and delivery agents and direct line haul carriers we are able to offer service without requiring nmfc or freight class
enroll online

                                                        contact cs@aeslogistics.com
                                                        for quotes and service questions.
                                                    





air freight










domestic: expedited service
"need it there faster" service is gcm's time-definite guaranteed expedited service. shipping your urgent orders requires planning and execution 24/7 to insure your goods arrive on time, in good order. when shipping with this service your shipment arrives on-time or it's free! ship with confidence when booking through our "need it there faster" service.


international: door to door or airport service
international air shipments take an expertise not provided by all companies advertising air freight services. a secured supply chain is a requirement per tsa rules and regulations. as your partner, aes will ensure your shipment moves to its destination to meet your delivery requirements. air freight, dhl or ups services available. 

                                                        contact cs@aeslogistics.com
                                                        for quotes and service questions.
                                                




ocean




aes worldwide operates as a licensed and bonded nvocc and oti forwarder managing your import and export ocean shipments. as a member of the universal freight organization we provide you access to 330 offices in 110 countries to make your ocean shipping easy and convenient.





global cargo manager provides you an instant rate quote for a lcl or fcl shipment. quotes take a matter of seconds eliminating the normal wait times when working with other forwarders.  you can get import fcl from asia to door in the us or export lcl / fcl to over 1,300 foreign ports with a single click of the mouse. 
contact worldwide@aeslogistics.com for quotes and service questions





intermodal




the ability to move your full loads via intermodal can not only save you hundreds (sometimes thousands of dollars) when compared to over the road service. 





if you aren't familiar with the benefits of intermodal, here are a few

price saving
transit times have greatly improved over the years and are now at times close to the same or a day longer than normal otr
consistent transit time to meet your just in time product needs
service is door to door just like otr

in our experience we have had tremendous success with consistent lane movements. shipments pick up at a shipper in washington every tuesday and deliver in michigan every monday like clockwork. one time only intermodal shipments or regularly scheduled loads, you are in good hands with our intermodal program

                                                        contact cs@aeslogistics.com
                                                        for quotes and service questions.
                                                




visibility




if your current provider doesn't give you a clear view of your shipments, no matter the mode, it's time to switch to global cargo manager.  we have spent a substantial amount of time and financial investment into visibility of your shipments.





if you aren't familiar with the benefits of intermodal, here are a few



live tracking for all modes of transportation (ltl, truckload, intermodal, ocean, and air) you see what the most current status is
full integration with carriers through our proprietary technology which updates every hour of the day so you know your shipment status
proactive email notification of shipment reweighs. know within the hour of a carrier reweigh





                                                                    your tracking page gives you:
                                                                    

                                                                            rate quote that your shipment was booked at
                                                                        
                                                                            invoice amount (and copy of invoice)
                                                                        
                                                                            explanation on the tracking page if your rate quote and invoice do not match (i.e. carrier reweigh or reclass or an additional accessorial charge)
                                                                        
                                                                            images of bols, pods and carrier reweighs (eliminates having to request)
                                                                    




if visibility has been the reason why your company hasn't partnered with a third party logistics company, global cargo manager is here to show you our difference. 

                                                        contact cs@aeslogistics.com
                                                        for quotes and service questions.
                                                














how we differ
domestic u.s. agent program
media information
private label


domestic u.s. agent program




build your logistics business utilizing global cargo manager's state of the art technology, our carrier pricing program for ltl, intermodal, truckload and ocean, air and international dhl and fedex programs.






enroll onlineprogram includes



                                                            extensive in-house and continuing education
                                                        global cargo manager's powerful ltl, intermodal, int'l ocean and air rating
generous profit margin profit split
technology that allows you to manage by exception providing you more hours to generate new business and grow your current customer. 
representation on globalcargomanager.com to generate new leads
corporate credit and collections 
no franchise fee or technology fee removed from your profit split
fully licensed international and domestic freight forwarder
company has experienced 13 straight years of record revenue






media information




enroll online now







august 22, 2013**new service update** "need it there faster" service rolls live on gcm. guaranteed, expedited service offers enables your shipment to deliver on-time or it's free. 

july 24, 2013gcm now notifies shippers when a carrier reweighs a shipment. this is important information to know while the shipment is still in-transit.
july 16, 2013inc 5000 announced today that aes logistics has been named to the top 5000 fastest growing companies list for 2013. this is the 3rd year in a row for aes logistics!
june 25, 2013utilizing a database of over 75,000, gcm released the ltl carrier on-time statistics for users to compare with each rate quote. knowing which carrier performs better in each lane enables assists in making an informed decision on important shipments.
june 21, 2013aes logistics has been selected by seattle business magazine as a top 100 companies in the state of washington. congratulations to all our team members for this tremendous award proving that your hard work and effort moves aes forward - everyday.
june 12, 2013nationwide instant ltl refer/frozen rate service added to gcm
may 30, 2013new non-login tracking link added to the home page. track by carrier pro or shipment id.
may 22, 2013we welcome spee dee delivery, davis cartage, and custom freight into our carrier program guide.
may 6, 2013
                                                        global cargo manager announces integration agreement with aljex software that provides aljex customers with instant door to door intermodal rates and services.
                                                




private label




the ability to present your customers with an on-line rate search tool has become the minimum requirement in today's technology age. integration with legacy systems takes specialized programming. global cargo manager provides this ability.





need integration in your tms system, our api provides you access to all services (ltl, rail, and import/export ocean for fcl and lcl). quote, book and track your shipments. 
to learn about how global cargo manager's private label program can grow your business contact bob schwieger raschwieger@aeslogistics.com or call 877-890-2295 x 105















company
our history
licenses


our history






13 straight years of revenue growth says it all about aes logistics' ability to remain in the forefront of the logistics industry. during these 18 years aes has been enshrined into the puget sound business journal's fastest growing privately held company hall of fame as well as multiple times on the inc 5000 list.
hold an a+ bbb rating as an accredited business
in 2006 aes joined ufo (universal freight organization) enabling us to provide local agents in 110 countries. this provides you with local representation on the ground where your vendors or customers are.
start generating quotes





licenses






                                                    washington state corporation incorporated january 2000
                                                    fed tax id 91-220167 

                                                        mc # 377660
                                                        authority filing date: january 2000
                                                        scac (standard carrier alpha code): aesy
                                                        fcm nvocc # 020187
                                                        mc bond: 69622077 ' cna surety
                                                        contingent cargo insurance: $250,000 avalon risk
                                                        view terms & conditions here

start generating quotes















contact us



(877) 890-2295
send us an email »

sales offices

dallas, tx
portland, or
monroe, wa
chicago, il
kansas city, ks
salt lake city, ut
waco, tx
flint, mi
colorado springs, co
tulsa, ok
indianola, ia
orlando, fl
fort myers, fl



enroll online now



domestic services
                                                        us, canada, mexico, hawaii, alaska and puerto rico cs@aeslogistics.com or
                                                        by phone 877-890-2295 option 2
                                                    

international services for import or export
worldwide@aeslogistics.com or
                                                        by phone 877-890-2295 option 1
                                                    

accounts payable
ap@aeslogistics.com or
                                                        by phone 877-890-2295 option 3
                                                    

accounts receivable
ar@aeslogistics.com or
                                                        by phone 877-890-2295 option 4
                                                    

mailing address:
                                                        2505 south 320th street ste 625
                                                        federal way, wa 98003
                                                        206-653-7662 phone
                                                        206-653-7882 fax
                                                


















                                    gcm is a product of








© 2013 global cargo manager | privacy policy














