





easy photo slide show and sharring softare.














 




 

 









 

 




 





























 













 

 


























 


 


 

products no longer available



support for existing purchases will be available until march 31 2014
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 





imagematics stillmotion software - bringing your images to life 
flash, web and video - slide show animation and sharing software for for everybody!
 welcome! its easy to create the professional look with imagematics tools.
products no longer available
create and share photo slide shows and virtual tours for personal use, real estate and professional photographic applications. our creative photo slide show tools are for the beginner through the expert professional. our easy to use photo slide show tools provide for the creation of compelling multimedia for flash slide shows, web, authoring, real estate, photography, video and any application where you want to create hi-impact content from still digital images and show and share it through any media.
with our contact sensitive help and animated tutorials, and templates everybody can create compelling content to show and share. no knowledge of flash or other web technologies are needed to produce professional and exciting results with stillmotion products. visit our demo are and galleries to see what you can create! 
all our products produce flash (swf) and their native output format and provide quality video for those who wish to create dvds, publish to youtube, create streaming media or video applications.


 

    

 



 
stillmotion personal edition
slide show -animate-share
product no longer avaliable

product description 
features
applications 
demos
download

 easily combine text, images, audio, artwork and flash files to show and share any way you choose.
pe is the easiest to use and most full featured and economical (we mean its a bargain!)flash and video based presentation tool available.
create a professional and exciting multimedia show from your images with a few easy click and then you can use our single click publishing to create:

easy to share and show movies either in flash or video
use our east template and create perfect youtube movies to show friends, family colleagues and the world!
create web pages and swf (flash files)
auto play cd rom
self extracting executable movies for compelling projected shows
screen savers for you, and friends and family
 video for dvds and other applications

add your images, movies, graphics and sound and stillmotion pe will give you the easiest to use tools to build and share your your exciting multimedia movies.

lots of transitions
text animation
buttons and hot spots 
full pan and zoom animation
great skin editor
vcr navigation controls
visual navigation creation and menu tools 
multi track sound and narration
movie in a movie
templates 
and much more

take a look at our demos and what other people have done and you will quickly see that pe can let you bring your images to life and show them off to the world. 


stillmotion pro

web content developer 
product no longer available

product description 
features
applications 
demos
download 
stillmotion pro contains all of the features of pe plus's powerful web actions and text variables and digital camera efix support. with stillmotion pro you can build powerful web applications which provide links to web sites, other flash movies and shows, e-mail asp and php scripts and incorporate content extracted from digital photos or user created. 
you can: 

create advanced flash projects without knowing flash  
record on-screen activity with our free utility 
create buttons and controls that link to downloads, video and audio 
generate high impact flash text effects 
animate your work and add interactivity 
output small files sizes to share via the web, cd-roms, youtube and email 
comes with valuable bonus downloads including screen-activity movie maker, audio editor, and lots of graphics, frames, icons 

applications for stillmotion pro include: 

create professional flash & video presentations 
create virtual tours for real-estate sites 
build digital photography sites that let customers order images and display all camera data as well as building contact sheets with image names automatically included plus user selection 
create product marketing sites that can interact with shopping carts 
generate demos, tutorials and simulations and more 
produce multimedia web sites, slide shows, animated banners, buttons 






all our products are vista compatible and will take full advantage of dual core systems. please explore our web site, view the demonstrations, and galleries, look over our tutorials and instruction. we are always ready to answer your questions. 


  

information@imagematics.com 
  copyright net<x>corporation, all rights reserved 





 







 


