



children's academy - mclean preschool, childcare & summer camp














children's academy
"active minds, busy hands & smiling faces" 





preschool & childcare in mclean  - northern virginia
the children's academy program provides experiences in music, drama, creative movement, carpentry, cooking, water and sand play, sensory development, math, science, language and reading readiness, phonics and large & small muscle development. while providing all of these enriching experiences, we never forget that a positive self concept is what will help prepare your child for a successful and happy future. known as the best early childhood education preschools in the area, teachers have advanced degrees & offer quality education.
mclean - 571-455-7402            




















mclean


 
 



 






-... we are available for your calls & emails. schedule a tour now.
   -... email a registration form (no fee) and we will keep you on a waitlist. thanks.



mclean children's academy - mca
tour & open house information



enrollmca@childrensacademy.com

                    we look forward to seeing you soon.
571-455-7402


searching for the best childcare in mclean, contact our preschool now!
covid policies
in the meantime, please view our take a tour video, and email us with your interest.


6900 elm st - mclean - va - 22101

proudly serving mclean families since 1983  ..


 


 

preschool education and childcare         ...
mca does not offer infant care.  - our programs begin for children age 2.6 and older.





fullday preschool 7:30am-6pm
summer camp
may add lunch
degreed teachers - ratio of better than 8 to 1



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
more details on mclean children's academy  .................... 





daily schedule
each day is composed of both structured learning in age appropriate grouping and mini-sessions. the day begins with circle, at which time the children are grouped according to age. after circle, each teacher opens a mini-session. with the instruction and direction of their teachers, the children move from one session to another, participating in all activities with increased enthusiasm. the mini-sessions encourage children to work on tasks of interest and give them the opportunity to complete their tasks.

home
previous
next


registration information
  

are you interested in having your child join our school?
while we know that the placement of your child in preschool is one of your most important decisions, we hope to make the process easier for you. we're happy to answer all your questions to help you find the best program for your child.

call us - we can answer your questions easily that way.
send us an email.
fill out an application form
come in for a personal tour or to an open house
select the program of your choice. 
we register in winter & spring for the next september.
if you are looking for immediate placement, please contact us for possible availability.          


home previous next
 
registration forms for  mclean children's academy ..................   
          mca spring program pictured here: 
          
home
previous
nexthome previous next

testimonial for mclean "mca"
mclean children's academy was founded in 1981, and we have graduated hundreds of happy children. central in mclean, we are close to the library & community center. our school is small and very personal and yet our teachers are some of the most well qualified in the area. you will be pleasantly surprised when you come to visit. we have open house dates in november & january, or you can call for a tour. 





"a fun setting to meet new friends - charlie
our experience at mca has provided all that we could have hoped for our kids and more. the intimate environment at mca gave them the opportunity to develop emotionally, a fun setting to meet new friends and foster relationships and an academic program that got them ready to be ahead of the game when the time came for kindergarten.
            





i'm a big fan of the school
 - erika
i'm a mother of three children, who all attended mclean children's academy for their preschool years, and i'm a big fan of the school. although the "little blue house on elm street" might seem small to an adult initially walking through it, the preschool is very creative with its space and has the children making use of every center on a daily basis. while the playground and all of its equipment have been a favorite of all three of my children, it's the balance of creative activities, academic learning and language awareness that have been my favorites. my youngest daughter "graduates" this spring and just like her brothers, i anticipate she will be completely prepared for her upcoming kindergarden year.






"we are happy you had space for our son." - bindu
we visited many, many preschools in the area and none of them seemed to "click" for us.  either they were too big and did not have the warmth we were looking for, or they seemed too much like daycare centers rather than preschools. we fell in love with mca, and were  happy that you  could accomodate our son. 





 
other testimonials - click here

home
previous
next


more testamonials
 





"extremely warm & nuturing environment" - mike cca dad  my daughter spent two years at cca & had the best experience, not only did she learn so much in preparation for kindergarten, but has made some really nice friends who she continues to spend time with. the teachers are fabulous, they really take time with your child, helping them to learn & grow. this isn't only preschool, but an extremely warm, nurturing environment. 



"they recognized his abilities" - ethan's mom.. my son spent 3 years at cca. during his time there, he grew so much emotionally and academically. his pre-k teacher recognized his abilities and love of learning, working with him based on his capabilities. he graduated from cca both reading & writing at 4 years old. when he started kindergarten he was well prepared, had mastered skills needed and continued his academic growth at a comfortable pace.




"there is simply not a better preschool around."- cca mom
we are very pleased to be back at cca with our second child after having a wonderful experience with our daughter. it speaks volumes that most of the current teachers have been at cca for years & that many families come back with younger siblings. we had done a thorough research before choosing this preschool for our kids. the setting is beautiful, program excellent and the teachers are dedicated, fun, and just wonderful with the kids.




katie - cca mom  the teachers, who are also moms, make sure that these precious moments are not forgotten. they have many different events throughout the year...muffins with mom, the halloween parade, football breakfast with dad, valentine's day party, etc. etc. there is a touching yearbook, "keepsake" artwork and  lots of photos of my child & friends. when i think of my dream preschool experience for my children, it's cca. 
home
previous
next


here are a few other cute photos:home
previous
we love taking pictures. every year we do a school yearbook with up to 1000 photos of all the creative and fun activities that the children do. we will be adding to this page .....
 









art, science, stem, reading, math, creative play, learing is fun!









home
previous
 




 copyright © 1990 the children's academy



