






















 department of justice |  homepage | united states department of justice











            skip to main content
          













an official website of the united states government
here's how you know


here's how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock (   

lock
locked padlock



 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            
























utilities


our offices


find help


contact us








search





















menu
close






about







about







the attorney general






organizational chart






budget & performance






history






privacy program








our work




news







news







press releases






speeches






videos






photo galleries






blogs






podcasts








resources







resources







guidance documents






forms






publications






information for victims in large cases






justice manual






business and contracts








grants




employment







employment







why justice ?






benefits






doj vacancies






legal careers at doj












our offices


find help


contact us













 search 


























 








remote video url













video





              attorney general pamela bondi announces litigation against the state of new york
            




february 12, 2025













 








our history




learn about department of justice history from its beginnings in 1789 and the department's founding in 1870.













 








our work




the justice department’s mission is to uphold the rule of law, keep our country safe, and protect civil rights.  learn about our work.










action center



 

 



report a crime or submit a complaint



 

 



report and identify missing persons



 

 



find help and information for crime victims



 

 



register, apply for permits, or request records



 

 



locate a prison, inmate, or sex offender



 

 



learn how doj is working to protect voting



 

 



careers at doj



 

 



wanted fugitives



 

 



contact doj





more links






 






our mission


the mission of the department of justice is to uphold the rule of law, to keep our country safe, and to protect civil rights.
our values

independence and impartiality. we work each day to earn the public’s trust by following the facts and the law wherever they may lead, without prejudice or improper influence.
honesty and integrity. our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethical behavior, mindful that, as public servants, we must work to earn the trust of, and inspire confidence in, the public we serve.
respect. our employees value differences in people and in ideas and treat everyone with fairness, dignity, and compassion.
excellence. we work every day to provide the highest levels of service to the american people and to be a responsible steward of the taxpayers’ dollars.




history of the department of justice


by the numbers


 

7


litigating divisions



 

5


law enforcement bureaus



 

94


u.s. attorneys’ offices



 

$3.2b+


grants to state, local & tribal partners









our work








 





doj components and agencies


the department of justice consists of multiple components and agencies dedicated to upholding our mission. 



view organizational chart








 





subject matter areas, initiatives, and programs


learn more about the work we do on a variety of focused topics.



more about our work











news







 press releasenevada woman pleads guilty to fraudulently seeking nearly $100m in covid-19 employment tax credits  a nevada woman pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the united states by making claims for refunds of false covid-19 related employment tax credits.

february 14, 2025

 press releasesaint vincents catholic medical centers of new york agrees to pay $29m to resolve alleged false claims act violations  svcmc inc., formerly known as saint vincents catholic medical centers of new york (saint vincent), has agreed to pay $29 million to resolve allegations that it violated the...

february 14, 2025

 press releasehead of commercial real estate investment firm pleads guilty in $62.8m investment fraud scheme  a new york man pleaded guilty yesterday in the northern district of georgia for his role in a scheme to defraud investors in connection with two commercial real...

february 13, 2025

 press releasejustice department announces successful conclusion of agreement with evangeline parish sheriff’s office to ensure constitutional policing  the justice department announced on tuesday the successful conclusion of the united states’ agreement with the evangeline parish sheriff’s office (epso) in louisiana to end its pattern or...

february 13, 2025

 press releasejustice department secures $360,000 settlement in sexual harassment lawsuit against new mexico property manager and apartment complex   the justice department announced today that the owners and former property manager of a federally subsidized apartment complex in albuquerque, new mexico have agreed to pay $360,000 to...

february 13, 2025

 press releaseohio-based supplier of aircraft parts and three employees charged for illicit export scheme involving russia  flighttime enterprises inc., an american subsidiary of a russian aircraft parts supplier, along with three of its current and former employees, have been charged federally with crimes related...

february 13, 2025









more news




from our most wanted files





arnoldo jimenez 
fbi field office:
    chicago
  
 
wanted for:
      arnoldo jimenez is wanted for allegedly killing his wife…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
vitel'homme innocent 
fbi field office:
    miami
  
 
wanted for:
      vitel'homme innocent, as leader of the gang kraze…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
omar alexander cardenas 
fbi field office:
    los angeles
  
 
wanted for:
      omar alexander cardenas is wanted for his alleged…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
wilver villegas-palomino 
fbi field office:
    houston
  
 
wanted for:
      wilver villegas-palomino is a ranking member of the…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
ruja ignatova 
fbi field office:
    new york
  
 
wanted for:
      ruja ignatova is wanted for her alleged participation in a…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel 
fbi field office:
    baltimore
  
 
wanted for:
      bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel is wanted for allegedly…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
alexis flores 
fbi field office:
    philadelphia
  
 
wanted for:
      alexis flores is wanted for his alleged involvement in the…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
alejandro rosales castillo 
fbi field office:
    charlotte
  
 
wanted for:
      alejandro rosales castillo is wanted for his alleged…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
donald eugene fields ii 
fbi field office:
    st. louis
  
 
wanted for:
      donald eugene fields ii is wanted for the alleged sex…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
yulan adonay archaga carias 
wanted for:
      yulan adonay archaga carias is charged federally in the…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
kun jiang 
dea field office:
    new york southern
  
 
wanted for:
    fentanyl importation conspiracy, fentanyl trafficking and…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip
oscar noe medina gonzalez 
dea field office:
    new york southern
  
 
wanted for:
    :   continuing criminal enterprise (cce) fentanyl…locations: unknown, unknownmore details/submit a tip









































u.s. department of justice950 pennsylvania avenue nwwashington dc 20530















contact the departmentphone: 202-514-2000tty/tdd: 800-877-8339














signup for email updatessocial media



twitter





facebook





youtube





instagram





linkedin

























about
archives
foia













accessibility
legal policies & disclaimers
privacy
for employees













office of the inspector general
no fear act data
vulnerability disclosure













español
vote.gov

have a question about government services?

contact usa.gov
















        top
















