


capital gains





 










     
					tax lot accounting terms
     



  
						gainskeeper home   








• capital gains


• cost basis


• corporate action


• merger


• qualified dividend


• spin off


• stock split


• schedule d


• wash sale










 capital 
											gains







definition of capital gain
a capital gain is the profit realized from holding a 
									security.  a short-term capital gain is the profit realized on a security 
									held for one year or less.  a long-term capital gain is the profit 
									realized on the sale of a security held for more than one year.
how to calculate short and long-term capital gains
the basic rule for calculating capital gains is the sales price minus the cost 
									of selling less the adjusted tax basis (cost 
										basis), which equals the taxable capital gain or loss.
the general principle is that a taxpayer must net short-term capital gains 
									against short-term capital losses to get a total short-term capital gain or 
									loss. then net long-term capital gains against long-term capital losses to get 
									a total long-term capital gain or loss. finally, net the total short-term 
									capital gain or loss against the total long-term gain or loss.
								
if the result is a capital loss, whether short-term or long-term, up to $3,000 
									of it (or up to $1,500 for married people filing separately) can be deducted 
									from ordinary income. if capital losses exceed this amount, an investor can 
									carry them over and deduct them in subsequent years until they are used up. 
									 short-term and long-term capital loss carryovers retain their short or 
									long-term character when they are carried over.  this implies that in a 
									subsequent year a long term capital gain cannot be reduced by a capital loss 
									carryover and the taxpayer may end up paying a tax on that gain.
how capital gains tax is calculated
short-term capital gains are taxed as ordinary income. therefore, the nominal 
									tax rate will be whatever tax bracket the investor is in.
								
the majority of people now only have two capital gains tax rates to worry about 
									- 5 percent and 15 percent. long-term capital gains are taxed at 5 percent for 
									taxpayers in the 10 or 15 percent income tax bracket overall and 15 percent if 
									taxpayers are in any other tax bracket. the long-term capital gains are 
									included when figuring out the investor's tax bracket. however, the 5 percent 
									or 15 percent rates do not apply to all long-term capital gains. long-term 
									capital gains on collectibles, some types of restricted stock, and certain 
									other assets are instead subject to a minimum 28 percent rate.
								
it is important to note that corporate 
										actions change the cost basis of a security.  it cannot be assumed 
									that the purchase price is the cost basis.  it is important to track 
									corporate actions because otherwise investors can significantly overstate 
									capital gains increasing tax costs.  they can also understate capital 
									gains leaving them liable for back taxes, interest and other penalties.
wash sales  pose 
									another challenge in calculating capital gains tax. a wash sale is trading 
									activity in which shares of a security are sold at a loss and a substantially 
									identical security is purchased within 30 days. the subsequent purchase could 
									occur before or after the security is sold, creating a 61-day window. a wash 
									sale will defer losses (possibly increasing capital gains tax due) and increase 
									the cost basis of the new tax lot.
generally, the proceeds of any stock, bond, or other securities sold during the 
									year will be reported on irs form 1099-b by the brokerage or financial 
									institution that carried out the sale.
								
tax considerations can complicate market capital gains and losses
long-term capital gains:  as of may 6, 2003 (through 2008), the 
									long-term capital gains rate has been reduced to 15 percent for taxpayers in 
									the 25 percent and higher income tax brackets and to 5 percent for those in the 
									10 and 15 percent income tax brackets. if these capital gains were realized 
									before may 6, 2003, they are subject to the old capital gains rates of 20 
									percent for those in the 25 percent and above income tax brackets and 10 
									percent for those in the 10 and 15 percent tax brackets.  the higher the 
									income, the greater the spread is between the ordinary tax bracket and the 
									capital gains tax rate.
for securities sold before may 6, 2003 which were held for more than five years, 
									the tax rate is 8 percent.  the chart below shows tax brackets and the 
									corresponding long-term capital gains tax rate.






 tax bracket
long-term capital gains rate (%)







pre may 6, 2003
post may 6, 2003


10% / 15%
10%
5%


15% +  
20%
15%


10% / 15% and 5% property
8%








example:  an investor in the 33 percent tax bracket trying to decide 
									whether to sell 100 shares in stock a that she purchased nine months ago or 100 
									shares of stock b she purchased two years ago, when both are going to generate 
									a capital gain of $5,000, would find the amount she actually keeps is quite 
									different depending on which she sells. selling stock a would result in a 
									short-term capital gain taxed at her 33 percent ordinary income level for a 
									total tax of $1,650.  if she sold stock b she would have a long-term 
									capital gain taxed at the capital gains rate of just 15 percent for a total tax 
									of $750.  she saves $900 in taxes by selling stock b.
harvesting for losses:  given the rapid climb and subsequent fall of 
									the stock market over the last few years, many individuals are likely to have a 
									few holdings in their portfolios that are near worthless. from a tax 
									standpoint, selling these holdings can generate losses, which may help offset 
									capital gains to further reduce tax costs.
								
example:  an investor who purchased a stock at $100 per share in 
									1999, which is now trading at just $2 per share, could realize $10,000 in 
									long-term losses. this loss could be written off against up to the same amount 
									in capital gains from other investments sold during the year or up to $3,000 in 
									ordinary income. any amount that could not be realized as a loss in 2004 can be 
									carried forward to write off against capital gains or ordinary income in future 
									years.
								
designating investment sell methodologies:  another tax advantage 
									strategy is to use the specific id method to identify the tax lots most 
									advantageous to sell, rather than simply defaulting to the irs' first in first 
									out (fifo) method for stocks and average cost for mutual funds, which generally 
									are not the most efficient options for taxpayers.
								
example:  assume an investor is in the 25 percent income tax 
									bracket. in december 2001 he invested $10,000 in shares of qrs company.  
									his adjusted cost basis for those shares is $25 per share. in august 2002, he 
									purchased $5,000 more shares now with an adjusted cost basis of $50 per share. 
									in december 2004, with the share price now at $55, he decides to sell 100 
									shares.  if fifo is used, it would conclude that he had sold 100 of the 
									first shares he bought. his cost basis was $25 a share and he sold 100 shares 
									for $55 each, realizing a $3,000 capital gain ($55 less $25 times 100).
								
because he held the investment for more than one year and is in the 25 percent 
									income tax bracket, his tax on the $3,000 capital gain is $450. however, if he 
									had indicated to sell 100 shares from the tax lot he purchased in august 2002 
									with a basis of $50 per share, he would only have realized a capital gain of $5 
									per share for a total capital gain tax of just $75 ($55 less $50 times 100) 
									versus $450.  by using specific id, an investor has greater control over 
									tax liabilities and after-tax performance.
how gainskeeper can help investors calculate capital gains
gainskeeper provides automated tax lot accounting tools to help investors 
									calculate capital gains tax.  gainskeeper tracks investments and 
									automatically adjusts for wash sales and corporate actions. gainskeeper matches 
									tax lots and calculates capital gains and losses.  it also characterizes 
									capital gains and losses as short or long-term.  this information is then 
									used to produce the schedule d.














wolters kluwer
 gainskeeper© 
									privacy statement










