
iun - indiana university northwest




































skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university northwest
indiana university northwest
iu northwest













menu


future students
how to apply
schedule a visit
degrees and programs
tuition and costs
financial aid
scholarships
student advising
transfer students
veterans services



current students
canvas
one.iu
email
information hub
student accounts
register for classes
class schedule
bookstore
stay on track
commencement
get it help
student handbook



academics
degrees and programs
graduate programs
academic bulletin
learning resources
register for classes
library
adult education



student life
redhawk athletics
student activities
student government



news and events
all events
events calendar



about us
mission
campus directory
disability resources
community engagement
emergency preparedness
need to know
suggestions for iun
virtual tour
campus map
parking services


alumni and giving


apply now
visit
request information
a-z
español



homefuture studentshow to applyschedule a visitdegrees and programstuition and costsfinancial aidscholarshipsstudent advisingtransfer studentsveterans servicescurrent studentscanvasone.iuemailinformation hubstudent accountsregister for classesclass schedulebookstorestay on trackcommencementget it helpstudent handbookacademicsdegrees and programsgraduate programsacademic bulletinlearning resourcesregister for classeslibraryadult educationstudent liferedhawk athleticsstudent activitiesstudent governmentnews and eventsall eventsevents calendarabout usmissioncampus directorydisability resourcescommunity engagementemergency preparednessneed to knowsuggestions for iunvirtual tourcampus mapparking servicesalumni and givingapply nowvisitrequest informationa-zespañol


            become your best you
          
            invest in your future. earn a respected indiana university degree that will open doors and set you apart—all at a price you can manage.
          your future. your iu.
              iu northwest offers more than 70 different programs of study. not sure what
              to focus on? no problem. browse the list to find the right option for you.
            
              browse degrees and majors
            





























apply





















visit



















request information





find yourselfhere, you'll meet students from all parts of the region and all walks of life. we are proud to be the most diverse of all iu campuses with students of all ages, backgrounds, and beliefs. learn in an environment that mirrors the world around you.experience a vibrant, diverse communityopportunity awaitsgo beyond internships to experience real-world learning opportunities. whether you have plans to stay close to home after graduation—or settle across the country—we have the connections and resume-building opportunities to get you there.get real-world readygo far without going farwe are conveniently located in northwest indiana on 50 gorgeous acres, within 10 miles of the illinois state line. come pay us a visit and see why our smaller campus will prepare you for a bigger world.find out how





1:14
faculty:students




80%
receive financial aid




29,000
alumni







                   connect. thrive. soar.
                iu northwest admissions
                                        ready to find out more about our campus, or get started
                                        on your application? we'd love to chat! let us help you discover your best you.
                                    explore cost, financial aid, and scholarships
                                        part of our commitment to you is to make your education affordable, attainable, and realistic. explore all iu northwest financial aid and scholarship options.
                                    
give to iu northwest
                        with you by our side, our students become the region's future leaders, professionals and global
                        thinkers—the people who will shape tomorrow's landscape for the better.
                    give to iun



indiana university northwest resources and social media channels 

apply now
give to iun
request information




twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube
linkedin
flickr






contact, address, and additional links



 services  



about
request it service
departmental listing
español
library services
iucat
collaboratory



 find  



a-z
people directory
technology services
knowledge base
federal disclosures
career opportunities



 resources  



one.iu
canvas
email
campus virtual tour
faculty and staff
non-discrimination notice
having trouble accessing the content on this page?





indiana university  northwest

3400 broadway  gary, in 46408



888-your-iun  (888-968-7486) 
emergency 219-980-6501 
askiu

















accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university















