

uptown automotive







uptown-automotive.com


uptown automotive hobby shop 
formerly the biggest little new and used car showroom in central 
        new york 
                            






 


information:
 










news
free useless information -new-
model morsels
things you should know
opinions
promos
professional cars
promo perspective
sample models
some old trucks
model building tips
model making history

in memoriam

ebay listings





 


having 
                  trouble getting your model to come out just right? try these 
                  model building tips which we've learned over the years.
have 
                  you lost or damaged a critical part or panel? check out our spare parts 
                   page to see 
                  how we can help.
models 
                  make great gifts! browse our gift suggestions  
                  page for some creative ideas.
ever 
                  wonder when model making started? where was the first model 
                  making exhibit held? take a little trip into model 
                  making history with us.










			diecast replica of a 1956 ford "blitz buggy"

			(blitz buggy's were made in old forge,ny)


1978 dodge w series 4wd wrecker, modified from 
			mpc pickup and revell midnight cowboy wrecker kit. 


1951 chevy cattle truck. cab is resin, rack is kit 
			bashed, chassis is italeri opel blitz. 



1936 dodge suburban. a spec cast die cast model, 
			with the body cut off and replaced with a scratch built, real wood 
			body, crafted by conrad jurgens, of hannacroix, ny.








showroom:
   showroom, formerly located at 2007 genesee street, utica, ny, closed in 2014. we are out of the shop, and out of our minds, but not out of the hobby. we may still be reached by email: uptownautomotive@mac.com 
please inquire by email with your specific requests. thank you for your patronage.
 
        
			















 
 
								 uptown automotive is an automotive related, collector oriented hobby
                 shop, dealing in scale model cars, trucks, motorcycles, and automotive
                 memorabilia. some items are one of a kind, or may be out of stock
                 from time to time. 
page updated 1/2/2025 







