


great dane information, great danes, great dane lady | allergies in dogs, dog nutrition, hod. growth problems in dogs, yeast, knuckling over, bowed legs in dogs 



























greatdanelady.com
linda arndt ~ canine nutritional 
      consultant
      email: 











welcome 
          to - greatdanelady.com













homepage
articles
about us
family album
interview with linda
links
breeder's showcase
great great danes
artwork of linda arndt
consultations




















click 
                      on articles on the left  - or use the search 
                      box above.








 


 champion lore's favorite son 
 danny 
                          is the epitome of the breed. his kind and gentle expression, 
                          his undying 
dedication and great dignity makes him a true apollo 
                          of dogs. 
                        breeder: lorraine matherly - loredanes 
 

welcome to  greatdanelady.com, an educational website for care and feeding of all dogs  regardless of age, size or breed.  over  these past 15 years greatdanelady.com has become an award winning website and  it is very popular in the usa, canada and overseas. now i feel the time has  come to expand the website to incorporate other significant contributors in the  field of pet nutrition, behavior and training. after much consideration  i am honored to bring on board giulio ferrari, animal nutritionist, and amber  and seth corduan, who will be contributing authors and consultants on behavior,  training, and nutrition.

                      we will provide a venue for you and your veterinarian  to help enrich your pet's journey toward wellness and longevity. this  combination of expertise sets greatdanelady.com apart from all other " information  gathering" websites, because the information shared at this site is based  in certified education, research and years of firsthand experience in breeding,  feeding, showing, training and performance.   
click here for information on the great dane lady 
                      to meet our new contributors click on their link - giulio ferrari - amber & seth corduan.

 
how to use this website
on the left you will see tabs, click on articles for an index to all written
                        use the search box at the top of this page for specific topics
                      
blackwatch feed program -all ages, sizes, breeds - to maintain wellness


blackwatch feed programs for puppies 

blackwatch feed programs for  health problems or special needs

(ex: diarrhea, diabetes, cancer, hod, yeast infection, allergies, bowing/knuckling, wobblers, feeding pregnant bitches, 
                          feeding performance dogs, ibs, ibd etc)
 international pet food information for overseas

 
products designed and those recommended by the great dane lady are available through www.firstchoicenaturals.com and they ship priority mail 
                      usa and internationally.

 
 

for a personal phone consultation with the great dane lady or other nutritional and behavior/traininc consultants,   call  to schedule an appointment.  
                      1- 765-284-8288 or email: 1stchoicenaturals@comcast.net



the greatdanelady's favorite things for your dogs


warning! do not use jerky strips treats of any kind that are from china. this includes many brands found at petsmart and petco. they are making pets sick and many are dying and they are not being removed from the shelves!! read list of treats in this fda article



welcome to greatdanelady.com






welcome to my educational website for all breeds, sizes and ages. thank 
                              you for making this one of the most popular pet care websites 
                              on the internet. this website is a private website 
                              created for our puppy buyers. the information is relative 
                              to all breeds and it is one of the most comprehensive 
                              website for large and giant breed information in the 
                              web. it is my hope our puppy buyers/owners will find 
                              this information interesting and useful.

it is based 
                              in 40 years of personal nutritional research, feed 
                              trials, working in the pet food industry, developing holistic pet foods and supplements and raising, training and showinggreat danes, borzoi and pugs. over the years i have developed the core 4 philosophy of wellness, which is the basis for all of my feed programs.

                to date, there are 50 different blackwatch feeding programs, some are for general good health, while other are to  support  dogs with serious health problems. these feed programs are used by top breeders here and abroad in all breeds, sizes and ages. 

core 4 concept not only has provided life long wellness for our dogs, but extended their longevity. it is a concept that applies to humans as well, the core 4 nutrients are needed at very core of our  every day life for good health and well-being. i know from my own experience and those who use this program that it has keep our pets healthy and living longer. when i started in the breed a 6 year old great dane in the usa was a very old  dog. now with the advent of better foods and my philosophy of feeding it is not at all unusual to see great danes live to be 11, 12 or older. and they are still able to get up and function on their own. my last two elderly danes were 12+ something that was unhead of in the old days and they did not die of disease, but natural causes. in other words i had to make the decision that their quality of life was over due to their elderly condition. i can honestly say, in the past 25 years i have not lost a dog to any disease or cancer, only to plan ole old age.

                            thank you and enjoy! 
linda arndt - the great dane lady (plus a collie, sheltie, pickles the pug and some cats. 

information found at this site is not to be used in lieu of a veterinarians advice, diagnosis or treatment. if you are interested in something you read  discuss it with your veterinarian. this website is meant to be used for educational and entertainment purposes only." 










 a conversation with the great dane lady - interview 2011









 


  emergency clinics
 american 
                              holistic vet association directory



veterinarians in your area
store front for greatdanelady products



cat and kitten care


human 
                              nutrition information




 holistic nutrition does make a difference!


savanah before & after - systemic yeast infection

blackwatch feed program for systemic yeast removal 


cammie's story

what 
                        breed is this? the central indiana sheltie rescue was 
                        not sure that cammie was a sheltie because she was in 
                        such bad shape. if you think quality nutrition can't make 
                        a life changing difference in your pet, cammie is proof 
                        that nutrition is everything!! thank you to the scott 
                        family for sharing her dramatic photos after being on 
                        the blackwatch feed program. 

 cammie months later with her rescue 
                        family - cammie upper left looking pretty! 



 


this 
                        award is called a company of conscience award and 
                        it will be awarded to quality pet related companies that 
                        are family or independently owned and who are passionate 
                        about the health and welfare of our pets. their philosophy 
                        embodies "doing the right thing" first and are 
                        not driven by financial gain at the expense of our pet's 
                        health and welfare. these companies also in some way give 
                        back to their community and have a social conscience. congratulations 
                        to the recipients of this award - watch for it on the websites 
                        you visit. 


information on itchy skin, allergies, ear infections in  great danes, dobermans, labradors, golden  retrievers, collies, shelties, shetland sheep dogs, pugs 
information on growth problems, hod, ocd, pano, wobblers, hip dysplasia in great  danes, doberman pinchers, dobes, labrador retrievers, german shepherds,  mastiff, rottweilers, king shepherds, shiloh shepherds, bernese mountain dogs,  golden retriever, poodles, standard poodle, neapolitian mastiffs, bull mastiffs,  irish wolfhound, irish setter, borzoi, greyhound, alaskan malamute, akita.
cancer in great danes, boxers, dobermans, dobes, german shepherds,  labradors retrievers, golden retrievers. 
yeast infections, ear infections, in great danes, cocker spaniels,  australian shepherd, bearded collie, molossus, bichon frise, hound dogs,  boxers, toy breeds, cane corso, cavalier king charles spaniel, dogue de  bordeux, saint bernard, whippets, papillion, pomeranian, shih tzu, siberian  husky, brittany spaniels, japanese spitz, west highland white terrier,  terriers, toy breeds, working dogs, hunting breeds, non-sporting breeds, herding dogs. 
bladder infections, uti, incontinence in great danes, dobermans,  labradors, goldens, collies, shelties, pugs, puppies.  
 
 






 



 
 













greatdanelady.com is owned solely by blackwatch nutritional 
                consulting llc. permission 
                is granted to use this information for individual educational 
                purposes only. any other use of these materials for any other 
                purpose violates intellectual property rights. 
                the information 
                provided at the greatdanelady.com website is intended and 
                provided for education, research, entertainment and information 
                purposes only. this information is not intended to be used to 
                diagnose, prescribe or replace proper medical care. the information 
                described in these articles are not intended to treat, cure, diagnose, 
                mitigate or prevent any disease and no medical claims are made
note: all photographs sent to me will become the property of 
                blackwatch nutritional consulting llc and can be used for educational 
                purposes; website, seminars, publications, videos, books. all 
                names will be changed and photos cropped so as not to compromise 
                the integrity of the owner or breeder.

                note: vitamins and minerals are approved for pet use under aafco 
                guidelines, but all herbs are actually ‘unapproved’ 
                feed ingredients for pets. because of the fda vet division classifies 
                most herbs as drugs, it is hard to have safety data on any of 
                these types of products. that being said, there are pet owners 
                that have used herbs on their pets with positive results and believe 
                it to be safe. the lack of data one way or another would require 
                me to at least advise caution when using human supplements for 
                pets and you must talk to a veterinarian, preferably a holistic 
                veterinarian who is knowledgable about the use of specific 
                herbs and human products that may be mentioned or suggested at 
                this website. 





copyright 
                www.greatdanelady.com© 
                 
                199902011 all rights reserved. the content on this website is 
                not public domain. you may freely link to this site, but do not 
                have permission to add/copy the text to your home page.








legal 
            statement privacy 
            statement












































home 
          |about us | album 
          | interview | articles 
          | links | breeders 
          showcase | great great danes 
          | linda's artwork 
          | email: 
privacy statement 
          | legal statement
copyright © 2002- greatdanelady.com






