














the benefits of using learning style in learning management systems













































 
employee learning styles – lms systems

 



menu
 
employee learning styles & learning management systems








employee learning styles & learning management systems


cater to employees learning styles with learning management system software
companies spend billions every year hoping to more efficiently and effectively train employees and make them more valuable assets to the company. people learn best in different ways and their individual learning style can be used to increase the amount of learning that takes place. learning management system software should take the different learning styles into consideration as well as expose learners to the various different modes of presenting knowledge and offer a variety of methods for learners to demonstrate their knowledge. what the company hopes to gain by offering training and professional development is employees with greater knowledge about the work they perform, how their work fit into the overall working of the company and the thinking ability and problem solving skills needed to improve how the company works. if training and professional development is successful, the company will operate above its baseline, it will show continual improvement and the company will have a pool of proficient and effective employees to continue to make the company successful and profitable. to satisfy these ultimate goals, finding a learning management system that engage the learner, holds their attention, causes them to think and use knowledge in context as well as in novel ways and helps the company to develop into a culture where ideas, problems and solutions are open to discussion, shared and every voice valued for its input. using the various learning styles as part of the learning management system can provide the right learning environment and offer the desired benefits to a company.

people are usually categorized as being visual learning or learn best from seeing stimuli or content, auditory or those who learn best by hearing the content, or kinetic learners who learn best from movement or while moving around. however, experiential learning requires the deepest processing and is the best type of learning. the question for many is how can a learning management system incorporate these various learning styles and types of learning in to training and professional development. a learning platform that offers various presentation modes, learning activities, discussion and collaboration, and many ways of sharing the knowledge gained not only offer a more enriched type of learning but also offers learners more than their own perspective on the experience, differing views of what was gained from the experience and the group perspective and shared insight to provide a more enriched learning experience. an individual experiences both formal and informal learning and independent as well as social learning to gain the most from the learning experience. this type of experienial learning is taken back into the work environment and those in the shared environment will gain from the experience as well. the learning will continue because the learner has been equipped with the right learning experience to take their newly acquired knowledge and use it to think critically and solve problems in a more efficient and effective manner. the company, the workforce and the individual will all benefit from effective training and professional development designed for each learner to get the most out of the experience. does your current learning management system offer these advantages?
edit this page 














recent posts


top lms systems blog


recent commentsarchives

january 2016

categories

top lms systems




 


copyright 2025 | powered by wordpress | decent theme by mudthemes










