

vw accessories & styling , worldwide mailorder
































































all golfs
audi
corrado
mk1 golf
mk2 golf
mk2 jetta
mk3 golf
mk4 golf
mk5 golf
new beetle
polo
seat
skoda
vw t4  (all variants)
vw t5 (all variants)





















































leave us your email
                                  address and we'll keep you up-to-date with new products and news















or
                            click
                                  here to remove your email address from our mailing list.
                            




















october 2024 
back in productionafter a brief hiatus due to a personal injury we are now back in production and taking orders.most items including our unique golf and corrado scuttle cover range are now back in full production and available to order now!swg motorsport was established in the early 90's and are very proud to have been continually trading for the last 30+ years.we are an automotive accessory supplier specializing in unique bespoke designs (unavailable anywhere else!) for the classic vw & audi watercooled range.we are essentially a design and  manufacturing company with an online shop and as such most orders are custom manufactured with a dispatch time of approximately 3-5 days (workload dependent), please bare this in mind when placing an order.if you are placing an order via our website we will endeavour to dispatch your order asap.in this climate of ever rising costs we are proud to help our customers and to date have not passed on any undue manufacturing costs.important: to help with delivery when placing your order can you please make sure you choose the correct delivery zone and to include a contact phone number for the delivery courier (this can be added to the paypal 'instructions to seller' section on the paypal page when completing your order).note:  unfortunately due to the the current customs situation in southern ireland where every order has been returned to us for no reason we unable to ship items to this area until further notice.deliveries to northern ireland are ok and processed as normal.thank you.for further delivery information or product enquiries you can contact us at -email  swgmotorsport@gmail.com  ormobile  07816451976thank you for your continued custom.best regards steve 

















click
                        on a picture for more information or to buy online






















big bumper air vents pair (currently out of stock)
mk2 golf, currently out of stock please do not place order.

swg has designed an air vents which fits into the mk2 golf front big bumper.

this ea......









£0.00
                                                
































new g60 twin inlet kit twin cone design (currently out of stock)
mk2 golf, [currently out of stock please do not place order.]
you are looking at a completely new and [revolutionary induction system designed from s......









£0.00
                                                
































new  full length smooth scuttle panel (rhd cars only)
corrado, [back in production] available to order

you are looking at another swg exclusive ! the corrado full length smooth scuttle panel, designed......









£109.95
                                                
































golf 2  air vent gauge pod
mk2 golf, [back in production]  available to order.

you are looking at the swg mk2 golf vent gauge pod which is designed to fit all mk2 golf's incl......









£41.95
                                                
































polo air vent pod 9n2/9n3 (insert only)
polo, [back in production]  available to order.

you are looking at the swg mk6 polo vent pod insert. the insert has been designed by us to fit......









£44.95
                                                
































g60 golf & rallye boost hose set (3 hoses)
mk2 golf, [back in production]  available to order.

due to the lack of availability and the fact that some of the o.e rallye & golf g60 boost hoses......









£195.95
                                                
































audi s3/a3 air vent gauge pod & housing
audi, you are looking at the swg audi s3 & a3 complete vent  pod assembly & insert which is designed by us to fit all mk1 audi a3/s3 models both p......









£69.95
                                                
































vw t5 air vent gauge pod (insert only)
vw t5 (all variants), [back in production]  available to order.

swg motorsport have expanded their range of unique vag gauge holders to incorporate a new model......









£44.95
                                                
































new mk2 golf smooth one piece scuttle panel
mk2 golf, [back in production]  available to order.


spurred on by the great success of our smooth corrado scuttle panel we thought it was about t......









£109.95
                                                
































new mk1 golf one piece scuttle cover
mk1 golf, [back in production]  available to order.

[we are very proud to offer our new mk1 golf smooth one-piece scuttle cover designed and manufa......









£109.95
                                                






























 swg
                                        motorsport latest news






update october 2024 back in productionwhen placing your order can you please make sure you choose the correct delivery zone and to include a contact phone number for the delivery courier (this can be added to the paypal 'instructions to seller' section on the paypal page when completing your order.)note:  unfortunately due to the the current customs situation in southern ireland where every order has been returned to us for no reason !! we currently unable to ship items to this area until further notice.deliveries to northern ireland are ok and processed as normal. 























 customer
                                extranet









login
                                          id
 
  
                                          password
 
  










interested in opening
                                  an account?  email us for
										more information at accounts@swgmotorsport.com












we accept the following credit cards - order online in complete confidencepaying
  by cheque?  click here to
  download our order form.





























top

home  
        |  contact us
          |   shipping
        info   |   terms &
        conditions
view basket
         
© swg motorsport  |  sales@swgmotorsport.com 
        |  designed by futurestore









