






sport aircraft association of australia













































































































 
 
















join saaa
 log in
my saaa
faqs
contact us


0 items
 












home
about

about saaa
our chapters and members
our culture
our governance
information papers – public


build, fly & maintain
safety

safety management
occurrence management
member support program


member benefits

overview
membership
safety
training
other benefits, services & programs


schools build project

saaa sponsored youth aircraft build and fly program
participating schools
build updates
the aircraft


shop
airsport news
classifieds
 





select page


  
 



 



 












welcome guest. if you have an account or you're a member please log in .



sport aircraft association of australia


we are a group of aviation enthusiasts, assisting each other to build, maintain and operate sport aircraft. we educate our members to continuously improve safety outcomes.
 

saaa is proud to sponsor the freedom formation display team and screaming diamonds, two groups of passionate aviators who embody the spirit of sport aviation.
 
 







apply for membership


freedom formation team




ausfly 2025 click to book


learn more about saaa


class5 medical survey




flight safety advisors


qbe insurance






saaa youtube channel











abc news article featuring saaa member

abc news article featuring a saaa member  
read more 








have you seen our latest information paper?

we have issued a new information paper - ipm cm 026-001 threaded eye bolts and rod ends. login to your membership and click on the link here. 
read more 








automatic dependent surveillance broadcast rebate program extension

we are pleased to advise, that an extension of the automatic dependent surveillance (ads-b) broadcast rebate program until 31 may 2024 has been confirmed. since the program was announced in 2021, financial support by the federal government has incentivised many... 
read more 








saaa – lowes air card application and fuel discount offer

following the announcement of skyfuel being acquired, we are pleased to announce that lowes air has joined with saaa to offer saaa financial members who currently hold a skyfuel air bp card to apply for a lowes air card, irrespective if you hold an abn or not. did you... 
read more 











if you’re thinking about building your own aircraft, then the saaa is your best starting point.
saaa is likely the most cost effective & expert supported environment to build, maintain & fly experimental category aircraft.
check out our aircraft build support program, and our type transition and re-current flight training program – saaa supports members with aircraft builds, flight ops and maintenance.












how can we help you?


contact us!



 








sport aircraft association of australia

phone: 02 6889 7777mailing address:po box 4071, londonderry, nsw 2753 australiaabn 65 176 969 964 | incorporation no: a0046510zcopyright & disclaimer statements


quick linksabout saaa
saaa chapters and members
saaa member support team
community forums
member information
technical reference centre
corporate reference centre
member support program
member air assist
member benefits
building, flying & maintenance
tcs, aps and fsas – find out who and where
qbe insurance offer for saaa members
risk radar
training
saaa on-line courses
saaa sponsored youth aircraft build and fly program
join saaa
renew membership
view/edit my account
view/edit my profile
submit occurrence report
view occurrence summaries
shop
faqs
contact us / support
 
















 


 


 

















































































