



pittsburgh society of illustrators















pittsburgh society of illustrators















search 

psi benefits 


our mentors 




join psi 

events 

calendar 



members 
affiliates 
login 






featured artist



	                            william m. vrscak								





student scholarships









welcome to the pittsburgh society of illustrators!
 
welcome to the official website of the pittsburgh society of illustrators (psi), one of the largest non-profit groups of illustrators in the nation. the society brings local illustrators together to facilitate artistic and professional growth, advocacy for artists’ rights, and the comradery and promotion of our collective pittsburgh talent.  with an enthusiastic volunteer base, psi maintains a lively schedule of regular meetups and special events designed to educate, engage, and recognize working illustrators and students alike.
all psi members and interested prospects and the public should click on the events icon above to stay informed on our busy calendar of events!  new programs, presently being organized by our board, will be announced once the dates are confirmed and will be available in persson and on zoom. included in current planning stages are a presentation by a children's book illustrator in february, and a major presentation by syndicated comic star and award winner wayno in may. news on these programs are forthcoming very shortly!
 winter socials will resume second tuesdays of the month at j. gough's, 4213 murray avenue pgh pa 15217 in squirrel hill (january 14, february 11, march 11, april 8, and may 13, 2025). socials start at 6:30pm. much discussion about the upcoming heinz history center exhibition 'my america: an illustrated experience' will occur at each social as well as other program planning. appetizers are provided by psi as individuals pay for their own beverages. read more

 
 

 
 


upcoming events


2025 program planning includes a presentation by a kidlit star in february organzied by laura garvin, and a presentation by one of our most notable long time members, wayno, in may. exact dates and details are unfolding soon on these programs.
 
full members will be staying abreast of developments concerning my america: an illustrated experience exhibition at the heinz history center on basecamp. questions ask kathy rooney me@krooney.net
 
the upcoming my america: an illustrated experience exhibition news
 
my america, an illustrated experience is a very exciting exhibition coming up for pittsburgh society of illustrators at the heinz history center commemorating america’s 250th semiquincentennial in 2026 and psi’s 30th anniversary. the exhibit will open in the fall of 2025 and run for at least 14 months through 2026. through individual illustrations created by psi members, the exhibit will help public audiences reflect upon american ideals such as freedom, resilience, democracy, independence, equality, rights, liberty, opportunity, diversity, self-government, and justice. psi will help heinz history center patrons appreciate how these ideals have been advanced throughout the course of american history. relevant items from the hhc collections will also be displayed next to some of the respective artworks.
 
psi expects the jurying for this exhibition to be set around mid-april to mid-may 2025. details tba.


 
 
 
 



recently updated




genevieve barbee - turner





thomas hoover





amelia kieras





jen martino





fred carlson





susan castriota





brian dumm





jeanine murch





kristine purcell sacco





april hartmann





june edwards





naomi lees-maiberg





lorrie anne minicozzi





dylan macko





ilene winn lederer




search for more



x
add to favorite collection



save
close



















		©2025 pittsburgh society of illustrators
		    |    
		pittsburgh, pa 15222
		    |    
		about psi
		    |    
		contact us
		    |    
		board members
		    |    
		newsletter
		    |    
		privacy policy
		    |    
		terms of use























