ï»¿



upscale bed & breakfast in the florida keys | the mermaid & the alligator






















































skip to content





phone icon (800) 773-1894 




link to facebook



link to twitter



















book now






×
make a reservation







have a question?
(305)294-1894












arrive )








depart 








rooms






adults






children






promo code




check availability











toggle navigation









our inn

our story
faq
gallery
m & a gardens


accommodations

accessibility
specials


loyalty program
amenities
key west

things to do
mallory square
fort zachary
events


contact us

location
policies


































romantic bed and breakfastin key west, florida









when a guest stays at a key west collection by riley property they can expect to receive excellent service from a team of dedicated hospitality professionals, a comfortable and memorable stay, and a host of wonderful amenities; all of which are included in the properties’ daily room rate. this means that no guest of ours will ever pay a resort fee or a credit card processing fee.  each of our historic properties in old town offer different and unique experiences that include but are not limited to activity planning and concierge assistance, access to refreshing swimming pools, breakfast, free wifi, bag storage, and great in-room amenities. here at the mermaid & the alligator we also offer a complimentary daily happy hour.  we guarantee that our advertised daily room rate is what you pay with no hidden fees or surprises and just one of the reasons why so many guests choose to “make new memories with us.”
 














welcome to the mermaid & the alligator
surround yourself with the casual elegance and style of a more relaxed age at the mermaid & the alligator, an intimate adults-only bed and breakfast with nine unique rooms in a victorian home tucked away in the heart of old town key west, florida.


                              learn more
                         



























image slide1, link to larger image, key west bedroom













our home is your home in key west

















personalized service
our home is "your home in key west." whether your plans take you to the beach, out snorkeling and diving, or touring the many shops, galleries, and restaurants of duval street, located just three blocks away, our concierge is here to help you get the most out of your key west vacation.

learn more


















one-of-a-kind experience
after a day of island adventures, come home and relax in the mermaid & the alligator gardens where lush foliage, beautiful tropical flowers, and exotic birds surround you. enjoy an afternoon nap in our oversized hammock or one of our comfy chaise loungers. on hot days, cool off with a dip in our plunge pool. 

learn more

































































 
keep in touch with what's happening
 
sign up now





















gallery


accessibility


policies


faq






footer navigation for mobile

navigation




















the mermaid and the alligator

729 truman avenue
key west,
33040
united states


 phone: 
(305) 294-1894


 toll free: 
(800) 773-1894 
















facebook
































hotel website designbyvizergy





scroll to top






call us


location


book now




































