









melissa kaplan's herp and green iguana information collection




















melissa kaplan's
herp care collection
last update january 1, 2020 




herp and green iguana information collection



 



information clusters
search this site
species:
amphibians
chelonians
crocodilians
cyclura
green iguanas
invertebrates
lizards
snakes
herp care
  & keeping:
behavior
captivity issues
clean/disinfect
conservation
education 
emergency preparedness
food/feeding
general herpetology
health
humor
pet trade
plants
prey
resources
for kids
parents & teachers
societies/rescues
using the internet
veterinarians
zoonoses 
help support this
  site
about melissa kaplan


by melissa kaplan
advance care directives
chronic neuroimmune
  diseases 
lyme disease & coinfections
blogs:
   lizards-in-scarves
 





if you want to dive right into the site to
    look for herp care information, find a reptile vet or a herp society, or
    check out the other information resources here, use the links on the left.
    information about the site itself, about me, and some other things some
    folks are interested in, check out information below.
 







the blue iguana recovery fund helps fund
    ongoing conservation efforts in breeding-for-release, community education,
    and habitat conservation programs in the cayman islands for the endangered cyclura lewisi.
    help support their work by making direct donations, or buy one of their new
    king blue bobbleheads!
also,
    check out a day
    in the life of a volunteer at the bir facility doing noosing,
    measuring, behavior observations and more



what does
  anapsid mean? 
  many people wonder why i chose such a goofy/strange/dumb name for my herp
  site. once you find out what anapsid means, i
  trust you won't find it so goofy, strange or dumb. 
email addresses
  to help prevent malicious harvesting of email addresses from this site, i
  have encoded email addresses with an exclamation point and blank space (! )
  after the @ (i.e., name@! isp.xxx or name@ !isp.xxx). to send email to those who have email links,
  you will need to first remove the exclamation point and space. read more about site rationale and accessibility...
rights
  & permissions
i
  reserve all rights to my work.
  veterinarypartner.com uses my
  material with my permission and my thanks.
the
  writer and her writings
  as will become apparent when reading many of my articles, i am an animal welfarist. i strongly believe that if humans are
  going to keep animals--in any setting--we have the responsibility, the
  obligation, to care for them properly. unfortunately, care information for
  many species now being imported is lacking, while information that exists for
  many others is so wrong that it would benefit those species if the
  information did not exist at all. 
all new animal keepers make
  mistakes. i feel that it is the responsibility of those who have walked that
  path before to share as much information as possible so that the newcomers
  will avoid the mistakes we made. hoarding information is as bad as hoarding
  animals. no one benefits, least of all the animals.
another personal point of
  view will also be seen to emerge in many of my herp writings. this particular
  point of view stems from the things i have had to learn, often the hard way,
  after being stricken with with several illnesses,
  including those that affect my neuroendocrine and immune systems.
while the ways in which i was
  exposed to chemicals and tickborne diseases may
  be unique for someone who was for so long a strictly urban creature, the fact
  remains that i am far from unique in a world where every living thing has
  become a guinea pig for the chemical stew which surrounds us every day and
  every night. stress exacerbates all illness and can make healthy people--and
  animals--ill. animals in captivity are under constant stress, even those kept
  in the most perfect of environments. and so you will see me make
  recommendations and cautions that are apparently contrary to everything else
  written by those who write about animal care. few of those authors, however,
  share my own experience and learning in these areas. my bottom line is always
  the health and functioning of the animals and their keepers. that is why my chronic neuroimmune diseases and lyme disease sites is are part of my anapsid site.
  
 




why help
  support this site?
  i had to take my site down in 2001 because of new traffic (bandwidth) charges
  assessed by my internet service provider. the world wide web and surfing the
  'net may be free other than someone paying an isp for access, but the www is
  anything but free for those providing content. veterinary
  information network stepped up and gave me a place to put my site back
  online, but there are still ongoing expenses that are tough to make when you
  are unable to work for a living. that's why i set up the support this site page: a way for herpers to get things they need while helping to keep
  this site on the web for everyone else to use.
 
site
  rationale, graphics, and accessibility
  to a larger extent, my site format and design decisions are based on some
  things most webmasters of individual sites don't take into consideration when
  designing theirs.
site
  rationale
this site is to help herp keepers and others learn about
  the captive care requirements of many types of reptiles and amphibians, as
  well as learn about their biology, health, behavior, conservation, and other
  matters relating to herps and the world we all live in.most
  of the information here is herpetological or herpetocultural
  in nature, including many of my articles and care documents, links to certain
  other sites, and some other things that i find important but that may or may
  not interest you. but that's the beauty of hypertext: you can always link
  out!
please
  take some time to familiarize yourself with the layout of this page and
  cluster pages at last count, there are over 1100 articles arranged in several
  thematic clusters. i do hope you will take some time to browse through the
  cluster pages (see the links to your left, which also appear at the bottom of
  every article page).
graphic
  images
many people note the paucity of graphic images at my
  site. that is intentional. most visitors are thankful that they don't have to
  wait for images to develop before they can get to the information or have to
  backtrack and turn images off in their browser and then remember to turn them
  back on again. bottom line is that there are still a goodly number of folks
  out there without high-speed modems and graphics capabilities or slow phone
  lines with no dsl in sight. whatever the reason, there is a significant
  number of people who don't want to wait for graphics that have little to do
  with the subject matter to load. there are many sites with wonderful graphics,
  so no one is being deprived. i've also received mail from some very phobic
  folks who were grateful they didn't have to shudder through pictures of
  snakes to get to the articles they were interested in. if you want graphics,
  check the graphics sites linked to my resources page.
accessibility
along with maximizing
  the load time while still providing comfortably readable formatted text, my
  second concern is to keep the site widely accessible. there are many websurfers out there who have autoimmune, visual or other
  disorders or impairments that make it impossible for them to use newer
  computers, or difficult to navigate a site with all the latest bells and
  whistles as well as lots of cute graphics, photos, java scripts, applets,
  etc. 
while many webmasters address
  the differences between browsers and mac vs. windows, most seem not to
  realize or care about those still using older computers, or unix or lynx. 
there are a huge number of
  disabled people and others who simply cannot afford to upgrade their
  equipment as often as they would like. since my site is all about providing
  information, its format and design is geared towards being easy to access and
  read for as many people as possible.
your
  personal information
your
  personal information is not collected when you access the anapsid.org website
  and its subsections.
 

 



www.anapsid.org/index.html
need to update a veterinary or herp
society/rescue listing?



amphibians


conservation


health


lizards


resources




behavior


crocodilians


herpetology


parent/teacher


snakes




captivity


education


humor


pet trade


societies/rescues




chelonians


food/feeding


invertebrates


plants


using internet




clean/disinfect


green iguanas & cyclura


kids


prey


veterinarians




home


about melissa kaplan


cnd


lyme
  disease


zoonoses 




help support this site


 


emergency preparedness



 
© 1994-2014 melissa kaplan
or as otherwise noted by other authors of articles on this site

 




