


return home



















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

contestdates
events& rules
returnhome
eventinfo
contact& email
individualonline registration
results
teamonline registration
auxiliaryregistration








  
				






 
 
 


 






join us in a spectacular journey with the sport of baton twirling at twirltacular championships

35 years of providing excellence in the twirling arena!

			entry forms & brochures for all twirltacular championships are located on the individual and team entry form pages of this website no props allowed in artistic twirl. baton(s) only.



twirlers from all organizations are welcome to participate in any twirltacular™ extravaganza event(s). there is no membership fee or special requirement. gymnastic moves are allowed and time limits are broad enough to cover all organizations.
 



 
 





what is all the buzz about twirltacular...
athletes from over 48 states have competed in twirltacular events.twirltacular is not an organization but a fun and unique twirling and dance competition that began in 1990. it's the first and only twirling championships that began providing a platform for all twirlers from all organizations and at every level to compete in one of the best twirling competitions in the country. open events welcome every twirling organization where all rules, regulations, judges and scoresheets are utilized and kept at professional standards.  twirltacular is.... twirling athletes, organizations, non organizations, teams, corps, recreation groups, marching groups, high schools, universities, coaches, judges, directors and parents from everywhere. what they have in common is a unique talent, personality, dedication to the sport of twirling, determination of it's success, and a strong desire to have fun, make new friends, and join together at this simply fantastic twirling competition that is offered in various states.twirlers like challenge and twirltacular challenges all twirlers to make the difference in 2024 and coming years. don't be left out! do something exciting & positive this year and each year to follow! twirltacular hopes you and your family will be able to join the fun at twirltacular extravaganza championships throughout the united states in 2025!!!twirltacular™ extravaganza is a registered trademark. any usage of the name must be approved by the trademark owner. any and all legal action will be utilized to the fullest extent to protect usage of the twirltacular name. 



 


 
 
 


 

copyright © 2025, twirltacular grand championships.
				all rights reserved.


