







plastic surgeon beverly hills | facial plastic surgery | julie edween d.o.























































skip to content









310.859.8885 | virtual consultation 

facebookinstagramtwitteryoutubefacebook share 



 














homefaceblepharoplastybrow liftbuccal fat removalchin/cheek implantfaceliftfat injectionsear surgerynoserhinoplastyethnic rhinoplastyrevision rhinoplastybreastbreast augmentationbreast liftcorrective breast surgerybodyabdominoplastybuttock augmentationliposuctionmommy makeovernon-surgicalchemical peelsfacetite/acutiteinjectable fillerbotoxdysportjuvedermlaserslip injectionsmorpheus 8skin resurfacinggallerycontactabout dr. edweenbloglocal informationvirtual consultation formcovid-19 update310.859.8885



 




 








natural beauty, refined through facial plastic surgery 
book your makeover 


 





 






homejulie edween2023-10-26t11:20:56+00:00 






you are extraordinary
beverly hills plastic surgeoni will help attain the body and face you have always dreamed of. i like being a woman, even in a man’s world. after all, men can’t wear dresses, but we can wear the pants. as a female surgeon in practice for over a decade, i’ll give you honest answers, procedures you can trust, and bring out the confidence behind your smile.








julie edween d.o.
board certified surgeondr. julie edween’s uncompromising standards and expert surgical skill balanced by her warm and approachable style has been showcased on discovery channel “plastic surgery beverly hills” and the learning channel’s “bodywork”.
meet dr.











services
uplift your beautydr. edween specializes in aesthetic cosmetic plastic surgery procedures including facelifts, blepharoplasty, browlifts, rhinoplasty, chin augmentation, otoplasty, breast augmentation, abdominoplasty, buttlock lift and liposuction.








 







abdominoplasty 
improve your appearance and give a more flatter, and contoured waistline. 
 




liposuction 
a body-contouring procedure to sculpt a more ideal shape. 
 




blepharoplasty 
restore that wide-open eyed look that conveys youthfulness and alertness. 
 




breast augmentation 
enhance the desire for larger breasts and your self-image. 
 




breast lift 
restore volume to a more youthful appearance. 
 




brow lift
the brows provide the framework and emphasize the eyes. 
 




butt lift 
a natural appearing shapelier buttock with curves in all the right places. 
 




chin/cheek implant 
enhance, sculpt your jawline and define your cheeks. 
 




corrective breast surgery 
improve symmetry and correct differences with precision. 
 




ethnic rhinoplasty 
an ideal change with natural balance and symmetry. 
 




facelift 
a rejuvenated and refreshed appearance is achieved through a facelift. 
 




injectables 
reverse the visible signs of aging with injectable fillers. 
 




morpheus 8 
a minimally invasive non-surgical procedure for facial rejuvenation. 
 




laser skin resurfacing 
promote vibrant and healthy looking skin in men and women. 
 




mommy makeover 
combine procedures that target those areas of post pregnancy concern. 
 




chemical peels 
powerful treatments that are designed for a variety of different skin conditions. 
 




rhinoplasty 
a rhinoplasty will refine the nose to blend with the rest of your facial features. 
 













you are a masterpiece
servicesdr edween is dedicated to helping each woman find their confidence, so that they feel more comfortable in the way they look and start enjoying and experiencing life.








facefacial surgery procedures aimed at restoring youthful contours.




nosereshaping the nose and providing balance with the rest of your facial features.




breastdefine your self-image and youthful appearance with breast surgery.




bodydr. edween specializes in liposuction and mommy makeover procedures in beverly hills.




microneedlingone of the premier treatments to stimulate the body’s natural healing response and promote firmer skin.




non-surgicalnon-surgical procedures like peels and injectables to restore a youthful and glowing appearance.








you are a beautiful individual
cosmetic makeoversproviding you the finest transformations with the latest advanced technology, all under one roof.




























achievements
an accredited facial plastic surgeondr. edween received her medical degree and graduated with honors, magna cum laude from kansas city university of medicine and biosciences, and was trained in facial plastic surgery at michigan state university botsford hospital. she then completed a cosmetic fellowship through the american academy of cosmetic surgery in southern california.












our
testimonials




i couldn’t be happier with dr. edween. i have had 2 separate surgeries with her and have been incredibly pleased with the results of both. her bedside manner compared to all other surgeons i met with was so much more personal and attentive to individual needs. she never rushed us while in her office, and she takes the time to answer all of your questions and address any individual concerns.
christy
dr. edween is amazing!! she is so nice and made the process of getting lip injections much easier. she explained the process as she went and allowed me to take breaks if needed! my lips look incredible now they are so full just like i wanted. she also did the venus viva skin treatment for me and talked me through the whole process as well! it’s been 24 hours and my skin is almost healed!
chryssa
i had thin upper lips i wanted filled by a good doctor. thankfully i found dr. edween. she is so caring and has the best bedside manner. i went to see her for juvederm for lip filler, and left with beautiful natural full looking lips. she made sure it was a comfortable and pleasant experience the whole way through. i couldn’t be happier with the way they turned out.
katherine
dr. edween is definitely the doctor to put your apprehensions and uncertainties at ease. she is very thorough with her explanations and makes sure that you are 100% on board. you never feel like you are being forced into something but instead, even on the day of the surgery, asks again if you are 100% sure and addresses all your questions.
angel
i’ve had my lips and cheeks done before and i loved it—i had an incredible professional help me feel more youthful, so i had very high expectations. dr. edween somehow succeeded them. i look and feel great, and she did just enough to upgrade my look without making me look like i have been attacked by a vacuum. really love her, will return.
missy







julie edween d.o. facial plastic & cosmetic surgery
business hours“a smile is the best make up any woman can wear.” dr. julie edween








mon9am5pmtues9am5pmwed9am5pmthurs9am5pmfri9am5pmsat & sunappointment only











get started
book appointmentour team looks forward to hearing from you, please complete the following form below with your contact information and inquiry.

















let’s work together
contact usjulie edween d.o.
9675 brighton way, suite 340
 beverly hills, ca 90210











schedule your consultation today
310.859.8885get social













 
 






copyright © 2024 julie edween d.o., beverly hills plastic surgeon performing facelift, rhinoplasty, breast augmentation, laser skin treatment, and more. all rights reserved. |  sitemap  


facebookinstagramtwitteryoutubefacebook share
 
 
 
 


 
 





















































































































































 

