



	poole townsend | estate agents, financial advisors, legal advisors in cumbria


























poole townsend


property search


property search
preferred location






menu



homesell your property
lettings
for landlords
for tenants
mortgages
legal help & advice
conveyancing
criminal law
litigation
wills and probate
releasing documents
financial services
invest & save
insurance & assurance
retirement & inheritance
equity release
contact us
barrow
kendal
grange-over-sands
ulverston
milnthorpe









you are here: home







your one-stop shop for property sales, lettings, solicitors, mortgages and financial servicessell your property the easy way
you'll be in safe hands from the moment you step through our door. at poole townsend, we offer so much more than a property listing.
get a 60-second online valuation








your one-stop shop for property sales, lettings, solicitors, mortgages and financial servicesexpert local lettings 
whether you’re a prospective tenant, an experienced landlord or it’s your first time letting, we know what works well and are here to help.
get a 60-second online valuation








your one-stop shop for property sales, lettings, solicitors, mortgages and financial servicesindependent mortgage advice
our advisers can access rates from high street and online lenders with face to face appointments to secure the right deal for you.
mortgage calculator








your one-stop shop for property sales, lettings, solicitors, mortgages and financial servicessound legal advice, with no jargon
we know from experience that keeping things simple makes life easier. we offer expert support with conveyancing, criminal law, litigation, and wills and probate.
book a free initial appointment








your one-stop shop for property sales, lettings, solicitors, mortgages and financial servicesfinancial advice you can rely on
at poole townsend, we offer just that, without baffling you with jargon or trying to sell you things you don’t need.
book a free initial appointment





prev

next




welcome to poole townsend




property sales
poole townsend


lettings
poole townsend


mortgages
poole townsend


solicitors
poole townsend


financial services
poole townsend






local. trusted. transparentdeciding to rent, buy or sell your first home can feel like you’re about to jump into the unknown - without a safety net.help is close at hand. the poole townsend team rents and sells hundreds of properties in the south lakes and furness each year, so that thousands of homeowners can move out and move on.but we’re so much more than an estate agency, with over 30 years of experience offering mortgage, legal and financial advice within our local community too.whichever service you require you will find a local expert that can offer sound face to face advice and as much friendly support as you need to make the decisions that are right for you.a one-stop shop for legal, financial, and property advice. all under one roof, in your local town, and here when you need us most.over £124mworth of property sold in 202496%of property asking price achievedover £2.58min rent collected by our lettings team in 2024over £2mrecovered in compensation for our litigation clients











★★★★★


“we wanted to take this moment to say 'thank you' for all your support and hard work in helping us secure a mortgage and purchasing our dream house.”


bridget & felix, barrow-in-furness  (october 2024) 







★★★★★


“an extremely positive experience in having my property valued, marketed and sold. i can highly recommend poole townsend for a professional and efficient estate agent experience.”


ms st, barrow-in-furness  (april 2024) 







★★★★★


“we have worked along side andrew sanderson and his team for many year's, which in it's self tells you how happy we are with the service provided. andrew and his team take a lot of the worry away finding new tenants and vetting them etc always happy to give advise and quick to return calls and emails”


ms jc, milnthorpe  (april 2024) 






quick property search

for sale in barrow-in-furness
for sale in kendal
for sale in grange-over-sands
for sale in ulverston
for sale in dalton-in-furness



from our blog





 property talk: improve your chances of sales success
19 february 2025

those of you who read these property talks regularly will know how much i love my facts and figures. the trends in the property market can be followed year on year with activity levels and sales…
continue reading








 what do the stamp duty changes mean?
15 january 2025

as of 1st april 2025 the stamp duty rates for england and northern ireland are due to change. this could mean that a lot of people have to pay more stamp duty on their property purchases, whether it’s…
continue reading








 why choose a high-street mortgage adviser?
07 june 2024

with the internet seemingly having all the answers nowadays, it's easy to do your research, find great deals, and discover plenty of information on whatever it is you’re looking for. but often a…
continue reading








 holiday lettings - is the boom over? 
23 april 2024

according to many holiday let owners bookings have significantly reduced in the first quarter of 2023 leading many to consider if there is more security in a long-term rental. the holiday let market…
continue reading




go to our blog



you’re in safe hands
trust our team of local experts to provide the best advice on a wide range of legal and financial issues whenever you’re facing a life change and need the best support.
0800 389 2939
our team are available monday to friday 9am - 5pm
find your branchmeet the team






she'll be glad you planned ahead
organising your finances today, while planning for the future can be a challenge. we’ll put the kettle on – and take the pressure off.
get expert financial advice






you'll know when it's time to talk
from making a will, to matters of business law our qualified solicitors can offer advice and guidance. pop in for a chat or call us to make your free appointment.
get expert legal advice








sign up for our newsletter


your details


enter your name in reverse (e.g. john smith becomes htims nhoj)




email






signing up to our newsletter will place you on our weekly property guide, providing you with the latest properties for sale and industry news. 

you can unsubscribe at any time. we value your privacy and will not share your details.









home
about us
meet the team
vacancies




news & blog
complaints
contact us



property file


follow us on facebook
follow us on twitter
follow us on instagram






get in touch
poole townsend (head office)
69-75 duke street, barrow-in-furness, cumbria, la14 1rp.
telephone: 0800 389 2939
email: enquiries@pooletownsend.co.uk






privacy policy
cookie policy
interest policy
terms of use
accessibility


 © poole townsend 2017 - 2025. all rights reserved.
poole townsend estates ltd. (company number 10960705) is a company registered in england and wales with its registered office at 69-75 duke street, barrow in furness la14 1rp. a list of directors is available at the registered office address. authorised and regulated by the solicitors regulation authority number 8004592. vat registration number 288092466. our estate agency is a member of the property ombudsman scheme.poole townsend estates ltd property client account has client money protection, to view our client money protection certificate please click here. to view our equality and diversity data please click here. the propertymark conduct and membership rules can be found here.poole townsend financial services ltd (company no:10964550) is a company registered in england and wales with its registered office at 69-75 duke street, barrow in furness, la14 1rp. a list of directors is available at the registered office address. we are independent financial advisers authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority. vat registration number :154365563. poole townsend financial services ltd is entered on the financial services register. https://register.fca.org.uk under reference 807084..professional indemnity insurance – please contact martin oates at the address above if you require details of cover held.registered with the information commissioners office for data protection purposes (ico no: za494153 & za331395)
site website design, website development and software development by the creative branch


ifa logo - independent financial adviser
arla logo - arla property mark protected
po logo - the property ombudsman

naea logo - national association of estate agents
sifa member logo - supporting impartial financial advice

















by using this website you agree to our use of cookies to enhance your experience.





top





