





anchor hocking glass museum - homepage







anchor 
        hocking glass museum


















 
 
 

 


welcome to the anchor hocking glass museum website!

the 
        museum is my private collection of over 15,000 pieces of anchor hocking 
        glass, made between 1920 and the present. many pieces are one of a kind, 
        test items, that were never mass produced by the company for one reason 
        or another. the museum houses hundreds of pieces of emphemera related 
        to anchor hocking, such as catalogs, original blueprints, original advertising 
        proofs, postcards, etc. in addition to information about the museum, you 
        will also find information about my books on anchor hocking glass, as 
        well as upcoming releases. the proceeds from the sale of books and glass 
        contribute to the building and maintenance of the museum, which is funded 
        100% by myself at this point. in the future, a foundation will be established 
        to allow others to contribute.



we recently placed the myriad of glassware 
          related documents into 8 large blueprint cabinets.





a portion of the jadeite glassware 
        in the museum's collection.

 

note:
many people 
        visiting the website and the museum have asked whether anchor hocking 
        has helped me with this project. i did write to the chief executive office 
        of anchor hocking and extended an invitation to anchor hocking to join 
        me in documenting their history through the museum. i also included copies 
        of the first four books i wrote. i did not even get a response to my invitation 
        or "thanks" for the books. so, i went ahead with the project myself. i 
        purchased the land, personally constructed the museum (took over 2 years), 
        bought the 40 display cabinets, and filled the museum with over 15,000 
        pieces of glass and 500+ boxed sets at my expense. to date, this project 
        has been totally financed by me alone "to the tune" of over $500,000. 
        luckily, the former employees of anchor hocking have been generous and 
        donated many of the rare items on display. the entire collection of glass, 
        boxed sets, blueprints, advertising proofs, catalogs, and other memorabilia 
        will be preserved long after i am gone. i recently updated my last will 
        and testament to specify the museum who will receive the entire collection. 
      this 
        site was last updated on 8 february 2025


homepage | 
		history of the museum | 
		history of anchor hocking  |  
		about  the curator

acquisitions & donations | 
        royal ruby |  
		wish list  | 
		glassware for sale |  
        books for sale

contact  us |  
		ask a question!

© 
        copyright 2021 all rights reserved













