










j.d. griffiths | milwaukee's detached garage builders







































































0shopping cartabout
services


new garage builds
garage remodel
garage doors
service and repair



portfolio
blog
contact us
search




menu


menu

 






the custom garage builders and garage door companymilwaukee counts on



garage build or remodelrequest a free quote


new garage doorrequest a free quote


garage service or repairrequest a free quote




proudly serving the milwaukee area for 75 yearsa+ rating better business bureau
50+ year member nari




cost controlwe custom build or remodel your garage onsite, saving you money.


quality guaranteedour work is licensed, bonded, and insured. we hold an a+ rating with the bbb.


expert teamwe have experienced crews of carpenters, masons and grading professionals.



new garage builds
“everybody that looked at it said it was some of the best workmanship they have seen in a long time. we were extremely pleased with everything.”
– jerry and joann o.
garage remodels
“i can’t praise this company enough for what they did. a house being purchased was scheduled to close, but 10 days before that, an accident occurred with a car crashing into the corner of the garage, causing major damage. j.d. griffiths came to the rescue, and completely repaired everything like it never happened, with two days to spare.”
– mike p., wauwatosa homeowner
garage doors
“great company! great price, great service. delivered on all promised. highly recommend.”
– adam t., new berlin homeowner
service and repair
“incredible service, great value, punctual, etc. etc. no other garage company call needed.”
– sam s.


subscribe to our newsletterwe’ll send you monthly inspiration to get the most value out of your home, garden, and garage.

name * e-mail * 

 
   

 ©  j.d. griffiths co., all rights reserved

office and showroom 8401 w. calumet rd.
milwaukee, wi 53224
414-362-7222

follow us on facebook






scroll to top


















