




angelite om – angelite lends its energies beautifully to working in conjunction with healing intention and practitioners.










































skip to content
















about usservices

healing tools healing plates healing stories healing tables free healing how to use tools world enlightenment
angelite jewelry

hematite jewelry hawaiian products dreamcatchers blog testimonials
prices

order shipping & receiving
contact





menu
close





about us
services

healing tools
healing plates
healing stories
healing tables
free healing
how to use tools
world enlightenment


angelite jewelry

hematite jewelry
hawaiian products
dreamcatchers
blog
testimonials


prices

order
shipping & receiving


contact





 








home









available now! 



the book of basics 



a great easy to read book for the newly spiritually awakened.        by catherine m. bilsky 






free  download 







the guide book of spiritual basics 






download the book







$6.00 




 



please note:   upon completion of your order – click ‘return to angelite om’ to download the book – then save to your computer! 



special quantum leap prayers co-writtenby catherine m. bilsky & dr. james wing ho wongthink quantum leap world enlightenment now! 







 



 



glow in the dark angelite massage ballssm. $35 | med. $45 | lg. $55 



photograph by lisa carrington 







come hug the largest earth keeper crystal in hawai’i! ela is a 1,000 pound elestial double terminated earth keeper crystal. 



angelite is a remarkable and little known mineral which made its public appearance during the harmonic convergence in 1987. twenty years later we are still uncovering its numerous and astounding healing properties. angelite lends its energies beautifully to working in conjunction with healing intention and practitioners. we have found it to be helpful with burns, tumors, respiratory ailments, back injuries, broken bones and pain of any kind. in combination with other minerals, it can be beneficial for stress relief, emotional trauma, hyperactivity, migraines and many other ailments. this is only a partial list of its attributes. 












 












we invite you to discover the wonders of working with angelite for yourself. the following pages list products and potential use possibilities. enjoy and experiment!angelite-om missioncathy’s angelite crystals miracles & joy is committed to creating and providing a wide variety of quality angelite products for individuals and organizations interested in exploring alternative healing possibilities. we are also here to help people remember the old tried and true methods of healing. healing is simple. it is man that makes it complex. 











purchases can be made over phone,  please call at 808-775-9400 



buy nowtable 6’7″ x 2’6″ 350lbstable 6″ x 2’4″ 300lbslarge angelite crossx-large platelg hematite plate w/ angelitex-lg hematite plate w/ angeliteyour email address:












donate now













 












disclaimer:  no medical claims are being made for these products. the information contained on this web site is presented for educational purposes only. in no way are any of the materials presented here meant to be a substitute for professional medical care or attention by a qualified practitioner, nor should they be inferred as such. always check with your medical professional if you have any questions or concerns about your condition, or before starting a new program of treatment. 






















contact us 






 
:    808-775-9400                 (pacific time zone / hours: 10:30am - 5pm)



 
:   mail@angeliteom.com



 
: 45-3577 mamane st, honokaa hawaii 96727









facebook
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 














our main services 







 
healing tools





 
healing plates





 
healing stories





 
healing tables





 
free healing





 
hemitite jewelry





 
dreamcatchers





 
how to use tools











my ghana story 







 
my spiritual journey to ghana (part-1)





 
my spiritual trip to ghana (part-2)





 
my spiritual trip to ghana (part-3)





 
my spiritual trip to ghana (part-4)





 
the journey back to hawaii (part-5)





 
life after ghana  (last part)















copyright © 2021, angelite om / all right reserved 







designed by:- sana it solution 






































