 levantine center      

menuhomethe culturenorth africathe middle eastart & heritagethe listfactsabout uscontact uswelcome tolevantine centerthe aim of this website is to bring light to this side of the world and show other cultures that wehave a lot of interesting things to offer, not only historically, but also with what´s happening nowadays.learn more aboutbest cultural heritagesthe rich cultural heritage of this region comes from civilizations that have been active for thousands of years and have turned into a brand new amalgamation of eastern and western influencesmaking the map even a little more varied than it already was.learn more aboutamazing factsthere are some facts that draw attention because they are fun or because they are interesting or simplyunique, the truth is they all belong to a place on earth most people refer as distant or strange.about usin levantine center we believe that the best is always yet to come and that the only way out is through.the aim of this website is to bring light to this side of the world and show other cultures that we have a lot of interesting things to offer, not only historically, but also with what´s happening nowadays. we dream of a better future for generations to come, a world without horrible wars because of the religion or the flags, a world in which the creative minds of our lucid children will work together to take the boundaries of art even further.best cultural heritages ancient egyptiansegyptians influenced many civilizations just like the roman and the greek. they believed that the ‘soul’ of a persona was immortal and as such it transcended our time on earth. the persian empireanother great civilization that ruled the region for two centuries and whose capital, babylonia, is still today a common fairy-tale. the later empire stretches over 3,000 miles to be the largest empire on earth at its time. albert camusalgerian-born writer won the nobel prize for in 1957 and claimed in several interviews that the landscape, the idiosyncrasy and the people he knew growing up in algeria severely altered his way of seeing the world. must know amazing factsafrica now and then, what changed in the continent since ancient timesafrica is a land that has fascinated everyone since ancient times. once called the dark continent, this land of variegated […]read more ›preserved sites of north africa that would make a great tourism destinationnorth africa has a long and rich history that has seen a number of different cultures and people rule over […]read more ›cultural relatedness between the middle east and north africanorth africa and the middle east are not divided naturally. this political division includes arab countries which are located geographically […]read more ›the amazing cultures that are exclusive to middle eastwell, for starters, we have to say that the middle east is not a geographical denomination. the borders that make […]read more ›ancient art and craft originated from north africa: hieroglyphcommonly associated with egyptian monuments, tombs, and statues, hieroglyphs are a form of pictorial writing that mostly represent sounds, groups […]read more ›cultures in north africa that have been lost to civilizationthe berber people named this way, the history of this nomadic civilization that was present in the west side of […]read more ›resources available onlinethe world of the order – where sexual initiations of gay missionary boys happen. as twisted as it sounds the idea of this fantasy has its origins in ancient times of egypt. homosexual trend was there and secret cults were present too. missionary gay boys is just today’s interpretation of the procedures.model time – the newest place on web that focuses on total dedication of models to please their viewers. there is no directors, no storylines. just a camera and your favorite model from adult time network showcasing you her goods. with given freedom you are surely for a treat in this 100% exclusive series. visit modeltime.org for database of free videos.mommy’s boy – the brand now series that focuses on the process of making boys men. according to these stepmoms it’s quick and easy procedure but you have to be full of certain knowledge and art of seduction. this fantasy series has just debuted in adult time network and now you can watch if for free at mommysboy.net – the official tube for the project.lez cuties – the beauty of lesbian love has been known for ages but it’s technology that helped showing you what’s exactly the beauty of it. in this series you will be able to enjoy the hottest european lesbian videos that show what girl on girl really stands for. we have prepared some special website where you can enjoy the extended version of videos from the latest episodes. available now at lezcuties.tubetwink top – take a look at role-switching situations with usual bottoms and usual dominant men. guys are bored and annoyed with staying the same so they spice things up. usual twinks becoming alpha males and usual dominant men becoming good bottom partners. available now at twinktop.orghall of fame - 2022/2023enjoy the finest series onlinebully him – why gay bullies are still the thing in 2022. even in fantasy of say uncle network. girls only porn – the finest girl on girl entertainment online prepared by nubile films crew.rocco siffredi – the one and only rocco and his adventures. it’s time to find out why the italian stallion is still on top of his game in 2022.next door studios – the world of gay fantasies in the highest quality. watch kinky gay scenarios happening in real-life like situations.dfxtra – ready to explore the intense world of interracial relations? see why dogfart has been doing it since 1996!this website is a call to the futurea call to action for those trying to know more about what makes each ancient civilization be what they are and also for those who want to break the mold and hold hands with the ones next to them.learn moremust know amazing factsimportant facts– just to abolish the common belief that women are not as important as men in these regions, 70% of the students in science and engineering aren´t men, are the ladies.– arab is not a religion, it´s an ethnic group. there are arab christians and arab jews, in fact, you can be an arab if you are descendent (bloodlines) or speak arabic, the main arab language. the key thing to know is that arabs were around way before islam was born.fun facts– there are some very strange illegal things in iran like mullets!– in a great move, iranians removed the waiting list for the kidney transplant using health insurance as well as financial compensation to incentivize unrelated donors.– it was 2007 and the iranian government arrested 14 squirrels. what were the charges? spying!learn morecontact usif you believe that the world can be a better place and that culture, education and arts can be the bridges to join all of the diverse beliefs together, then please join us, contact us, send us your thoughts and contributions.get in touch

© copyright levantine center     



