

raclette grills from raclette australia












      www.raclette.com.au



	  ...simply entertaining  
	  






home
raclette grill sales
more on raclette
recipes
raclette cheese
your say
contact us





winter, a great time to have raclette
on a cold and windy day do it like the swiss: sit down and relax at dinner time and enjoy a raclette meal with your loved ones.
raclette is a great meal to have when you don't want to stress out and still provide everyone with exactly what they like. so, have a look at our products and prepare right now for your next big family reunion! why wait if you can enjoy raclette right now!
see below which items are currently available via this website and in stock. for items not available right now, if you want you can contact us to be put on the waiting list. 





















currently out of stock!



low stock, order now!



in stock, order now!



currently out of stock!



currently out of stock!




high quality raclette grills
it is in economic hard times that people remember what quality is: products that fulfill an important need and that outlast their competitors, that are value for money. this is why raclette australia products are now in higher demand than ever before. we had numerous customers mentioning to us  that they obtained  low quality raclette grills through other sources and had to throw them away after only a short time due to their low quality. after purchasing our products they were delighted to see the very high standard of quality that we have for our raclette grills and referred friends to us. thank you very much to those customers. our pledge is that we will remain focused on high quality products that satisfy the needs of our customers and are true value for money. 
new pricing
since 2005 we managed to keep the postage and handling fees stable for our customers, but as you know transport costs have risen even faster than inflation. so, we now will pass on these costs directly to you instead of having one flat postage fee for entire australia. we think this is a fairer solution to those living closer to sydney. 
we also noticed from customer feedback that many of you do not need the wooden spatulas as the raclette pans are non stick or you still have spatulas from previous raclette grills. therefore we now sell the spatulas separately and can reduce the prices of our raclette grills.  should you still need wooden raclette spatulas please purchase them separately. 
due to all these price adjustments we have currently disabled our fast ordering system until it is updated with the new values. you can still order all our products by contacting us directly. 
our models 
we now have three models available to you. the petite, our raclette grill with four pans, is priced at only a$99 plus postage. 
              buy just one for yourself or gifts for everybody! this grill is also ideal if you have a long table and want to distribute the joy of raclette by using two of these great space savers! order your raclette grill here.
we also have two other great models available for you, both come 
              with eight individual non-stick pans (should you need  
              wooden raclette 
              spatulas please purchase them). to suit all table forms we have the rectangular model 
              the 
              gourmet and for round tables the 
              entertainer!
and for all those who don't know yet what a raclette grill is and 
              how much fun one of these legendary raclette parties can be: read 
              on!
we 
              have currently three models available: 
			  our raclette grills the 
              petite (rrp a$99), the 
              gourmet (rrp a$155) or the 
              entertainer (rrp a$174). postage and handling charges will be calculated for your delivery address and emailed to you. please contact us to order your raclette grill.
raclette is fun!
if 
              you want to entertain your guests in a unique way, have a raclette 
              party. this website will help you get everything together for 
              a successful dinner party, special occasion, informal get-together 
              or simply a very enjoyable family dinner.
it's so easy to create a cosy and fun atmosphere at your chosen 
              venue with a raclette grill that you will ask yourself how this 
              managed to remain a secret for so long (about 500 years, actually...).
a raclette 
              grill is a very versatile grilling appliance that sits in the 
              middle of the dining table where up to eight seated guests are able 
              to cook in front of them. perfect for cosy and warm informal get-togethers. 
              all you need to do is to buy some basic ingredients to create easy, 
              warm and scrumptious cheese based meals directly at the table. 
raclette grills take the stress and work out of catering for small 
              or large groups. this multipurpose machine can whip up quick and 
              delicious meals that will make your occasion a real winner. discover 
              how it can easily become your favourite way to celebrate.
so, have a raclette party with your friends! and buy 
              yourself a raclette grill 

			  you can now purchase any of our raclette grill models 
              the petite (a$99), the 
              entertainer (a$174) or the 
              gourmet (a$155) right here on this website. postage 
              and handling fees apply, please contact us to order your raclette grill and then wait for your email.
 
copyright © 2003 - 2017 raclette australia 
              pty ltd (acn 112 356 448)


other popular pages:

raclette grill petite
details petite
raclette grill gourmet
raclette grill entertainer
order a raclette grill
raclette in shops
raclette recipes
what is raclette?
cheese sales 
our new model is out: the 
              petite raclette grill, a great raclette grill for small
              raclette parties!
have a look at our raclette grill models the 
              petite, the 
              gourmet or the 
              entertainer. what a fun way to entertain up to eight dinner 
              guests.








