




florida oranges | fresh fruit delivery | gregory's groves













































 menu


home
shop


online specials


best sellers


citrus fruits


navels


honeybells


grapefruit


mandarins


ruby red navel oranges (cara cara)


valencias

 

sugar baby oranges


pears & apples


popular fruit assortment


specialty gifts


baked goods


chocolates & candy


tins, towers & baskets

 

nuts & pretzels


marmalade & honey



customer service

about us
contact
faqs
shipping



 

 cart


 search













0 items
$0.00
view cart


 login/register
customer assistance










close
shopping cart

0 items  subtotal: $0

continue shopping


checkout »
















 
1-800-honeybell
call us toll free (1-800-466-3923)























best sellers
specials










president's day triple deal! save today!














everybody loves honeybells! 
 shop now




email signup















connect with us

  








best sellers
shop now





popular gifts
shop now





reserve your honeybells
shop now





welcome!
ahhh ... the smell, the texture, and the taste. there's nothing quite like the first taste of a freshly picked piece of citrus fruit from gregory's  grove.  with every first bite you are rewarded with a burst of flavor and a squirt of delectable juice.  our fruit is so juicy, you'll enjoy the "fresh from the grove" flavor.the sweetness of a piece of gregory's groves fresh fruit is something to savor.  picked at the peak of ripeness, gregory's grove is known for a sweet taste and juicy flavor that cannot be measured. one bite and you will be back for more. just ask our customers. some have been placing orders since our first harvest in 1964.  ordering and receiving a basket of gregory's groves fruit has become a family tradition - especially around the holiday season.not just any florida orange tastes this good.  our exclusive line of flavorful fruit is known for its superb quality and unmatched flavor.  always fresh picked at the peak of ripeness, every piece of fruit delivered to customers is guaranteed to be loved - or your money back.whether you are craving the wonderful, mouthwatering taste of florida oranges, or you can't wait until our annual crop of honeybell tangelos comes in, there is always something to enjoy at gregory's groves.  known as one of florida's most beloved citrus groves, gregory's' has been supplying customers with delicious fresh fruit for five decades.  not satisfied at offering just a single type of fruit, our groves now harvest these varieties and more: honeybell tangelos (offered for a limited time - so place your order early)sugar babies (gregory's groves is the only grove nationwide to offer this customer favorite)ruby red grapefruitnavel orangesvalencia orangesmerry mandarins  whether you cannot resist the taste of gregory's groves fruit, or you want to send a gift to someone special, be sure to check out our wide selection of basket and gift ideas.  offering exclusive fruit and candy gifts, our friendly customer service staff can help you pick the perfect assortment.to learn more about the variety of fruits we grow or specialty candy gifts we offer be sure to call our customer care department at 1-800-honeybell. learn more show less 







our products


➤online specials


➤best sellers


➤citrus fruits



navels


honeybells


grapefruit


mandarins


ruby red navel oranges (cara cara)


valencias




➤sugar baby oranges


➤pears & apples


➤popular fruit assortment


➤specialty gifts


➤baked goods


➤chocolates & candy


➤tins, towers & baskets





➤nuts & pretzels


➤marmalade & honey








gregory's guarantee
we send only the highest quality products and will do all we can to make sure you are 100% satisfied. if you are disappointed in any way with the gift you receive, just let us know. we'll make it right - unconditionally.







email signup















connect with us

  











quick links
member account
faqs
shipping information
free catalog


company information
about us
contact us
privacy policy
ada compliance statement
site map



           po box 649
          weirsdale, fl 32195
info@gregorysgroves.com




            © copyright 2025 gregory's groves. all rights reserved.
          

















































sign up for email
special offers from gregory's grove 




















