




baja agro international | productos de yucca schidigera






























home

about us


applications

news


sustainable development

contact


faq






                                                                                        en
                                                    

es
en










































        contact us    































                                        use on farm animals                                    



                                        our yucca schidigera products are used as ingredients for poultry, swine and cattle feed, helping to control and reduce ammonia and other gases that produce bad odors affecting animal performance.                                    



















                                        use on pets                                    



                                        incorporated into pet food premix, it is the best alternative to reduce the levels of offensive odors, improving the environment surrounding the pet and its owners.                                    


















                                        use on aquaculture                                    



                                        our yucca schidigera products have the ability to bind and neutralize ammonia, converting it into a non toxic nitrogenous compound, which is why their use in aquaculture systems helps to restore normal environmental conditions.                                    
















                                        use on agriculture                                    



                                        the saponins of the yucca schidigera are natural surfactants, their use allows better penetration of water and air, modifying the structure of the soil and therefore provides better physical conditions for plants.                                    
















use for grain rolling




due to the surfactant activity of the saponins, the surface tension of the water decreases and increases the rate of moisture absorption by the grain, thus reducing the energy required for the rolling process.
















                                        use on wastewater treatment                                    



                                        reduces concentrations of ammonia, nitrites, hydrogen sulfide and other harmful gases and compounds that produce bad odors in industrial, agricultural, domestic or municipal wastewater.                                    


















                                        food  supplement                                    



                                        it contains steroidal saponins that have anti-inflammatory properties, helping to reduce the discomfort caused by tissue swelling.  *only available in méxico. *this product is not a medicine.  











nuevas
noticias







 
                                                                    trade show 
                                    xxviii latin american poultry congress
                                                            




                                                                            xxviii latin american poultry congress
                                                                    


                                                                            the xxviii latin american poultry congress took place from november 12 to 14 in the city of punta del este, uruguay. baja agro international was present as an exhibitor presenting our biopowder and yuccamex products for the latin american market.&nbsp;during the congress and trade expo, the latest developments in the poultry industry were presented, and we also had visits from our distributors in mexico, central america, the caribbean and south america, highlighting commercial alliances with new distributors.&nbsp;we continue to strengthen our business relationships and succ...
                                                                    












                                                            trade show 
                                ¡baja agro international participated in xxix expo agroalimentaria guanajuato 20...
                                                    




                                                                    ¡baja agro international participated in xxix expo agroalimentaria guanajuato 2024!
                                                            


                                                                    at the recent guanajuato agri-food expo 2024, we had the privilege of being part of this platform for meeting and sharing knowledge, which year after year brings together the most distinguished figures in...
                                                            










                                                                    trade show 
                                    presentation of biosoil at the...
                                                            




                                                                            presentation of bios...
                                                                    


                                                                            we are excited to share with you our participation as exhibitors at the sustainable and regenerative agriculture cong...
                                                                    









                                                                    trade show 
                                    baja agro international's bo...
                                                                
                            




                                                                            baja agro internat...
                                                                    


                                                                            from april 26-27, we attended the third edition of expo agro san quintín, a rapi...
                                                                    













                                                    trade show 
                            xxviii latin american poultry congress
                                            




                                                            xxviii latin american poultry congress 
                                                    


                                                            the xxviii latin american poultry congress took place from november 12 to 14 in the city of punta del este, uruguay. baja agro international was present as an exhibitor presenting our biopowder and yuccamex products for the latin american market.&nbsp;during the congress and trade expo, the latest developments in the poultry industry wer...
                                                    










                                                            trade show 
                                ¡baja agro international participated in... 
                                                    




                                                                    ¡baja agro international...
                                                            


                                                                    at the recent guanajuato agri-food expo 2024, we had the privilege of being part of this platform for me...
                                                            









                                                            trade show    
                                presentation of biosoil at the congress of su...
                                                    




                                                                    presentation of biosoil at the congress of sustainable and regenerative agriculture organized by capaciagro
                                                            


                                                                    from april 26-27, we attended the third edition of expo agro san quintín, a rapidly growing event in the region. this event in the...
                                                            




















                                                                                                                            trade show  
                                                                xxviii latin american poultry congress
                                                                                                                    




                                                                                                                                    xxviii latin american pou...
                                                                                                                            



                                                                                                                                    el xxviii congreso latinoamericano de avicultura se llevo a cabo del 12 al 14 de noviembre en la ciudad de punta del este, uruguay. baja agro inter...
                                                                                                                            



















                                                                                                                            trade show  
                                                                ¡baja agro international participated in...
                                                                                                                    




                                                                                                                                    ¡baja agro international...
                                                                                                                            



                                                                                                                                    en la reciente expo agroalimentaria guanajuato 2024, tuvimos el privilegio de formar parte de este encue...
                                                                                                                            



















                                                                                                                            trade show  
                                                                presentation of biosoil at the congress...
                                                                                                                    




                                                                                                                                    presentation of biosoil a...
                                                                                                                            



                                                                                                                                    estamos emocionados de compartir con ustedes nuestra participación como expositores en el congreso de agricultura sustentable y regenerativa organi...
                                                                                                                            



















                                                                                                                            trade show  
                                                                baja agro international's booth at expo...
                                                                                                                    




                                                                                                                                    baja agro international's...
                                                                                                                            



                                                                                                                                    durante los días 26 y 27 de abril, asistimos a la tercera edición de expo agro san quintín, un evento que ha ido ganando relevanci...
                                                                                                                            












                        < 

                        > 







ver más











                to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a
                web browser that
                supports html5 video




































































































































































































                    download                








terms and conditions



 this contract describes the general terms and conditions (hereinafter only "terms and conditions") applicable to the use of the contents, products and services offered through the site www.yucca.com.mx (hereinafter, "website"), owned by baja agro international s.a. de c.v. (hereinafter, "owner") whose domicile is located in baja california, at the following address:
privada kino este no. 100a-1
mission industrial park
ensenada, baja california
mexico, c.p. 22830
any person wishing to access or make use of the site or the services offered therein may do so subject to these terms and conditions, as well as the policies and principles incorporated herein. in any case, any person who does not accept these terms and conditions must refrain from using the website and/or acquiring the products and services that may be offered.
  i. of the object.
the purpose of these terms and conditions is to regulate access to and use of the website, meaning any type of content, product or service available to the general public within the domain: www.yucca.com.mx.
the owner reserves the right to modify at any time and without notice, the presentation, content, functionality, products, services, and configuration that may be contained in the website; in this sense, the user acknowledges and agrees that at any time may discontinue, disable or cancel any of the elements that make up the website or access to them.
access to the website by the user is free and, as a general rule, is free of charge, without the user having to provide a consideration in order to enjoy it, except for the cost of the internet connection provided by the provider of this type of service contracted by the user.
access to part of the contents and services of the website may be made after prior subscription or registration of the user.
the website is intended for any person, regardless of age.
the user is informed that the owner may administer or manage the website directly or through a third party, which does not modify in any way what is established in these terms and conditions.
  ii. of the user.
access to or use of the website confers the condition of user of the website, and therefore shall be subject to these terms and conditions, as well as any subsequent amendments thereto, without prejudice to the application of applicable legislation, and shall therefore be deemed to be accepted from the moment in which the website is accessed. given the relevance of the foregoing, the user is advised to review any updates to these terms and conditions.
it is the responsibility of the user to use the website according to the way it was designed; in this sense, the use of any type of software that automates the interaction or downloading of the contents or services provided through the website is prohibited. furthermore, the user agrees to use the information, content or services offered through the website in a lawful manner, without contravening the provisions of these terms and conditions, morality or public order, and shall refrain from any act that may affect the rights of third parties, or in any way impair the operation of the website.
likewise, the user agrees to provide lawful and truthful information in the forms provided on the website, in which the user has to provide certain data or information for access to any content, product or service offered by the website itself. in any case, the user shall immediately notify the owner of any fact that could imply the misuse of the information recorded in such forms, such as theft, loss, or unauthorized access to accounts and / or passwords, in order to proceed to its immediate cancellation.
the mere access to the website does not imply the establishment of any kind of relationship between the owner and the user.
  iii. access and navigation on the web site.
the owner does not guarantee in any way the continuity and availability of the contents, products or services offered through the website, however, the owner will carry out the actions that according to its possibilities allow it to maintain the proper functioning of the website, without this implying any liability on the part of baja agro international s.a. de c.v.
likewise, baja agro international s.a. de c.v. will not be responsible or guarantee that the content or software that can be accessed through the website, is free of errors, malicious software, or that may cause any damage at software or hardware level in the equipment through which the user accesses the website.
the owner is not responsible for any damages that may be caused by improper use of the website. in no case baja agro international s.a. de c.v. will be responsible for losses, damages of any kind arising from the mere access or use of the website.
  iv. privacy and data protection policy.
in accordance with the provisions of mexican law, the owner undertakes to adopt the necessary measures within its power to ensure the privacy of the personal data collected in order to guarantee its security and prevent its alteration, loss or unauthorized processing.
in addition, in order to comply with the provisions of mexican law, all personal data collected through the website will be treated in accordance with the principles of legality, quality, purpose, loyalty and responsibility. any processing of personal data will be subject to the consent of the owner. in any case, the use of financial or patrimonial data will require the express authorization of its owners, however, this may be given through the website itself using the mechanisms provided for that purpose, and in any case the utmost diligence and care will be given to this type of data. the same will occur in the case of sensitive personal data, considering by these those that due to improper use may give rise to discrimination or its disclosure entails a risk to the holder.
at all times it will be ensured that the personal data contained in the databases or files that may be used, are relevant, correct and updated for the purposes for which they were collected.
the website may include hyperlinks or links that allow access to third party websites other than baja agro international s.a. de c.v.. the owners of such websites will have their own privacy and data protection policies, so baja agro international s.a. de c.v. does not assume any responsibility for the data provided by the user through any website other than www.yucca.com.mx.
baja agro international s.a. de c.v. reserves the right to modify its privacy policy, according to its needs or derived from any change in legislation. the access or use of the website after such changes, will imply the acceptance of these changes.
on the other hand, access to the website may involve the use of cookies, which are small amounts of information that are stored in the browser used by the user. cookies facilitate navigation, make it more friendly, and do not damage the navigation device, for this, they can collect information to enter the website, store the preferences of the user, as well as the interaction that this has with the website, such as: the date and time when accessing the website, the time that has been made use of this, the sites visited before and after the same, the number of pages visited, the ip address from which the user accesses, the frequency of visits, etc..
this type of information will be used to improve the website, detect errors, and possible needs that the user may have, in order to offer users better quality services and content. in any case, the information collected will be anonymous and will not identify individual users.
in the event that the user does not wish this type of information to be collected, he/she should disable, reject, restrict and/or eliminate the use of cookies in his/her internet browser. the procedures to perform these actions may differ from one browser to another; consequently, it is suggested to review the instructions provided by the browser developer. in the event that you reject the use of cookies (in whole or in part) the user may continue to use the website, although some of its functions may be disabled.
it is possible that in the future these policies regarding cookies may change or be updated, so it is advisable to review the updates that are made to these terms and conditions, in order to be properly informed about how and why we use the cookies that are generated when entering or using the website.
  v. liaison policy.
the website may contain links, contents, services or functions of other internet sites belonging to and/or managed by third parties, such as images, videos, comments, search engines, etc.
the use of these links, contents, services or functions, is intended to improve the user's experience when using the website, without being considered a suggestion, recommendation or invitation to use external sites. baja agro international s.a. de c.v. in no case will review or control the content of external sites, likewise, does not own the products, services, content, and any other material on those linked sites; therefore, neither the availability, accuracy, veracity, validity or legality of external sites that can be accessed through the website will be guaranteed. likewise, the owner assumes no liability for any damages that may arise from access or use of content, products or services available on websites not managed by baja agro international s.a. de c.v. which may be accessed through the website.
users or third parties who make or publish a web link from an external web page to this website must take into account the following:
the reproduction (total or partial) of the contents, products or services available in the website is not allowed without the express authorization of baja agro international s.a. de c.v. or its owner. false, inaccurate or incorrect statements about the website, its contents, products or services are not allowed, and baja agro international s.a. de c.v. may restrict access to the website to any person who incurs in this type of acts.
the establishment of a link to the website from any external site does not imply the existence of any relationship between baja agro international s.a. de c.v. and the owner of the website from which it is made, nor does it imply the knowledge of baja agro international s.a. de c.v. of the contents, products or services offered on external sites from which you can access the website.
  vi. intellectual and industrial property policy.
baja agro international s.a. de c.v. by itself or as an assignee, is the owner of all intellectual and industrial property rights of the website, meaning the source code that makes possible its operation as well as images, audio or video files, logos, trademarks, color combinations, structures, designs and other elements that distinguish it. they will be, therefore, protected by the mexican legislation on intellectual and industrial property, as well as by the applicable international treaties. therefore, it is expressly prohibited the reproduction, distribution, or dissemination of the contents of the website, for commercial purposes, in any medium and by any means, without the authorization of baja agro international s.a. de c.v..
the user undertakes to respect the intellectual and industrial property rights of the owner. however, in addition to being able to view the elements of the website may print, copy or store them, provided it is solely for strictly personal use.
on the other hand, the user shall refrain from deleting, altering, or manipulating any element, file, or content of the website, and for no reason shall perform acts aimed at violating the security, files or databases that are protected, either through restricted access by means of a user and password, or because he/she does not have the permission to view, edit or manipulate them.
in case the user or any third party considers that any of the contents of the website implies a violation of the rights of protection of industrial or intellectual property, he/she should immediately inform baja agro international s.a. de c.v. through the contact information available on the website itself and/or through the following means:
telephone :+(52) 6461770475
  vii. applicable law and jurisdiction.
baja agro international s.a. de c.v. reserves the right to file civil or criminal actions it deems necessary for the improper use of the website, its contents, products or services, or for the breach of these terms and conditions.
the relationship between the user and baja agro international s.a. de c.v. shall be governed by the laws in force in mexico, specifically in baja california. should any controversy arise in relation to the interpretation and/or application of these terms and conditions, the parties shall submit to the ordinary jurisdiction of the courts that correspond according to law in the state referred to.


acept













home

about us
applications
news
sustainable development
contact
faq














©
                                    2025 all rights reserved.

                                        privacy policy

                                        terms and conditions











© 2025 all rights reserved.
                
privacy policy

terms and conditions












