





leumi uk

























































cookies on this website
we use cookies on this website. some of these are necessary, while others allow us to enhance your experience and provide insights into how the site is being used.
for full details of each of the cookies we use please see our cookie policy.
we recommend that all cookies are accepted, but if you are not happy with this, then you can manage your preferences by clicking customise cookies.

accept all cookies
customise cookies








manage cookies
cookie policy



cookies are small pieces of data that websites store on your browser when you visit them. cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise your visit and collect information about how you use that website.
you can choose which type of optional cookies you wish to accept below. you can also manage these preferences at any time via the cookie policy, where you will also find more information about our cookies.

accept all cookies
reject all cookies




required


strictly necessary cookies
these are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.










analytical/performance cookies

                            these cookies allow us to analyse usage statistics for our website, for example by counting the number of visitors and seeing how visitors 
                            navigate around the website when they are using it. these cookies can help us to improve the way our website works and provide you with a 
                            better experience. for further information on the type of information that is collected by our analytical cookies, please take a look at 
                            our cookie policy.
                        




close
view cookie policy















 


























 


























                            bank leumi (uk)’s property and hotels finance activity has been moved to leumi uk group. 
                        

                            click below to access leumi uk group specialist services.
                        



                            www.leumiuk.com
                        





on 13 december 2022, by a resolution passed by the members in general meeting, james alexander snowdon and steven illes, both of mha, 6th floor, 2 london wall place, london, ec2y 5au, were appointed as joint liquidators of bank leumi (u.k.) p.l.c. (the bank).
with effect from 11 may 2023, the bank is no longer authorised by the prudential regulation authority and is no longer regulated by the financial conduct authority and the prudential regulation authority.
the means, amongst other things, that the bank can no longer provide regulated activities and products, and deposits cannot be placed at the bank and would not be covered under the financial services compensation scheme. 
for all historic bank documentation, please see the links below.
 important information
for any enquiries on the bank's past matters please contact us on:
tel: +44 (0)20-3772 1500
email: info@bankleumi.co.uk
for any enquiries that are related to the bank's on-going members’ voluntary liquidation process, please contact colin morris of mha (https://www.mha.co.uk/) on:
tel: +44 (0)20-3743 2143 
email: colin.morris@mha.co.uk






























disclaimer notice

any statements, data, and information contained within this website, which appears to be factual in nature is based on sources, including published sources, which bank leumi uk believes to be reliable but has not independently verified. any deposit rates and availability are indicative only and may be subject to change without notice. bank leumi (uk) plc does not make any guarantee, representation, or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such statements contained within this website and any deposit rates.  any market commentary is based on public information as of the specified date, and may be stale thereafter.  we have no obligation to tell you when information herein may change.  consequently bank leumi (uk) plc is not responsible for its contents nor any losses, expenditure or damages which may be incurred as a result of relying on such contents.  we reiterate that no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied is given to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein, and bank leumi (uk) plc does not accept any liability for losses which might arise from any use of the information.









bank leumi (uk) plc's global intermediary identification number is: s6pwe5.00010.me.826  |   legal identifier number 549300dbfnyyfvrxvb58

                            copyright © 2025 leumi uk
                        


























