






mt. baker youth symphony | bellingham, wa | wa youth symphonies, orchestras
























































 





 


skip to navigation
skip to content

mt. baker youth symphony




search for:


 


navigation
homeconcerts/events

past events

about us

sharyn peterson bio

mbys peoplemember’s infodownloadsgallerycontact us

search for:



 
home
concerts/events

past events


about us

sharyn peterson bio


mbys people
member’s info
downloads
gallery
contact us
 

search for:


 









 












home 

welcome to mount baker youth symphony
mount baker youth symphony (mbys) provides a wholesome, stimulating environment for talented and motivated young musicians. we cultivate an educational approach that encourages, challenges, and develops young musicians’ potential in the art of musical performance.
participants benefit from a year-long program designed to spark their enjoyment of music and develop their musical skills and self-confidence. in addition to full rehearsals, our professional coaching staff provides specific instruction for the instrumental groups within each ensemble. performances include full orchestra concerts, which often include featured soloists from the orchestra and a large collaborative concert with fidalgo youth symphony in march.
styles are not limited to classical music, though it is the foundation of instrumental skill. jazz, fiddle, folk, broadway, movie music, and ethnic styles are seasonal favorites! we aim to enrich the lives of families with music participation meaningful to them. requests for musical selections are encouraged.
how to join mbys

new members may join during september and the first rehearsal after each concert. new students auditioning for youth symphony must schedule an audition with sharyn peterson. e-mail sharyn at sharynpeterson@hotmail.com, or text her at 360-421-2527.

mbys rehearses at trinity lutheran church; 119 texas street, bellingham wa 98225     
rehearsal schedule:
junior symphony – mondays, 6-7:30pm
youth symphony – 7-9pm
contact sharyn peterson to schedule your audition.
auditions
auditions for new and advancing members will be held during the first rehearsals after concerts, at trinity lutheran church; 119 texas street, bellingham wa 98225                                  
to enter youth symphony  be prepared to play:

strings:  a 3 octave major scale of your choice, a 3 octave melodic minor scale of your choice (woodwinds may opt for 2.5 octave, brass may opt for 2 octave), a  brief section of a solo at current advancement level, & sight reading at (at least) suzuki book 5 level for strings, and symphonic level for winds, with an additional chromatic scale for woodwinds.
percussion solos showing your current skill levels on mallets, snare, & timpani, plus sight reading at symphonic level

to enter junior symphony be prepared to play:



 strings: a 2 octave major scale and a 2 octave  melodic minor scale of your choice, brief section of a solo showing your current advancement level, & sight reading at (at least) suzuki book 2 level
  brass, woodwinds 1.5 octave major scale and a 1.5 octave melodic minor scale of your choice,  brief section of a solo at current advancement level, sight reading at (at least) essential elements book 2 level



for additional information  contact:
sharyn peterson, artistic director, 360-421-2527  sharynpeterson@hotmail.com
 










 
 


			© mt. baker youth symphony 2020		













