









saint michael's abbey, farnborough — a benedictine monastery


















































skip to content






saint michael's abbey 





our life 

our prayer
our work
monastic vocation
our history
national shrine of st joseph
allotment gardens


visiting the abbey 

times of mass
guided tours
organ recitals
guests


abbey press 

drei publishing


support us 

donations
mass intentions
legacies
volunteers


news
contact
 




site search



search for:

search
 











 





saint michael's abbeya benedictine monastery and treasure-trove of faith and history.
 







 







about usst michael’s abbey is a little monastic community on the hampshire-surrey border in the south of england, about thirty miles from london. the benedictine life has been lived here since 1895. the community is small and young. the monks live a traditional life of prayer, work and study according to the rule of st benedict. at the heart of their life is the dignified celebration of the daily round of the mass and divine office.
find out more 






 





visiting the abbeypublic masses are celebrated every sunday at 9 am. additionally, every saturday at 3 pm there is a guided tour of the abbey church and imperial crypt.
guided toursmass & vespers 







 




the abbey shop								a shop selling cards designed by monks, catholic books, products from the abbey farm, devotional items, and more is located at  the entrance to the monastery.  the shop remains closed for now, due to works being carried out on the site. 
visit our online shop 









 





organ recitalsthe famous cavaillé-coll organ at farnborough continues to be used for sunday mass and vespers on most sundays of the year. during summer we have our traditional organ recital series. concerts are held on the first sunday of each month from may until october and start at 3 pm. there is no charge, simply a retiring collection.
more information 







 





do you have any questions?


contact us


















contact us
st michael’s abbey
280 farnborough rd
farnborough, hampshire
gu14 7nq

tel. 44 (0)1252 546105
fax. 44 (0)1252 372822
e-mail: info@farnboroughabbey.org

send us a message 

mass times

sunday mass: 9am
vespers & benediction: 4.45pm


weekday mass: 8am

click here for more details.

guided tours
every saturday at 3pm

find out more 


latest news


christmas 2023


christmas 2019


holy week & easter 2019


christmas 2018


paschal triduum & easter 2018


 

visit our online shop
 





					© 2021 st michael's abbey · designed by a benedictine monk · using a wordpress theme by colorlib				

					theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 


facebook
flickr
youtube
 


























