



about siena, your tourist guide to siena





































travel guide to siena, italy - home | contact | sitemap 









about siena...
...your tourist guide to siena






home siena guide

find all information about the city of siena!








 languages









 the city of siena town of siena history of siena etruscans of siena events in siena famous artists



the palio of siena
the palio of siena races
city and contrades
the 17 contrades
palio of siena schedule
link about palio 


 siena info monuments museums parks & gardens underground waterways fountains excursions around siena  travels in tuscany walking & bike tours  itineraries thermal springs and baths arts and crafts markets & festivals


 tours and guided visits
siena pass siena pass with tablet pienza



 food & wine cuisine of siena wine of siena sienese dishes traditional meal


 studying in siena  study university learn italian


 about tuscany
about florence 
about mugello 
about pisa
about versilia

 about italy
about liguria
about milan  about rome 
about turin
about venice





 search 













 hotels in siena 



please, activate javascript for correct visualization of the searchbox

















destination
 





arrival


12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031








 departure


12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031









best price guaranteed!















 terre di siena chianti crete senesi monte amiata val di chiana val d'elsa val di merse val d'orcia


tourist guide useful maps accommodation restaurants tourist offices transportations accessible siena the  weather learn italian shopping sports theathers & music nightlife cost of living quality of life


 addresses emergency medical assistance internet points rent a car rent a bike  wash & dry





welcome to about siena




 dear visitor, welcome to aboutsiena.com
           this is a non-commercial
            website that wants to give you most of interesting and useful information
            about one of the most beatiful city on the world: siena. we just
             try to collect for you most of possible information about the history
        and the way of life of the "town".

 aboutsiena.com is your online travel guide to siena - one of italy's
          best preserved medieval towns, located in the heart of tuscany. 
siena,
	     built on three hills and surrounded by well preserved walls, is filled
	     with fine examples of gothic architecture and has one of the world's
	     most unique piazzas - piazza del campo - (shaped like a shell with scalloped
	     edges). 
	     of course, the world-famous palio of siena is an important part of sienese
	     identity, history and culture.
to fully discover and appreciate all
            that siena offers, one should visit the city for more than a just
          a few days. siena makes an excellent base for other excursions in tuscany,
            as it is not far from charming towns such as san gimignano, pienza,
            and towns world famous for wine, such as montalcino and montepulciano.            
visit siena! aboutsiena.com            is filled with useful photos, maps, addresses and suggestions for
          making the most of your time, during your stay in siena. you will find
          information on a range of interests such as culture, events, museums,
          food & wine,
            shopping and language study.





discover the terre di siena! we created a new section dedicated to the wonderful terre di siena: chianti, val d'elsa, val di merse, crete senesi, val d'orcia, monte amiata and val di chiana.
 have you already visited them? do you have some pictures? we would like to create a special photo gallery with photos sent by visitors. if you want, send us your pictures with a short description! we will publish them online and make you aware of it. send everything to info@aboutsiena.com!











home siena guide

  useful links about: siena | italy 

info@aboutsiena.com









 

   © copyright: about siena – your tourist guide to siena
   webdesign and seo by web marketing team – p.i 05622420486











social

   facebook
   twitter
   flickr
   our blog





 







tweet

















languages

   english
   german
   french
   spanish
   italian







