



 



	neurocritical care society























































				ncs president affirms ncs's commitment to advancing research amid recent u.s. executive orders. read more







 


search
log in








search


























					x
				



















about ncs




about ncs


mission & vision


ncs roundup


leadership



committee leadership


sections


neurocritical care research central





neurocritical care foundation


partner with ncs



sponsor opportunities with ncs


global partners


research grants





curing coma®


inclusion in neurocritical care



position statements





contact us








membership




join/renew


benefits


ncs connect



inclusion in neurocritical care


pharmacists resources


nursing resources


physician resources


advance practice providers


trainee resources





designation & awards



fellow of neurocritical care





submit a research survey request








events




event calendar



podcasts


regional meetings


endorsed meetings


ncs journal club


enls® live events





annual meeting



call for concurrent session proposals


call for special session proposals


call for workshop proposals





world coma day








resources & publications




neurocritical care journal



about the journal


member access


visual abstracts


reviewer and author info





currents



about currents


leading insights


literature watch


ncs news


stories of hope





resources & publications



family and patient resources


copyright permission request





neurocritical care guidelines


books


podcasts


career center








ncs learning center




learning center


access my education


enls®



certification


recertification


train-the-trainer


host a live course
































the multi-professional medical team improving healthcare for patients with life-threatening neurological illness
comprised of physicians, nurses, pharmacists, advanced practice providers, researchers and scientists, neurocritical care teams help improve healthcare for patients with life-threatening neurological illness.
learn more











submit a proposal to the 23nd annual meeting annual meeting
shape the scientific and educational content delivered at the in-person meeting! submit a concurrent session, special session or workshop proposal by february 25.
learn more











emergency neurological life support (enls®) 6.0 is here
the latest enls course is designed to help healthcare professionals improve patient outcomes during the first hours of a neurological emergency.
learn more











join our neurocritical care community
now is the perfect time to join our growing organization of neurocritical care professionals. improve your patient care and unlock exclusive benefits through the end of 2025.
learn more











host an enls course for your team
the most significant advantage of the live/virtual course is that it allows real-time interaction with instructors who can clarify and provide examples based on experience.
sign up today




















								my ncs
							




								annual meeting
							




								ncs learningcenter
							




								career center
							
















the latest from currents

browse more






















role of point-of-care ultrasound in evaluation for pneumothorax


				  clinical case  

  a 70-year-old man presented to the hospital with a right frontal intracerebral hemorrhage (ich score 3) with intraventricular hemorrhage, mass effect, and midline shift. on ...
			
























validating the fluctuating mental status evaluation in neurocritically ill patients with acute stroke


				 researchers report the accuracy of a novel delirium screening tool for neurocritically ill patients, the fluctuating mental status evaluation (fmse). their prospective validation study included...
			


























president's update - february 2025


				 dear ncs members, 

 as we welcome february, i’m excited to share key updates and extend our gratitude to those who have made invaluable contributions to the neurocritical care society. 

  ...
			
























part 1: ray’s story of hope


				 life before the brain injury was busy. ray was on the move all the time. he worked in the automotive industry for a supplier and was in mexico, canada, or china more than he was at home in ...
			























continuing education
ncc on call®
authored by more than 90 multidisciplinary contributors and reviewed by an editorial board of global leaders in the field, it covers 22 topics applicable to physicians, pharmacists, apps, nurses, and trainees.


more info




















the neurocritical care foundation
supporting research and education focused on improving treatment and curing major neurological disorders.


learn more














curing coma®
the goal of curing coma® is to develop and implement coma treatment strategies that improve human lives.


get inspired














thank you to our sponsors
















































						330 n wabash ave. suite 2000, chicago, il 60611
						phone  312.321.5159  |  fax  312.673.6759
					

info@neurocriticalcare.org





contact us
curing coma®
currents
neurocritical care foundation
neurocritical care




						330 n wabash ave. suite 2000, chicago, il 60611
						phone  1.312.321.5159  |  fax  1.312.673.6759
					

info@neurocriticalcare.org















login


privacy statement  |  terms & conditions  |  ©  neurocritical care society
				









search











