













kids quest | hourly childcare, kids activities & arcade




























































  






























































kids quest




kids backkidskids quest is a spectacular space filled with outstanding activities for children 30 months* through 12 years of age! there’s fun around every corner at kids quest!kids quest loyalty rewards quest caféthe questsports zonekaraoke star stagevideo gamesarcade gamesipad station®creation stationapt. q.home sweet homeclimbing wallclub 305tiny totskidscraftconstruction quarryinteractive train tablethe labfamilies backfamiliescyber quest is a unique arcade that features family-friendly games for people of all ages to enjoy together.cyber quest club card cyber questthe prize zonequest caféhall of fame clubarcade gamesadults backadultsstart planning a dinner out or day at the spa!  our partner resorts have a variety of options to choose from while your kids enjoy kids quest!bingoboatingbowlingconcertsdininggaminggolfhotelmoviesnightlifepoolrv parksshoppingspaparties backkids quest partiescyber quest partiesplay time for groupslocationscareersnews & eventsabout backwho we arehours & pricinggift cardsresort partnerscareersbusiness partnershipsfaq























icon-find



icon-search




icon-print






icon-share




icon-close




icon-play



chevron-down



icon-chevron-right



icon-chevron-left



chevron-small-left



chevron-small-right



icon-facebook



icon-twitter



icon-mail




icon-youtube



icon-pinterest



icon-google_plus




icon-instagram





icon-linkedin





icon-arrow-right



icon-arrow-left



icon-download




cross



minus



plus



icon-map




icon-list








icon-map-pin




icon-telephone



icon-mail2













															play time for kids															

kids quest offers hourly, drop-in, child care, and entertainment for children ages 30 months* through 12 years of age. there’s always something new to explore inside kids quest, featuring the very latest in tech, video games, music, crafts, and other unique activities! we make it easy for adults to enjoy free time, while kids enjoy play time.









															free time for you															

kids quest is ideal if you're on vacation - or on staycation - and in need of a fun, safe place for your kids to play while you go and reconnect, have a night out, or even if you just need a break!









															play time together															

cyber quest is an arcade-like no other! our family-friendly games feature non-violent content and our fun-loving employees make a visit to cyber quest an interactive experience. best of all, cyber quest makes it easy to take a little bit of the fun home by offering the best in prize redemption at our signature prize zone!


















frequently asked questions
you asked. we answered! get answers to all of our most asked questions.
read more 





activities at a glance

            filter by / kids / families / view all



arcade games


karaoke star stage


apt. q.


the quest


creation station


quest café


multiball


climbing wall


ipad station®


construction quarry


club 305


sports zone


view all






19
national locations
kids quest provides hourly child care, kids activities, a family friendly arcade and family entertainment at the highest quality kid-friendly resorts throughout the country.
view all 














mohegan suna world at play and a world to its own, mohegan sun, created in 1996 by the mohegan tribe of connecticut, is one of the world's most amazing destinations boasting three world-class casinos.
more  









green valley ranch resort spa & casinogreen valley ranch resort, spa, & casino is the finest luxury hotel in henderson, nv -- exquisite both inside and out. it is the ultimate escape from the stress of the las vegas strip, but with the same great amenities.
more  









northern quest resort & casinoas the only tribally-owned resort in the inland northwest to be awarded both the aaa four diamond award and the forbes travel guide four-star rating, northern quest welcomes visitors with a contemporary urban setting and 250 luxurious guest rooms and suites. cheer on your favorite team with the largest hdtv screen (measuring 30 x 10 feet) east of the cascade mountains or try your luck with true las vegas-style gaming, including 1,600 slot machines, 37 tables games, and world-class entertainment.
more  









red hawk resort + casinolocated in placerville, ca in the foothills of the majestic sierra nevada mountains, red hawk casino has become one of the premier entertainment destinations in northern california.
more  













 


get rewarded!
when you visit kids quest and cyber quest, you will be rewarded for your loyalty! the more you visit and play, the more benefits you receive!
kids quest loyalty rewards
cyber quest hall of fame rewards






news & events

select a category
activities & events
contests
family funspot
halloween
holidays
just for fun
news
resource
what's new








diy movie night: creative ideas for family film evenings at home
            feb 01, 2024
            more 








slam dunk spectacular at cyber quest
            feb 19, 2025
            more 









keep in touch


                sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest news, events and activities.                            







careers
business partnerships
news & events
contact
faq
accessibility
 
			kids quest,
			3405 annapolis lane north #100,
			plymouth,
			minnesota			55447			 / 

1-800-941-1007 /
				contact@kidsquest.com



			© 2025 kids quest / privacy policy / terms & conditions
 / designed by mj kretsinger




























what can we help you find?







share 




share
share this page content with others.








































