


thevillages.net - common internet terms - email, tee-times, computer support - serving the villages, florida and the tri-county area.















home
services
help/faq

legal disclaimer

 
		352-753-4040        
		
support@thevillages.net






login >>
username:

password:



























the villages links


vmail
airport shuttle
careers in the villages
citizens first bank
community development districts
country club enhancements & executive trail pass
golfthevillages.com
the villages polo club 
the villages® app
the villages entertainment
the villages health
the waterfront inn 


news links


the villages daily sun
abc news
cbs news
fox news
msnbc
usa today
yahoo news


technology

exclusive-australia's woodside in talks with at least three partners for louisiana lng, sources sayeurope defense spending lifts stocks, hurts bonds: markets wrapopec+ is not considering delay to april oil supply hike, novak sayswhat to know about tiktok’s uncertain future in the us and the people who want to buy it1 software stock to add to your roster and 2 to avoid

sports

dodgers leveled up again, and 29 teams have themselves to blametgl week 6: ludvig åberg leads the bay past justin thomas, atlanta drive after genesis invitational win‘sorry, steve’: pete alonso is neither exhausted nor regretful after winding free-agency experience$66 million cap number means the chiefs will need to re-do patrick mahomes's deal, soon4 nations face-off: usa, canada to meet in final after fight-filled first matchup



common internet terms:
bookmark (also favorite and favorite place)
a shortcut back to a favorite web page. when you find a web page that you
like, you can add it to your list of bookmarks, usually by choosing from your web
browser's menu bar. the next time you want to return to that web page, just select it from
your list of bookmarks.
browser (also web browser)
a computer program you use to view pages on the world wide web. most browsers can
display words, pictures and sounds, and many browsers can also play movies, animations,
news tickers and more. common browsers include the aol browser, internet explorer, and
netscape navigator.
domain name
the unique name of an address on the internet. domain names usually consist of a
name, like thevillages, followed by a period (called a "dot") and ending with
one of several top level domains that describe the type of organization that runs that
address. the primary top level domains are:
.com - companies
.net - internet service providers
.edu - educational institutions
.mil - military
.org - non-profit organizations
.gov - government

examples of complete domain names are thevillages.com, whitehouse.gov, and harvard.edu.
together with other elements, domain names make up web addresses.
dot
the name for the period (.) that separates the pieces of an internet address. for
example, the web address "www.thevillages.net" would be pronounced "w-w-w
dot the villages dot net."
html (hypertext markup language)
html stands for hypertext markup language. html allows a person to define what
goes in a web page, what the page does, and how it looks in a web browser, as well as what
the words say, how to draw the pictures or play the sounds, where the links go and more.
http (hypertext transfer protocol)
the very first part of a web address that says, "i am a web address,"
and tells the computers on the internet to use the "hypertext transfer protocol"
to send information to and from your computer. (a "protocol" is just a techy
term for an agreed-upon way to swap information.)
hyperlink (also link)
hyperlinks tie information on the web together, making it easy to jump between
connected web pages. text hyperlinks are usually underlined blue text, and when you click
on a hyperlink with your mouse, you will "go" to another web page. for example,
a web page about sports might have a hyperlink to more information about basketball --
click on the hyperlink, and the basketball page is brought to your computer screen. (in
most web browsers, when you move your mouse over a hyperlink, the mouse arrow will turn
into a pointing finger, which means you can click that link.)
internet
the world's largest computer network, made up of thousands of smaller networks
and computers all connected together.
packet
the standard unit of information that is sent over the internet. when you
click on a hyperlink, the information on the web page you want is broken up into little
packets, sent over the wires and networks that make up the internet, and reassembled in
your computer so you can see them on your web browser.
plug-in
a small program that improves the capabilities of your web browser in a specific
way. downloading and installing a specific plug-in gives you a specific feature, like the
ability to listen to streaming audio (with the realaudio plug-in), or the capability to
view animated movies (with the flash plug-in). see the multimedia showcase for more
information and the most popular plug-ins.
search engine
a tool that lets you find information on the internet. you type words describing
what you're looking for, and the search engine scours the internet for web sites that
match your description. an example of a search engine is yahoo or altavista.
streaming
a particular way that files are sent over the web that lets you see or hear
information as it arrives, so you don't have to wait for the entire file to download.
web address
the location of a page on the world wide web, which usually looks like
"https://www.thevillages.net." web addresses are officially known as urls, which
stands for uniform resource locator.
web page (also page)
a document on the world wide web, created using html and seen with a web browser.
a web page can contain text, pictures, sounds, software files, movies and more. each web
page has a unique web address that describes how to get to it. a home page is a specific
kind of web page, usually the main page on a web site.
web site
a collection of web pages.
world wide web (also www, web)
the world wide web uses the internet to create a network of information, made up
of documents ("web pages") containing text, sounds, pictures, movies and more,
tied together with hyperlinks so that all this information is just a few clicks of the
mouse away.


 



©2025 the villages, inc. all rights reserved.
[ top of page ]
home
services
help/faq

legal disclaimer

    payment processing 







