











sterling on the lake | new homes near buford ga

































































homes


homefinder
quick move-ins
55+ living - the retreat
luxury living – the preserve



lifestyle


resident testimonials
activities & events
real reviews



amenities


new-home buying guide


gallery


meet our residents



blog


location


community map
surrounding area
new homes buford



contact


real estate professionals
faq



contact us

















stay in-the-know
get all the latest news & updates.




welcome back, !
click here to update your information
update your information




welcome back, !
click here to update your information
update your information




stay in-the-know
update your information
update your information
 














            your browser does not support the video tag.
    

own your bliss
come discover yours



 














own your bliss.
come discover yours




 








welcome to sterling on the lake
last chance for lake resort living in flowery branch
with only select homes left, this is your final chance to embrace the sterling on the lake lifestyle! paddling a canoe across a misty lake at sunrise, perfecting your serve in our community tennis league, or enjoying quality time with loved ones at the pool. with an array of amenities and a handful of spacious home styles remaining, don’t miss the opportunity to discover your bliss at sterling on the lake.
 
view all remaining home options

 












discover encore by david weekley homes before it's gone
in our 55+ neighborhood, encore by david weekley homes at the retreat, discover the remaining collection of stunning, low-maintenance, ranch-style homes. as a part of our amenity-rich, lake lifestyle at sterling on the lake, this gated neighborhood allows you to find the best of everything, including yourself!
don't miss out



 












hurry – luxury is waiting!
the final few opportunities to create your dream home await in the preserve luxury neighborhood. enjoy your bliss with even more beauty, serenity, and comfort when you choose a signature, estate-sized homesite. create the home you've always dreamed of —grand, scenic, and close to our newest pool complete with sundeck, covered pavilion, playground and tennis courts.
learn more



 







find your perfect home
ready to become part of our community now? explore our selection of beautiful new  55+ homes from david weekley homes.




view homes



 












find your bliss in our amenities
at sterling on the lake, we've thoughtfully planned and designed plenty of amenities to help everyone find their bliss. join our community tennis league and work on your swing. reserve the lodge and throw a birthday party or baby shower. take a canoe out on the lake. join friends, family and neighbors at the clubhouse for some quality lounging time by one of our resort-style pools or the fire pit--whatever makes you happy.
see our amenities



 







the latest at sterling on the lake





new year's resolution: spend more time in nature
this year, you can make exploring the natural beauty of the peach state your resolution. sterling on the lake’s convenient location in flowery branch means the outdoors will always be easily accessible.
more



 










find your bliss here
when you live at sterling on the lake, it's easy to feel away from it all, yet we're close to everything the surrounding community has to offer. please use the directions below to visit our beautiful community and model homes. 
use exit 8 - friendship road
take a right off the exit
turn left onto hog mountain road
turn right onto capitola farm road
turn right onto lake sterling blvd.
follow signs for your builder of choice, model homes and amenities 

learn more about our location







 











find your bliss.
 
see our privacy policy


stay up-to-date with sterling on the lake
don’t miss out on bliss. we’ll send you the latest community news, updates on new home offerings, & invites to upcoming events and activities. 


email address *





are you a real estate agent?





by providing your contact details, you agree to receiving electronic communications from brookfield residential properties ulc. and its subsidiaries. you may withdraw your consent at any time. information you provide will be used as described in our privacy policy.*



join now
please note: consumer protection laws in certain states may prohibit us from sending you a brochure or providing you any information on the sterling on the lake community.





find your bliss.
 
see our privacy policy


help us find your perfect home. tell us more about you.


the best type of home for me will be 


single-family detached home
townhome or duplex or villa
condo
custom home



on my next home i plan to spend 


under $200,000
$200,000-$249,999
$250,000-$299,999
$300,000-$349,999
$350,000-$399,999
$400,000-$449,999
$450,000-$499,999
$500,000-$549,999
$550,000-$599,999
$600,000-$649,999
$650,000-$699,999
$700,000 and over



home size 


less than 1,000 sq. ft.
1,000-1,499 sq. ft.
1,500-1,999 sq. ft.
2,000-2,499 sq. ft.
2,500-2,999 sq. ft.
3,000-3,499 sq. ft.
3,500-3,999 sq. ft.
more than 4,000 sq. ft.



bedrooms 


1-bedroom
2-bedroom
3-bedroom
4-bedroom
5-bedroom +



bathrooms 


1-bath
1.5-bath
2-bath
2.5-bath
3-bath
3.5-bath
4-bath
4.5-bath
5-bath +





primary bedroom on first floor



my timeframe to move is 


0-3 months
4-6 months
7-12 months
12+ months



my age range 


under 25
25-34
35-44
45-54
55-64
65 and over



55+ active living 


yes
no



i have children living at home 


yes
no



my children are 





under 5





5-11





12 and over





adult kids at home






next





find your bliss.
 
see our privacy policy


we’d like to get to know you. please share your info to get updates and event invites.


first name 



last name 



address 1 



address 2 



city 



state 


alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
canal zone
colorado
connecticut
delaware
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
puerto rico
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virgin islands
virginia
washington
washington dc
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming
alberta
british columbia
manitoba
new brunswick
newfoundland and labrador
northwest territories
nova scotia
nunavut
ontario
prince edward island
quebec
saskatchewan
yukon
unknown
non us resident



zip 



next





find your bliss.
 
see our privacy policy


why are you looking for a new home?


my reason for moving is 


be closer to family
better home design
better sense of community
change in family situation
closer to work
i need less space
i need more space
job relocation
military orders
purchasing a second / investment home
retirement
want access to better schools
want new home construction



next





find your bliss.
 
see our privacy policy




view homes lifestyle amenities
 
 
"thanks for showing interest in our beautiful community! we are excited to share all that sterling on the lake has to offer. if we can ever be of assistance, don’t hesitate to reach out. welcome to the inside scoop on sterling on the lake!"
the sterling on the lake team
 


























homefinder
 build your bliss 










amenities
discover your bliss










explore virtually
find your bliss








  








contact us
about newland


new home information office: 770.967.9777community map with model locations available onsite7004 lake sterling blvd. flowery branch, ga 30542 sterling on the lake hoaoffice: 770.965.3980by appointment only7005 lake sterling blvd. flowery branch, ga 30542


receive the latest community news and updates!
  

  





not an offering to residents of jurisdictions where prior qualification of out-of-state offerings is required unless sterling on the lake has been so qualified or an exemption is available.use of this site is subject to these terms of use and privacy policy your privacy choices    cookie settings



pricing and amounts are provided for informational purposes only, are non-binding, and are subject to adjustments and change. availability, prices, materials, and options may vary. monthly pricing is approximate and is subject to change without notice or obligation. square footage is approximate. all photographs, renderings and other depictions are for the sole purpose of illustration. brookfield and its affiliates do not discriminate against any class of persons protected by federal, state or local law. models do not reflect racial preference.
homes offered for sale include units built by independent third-party homebuilders (“builders” and each, a “builder”) unaffiliated with brookfield. builders may make changes in design, pricing and amenities without notice or obligation and prices may differ on builders’ websites. homebuyers who contract directly with a builder must rely solely on their own investigation and judgment of the builder’s construction and financial capabilities as brookfield does not warrant or guarantee such capabilities. additionally, brookfield makes no express or implied warranty or guarantee as to the merchantability, design, views, pricing, engineering, workmanship, construction materials or their availability, availability of any home (or any other building constructed by such builder at a community) or the obligations of any such builder or materialmen to the homebuyer.
© 2004-2019 sterling on the lake. all rights reserved. sterling on the lake is a trademark of nnp-looper lake, llc, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without prior written permission. equal housing opportunity
  
































