





 the global generations policy










































home
commentaries
impact

united states elder abuse initiative
oxford baby boom longevity initiative

susan adele greenfield


final report to president and the congress


about genpolicy

lorna rigney
paul hodge

summary photos
brazilian social entrepreneur success stories




books

the age explosion: baby boomers and beyond
baby boomer women: secure futures or not?

article summaries and contributors’ profiles
major findings




media
articles
contact us



 














impact of global generations policy institute
public service initiatives have directly impacted national policy, saved lives and protected/improved the quality of life for our aging and vulnerable fellow citizens in need.
								click to read more








global generations policy institute
non-partisan, non-profit action tank whose mission is to lead the nation and world in implementing intergenerational, systems-focused solutions to address our compelling intergenerational challenges.
								click to read more








books of global generations policy institute
published visionary books/led studies which have raised the awareness of the world, our nation, its leaders and citizens as to the special financial/retirement needs of women and aging baby boomers.
								click to read more








media of global generations policy institute
groundbreaking initiatives have received coverage from the national and international media such as as reuters, abc, cnn, cbs, pbs, wall street journal and washington post. 
								click to read more












           	 "the graying of america will transform politics, retirement systems, health care, welfare, labor markets, banking and the stock market."
            
forbes



           	 "the top one-third of the boomers will have lots of retirement choices, the bottom one-third will be working until they drop, just to keep food on the table and the middle one third's destiny is still being defined."
cnn



           	"unlike any other time in our nation's history, unless there are dramatic policy shifts, in terms of absolute numbers, baby-boomer women, most particularly minority women, will find their elder years to be a 'never ending' struggle." 

dow jones


"life expectancy is going to grow significantly, and current policies are going to be proven totally inadequate."
abc world news



"baby boomers and younger generations have been all but programmed to spend and consume rather than save money for their futures. but given the nation's economic squeeze, they should think about shrinking both they spending and debt if they want a worry free retirement and lifestyle." usa today


"people should heed the aesop fable of the carefree grasshopper, who plays all day, and the ant, who plans for hard times ahead, when it comes to preparing for their retirements. the problem is that our country still has a lot of grasshoppers running around."
          
harvard university bulletin


"global aging will affect us all. for example, europe, which is losing population, and japan, which has the oldest average female population, have instituted entitlement policies that are difficult to sustain. this will impact the united states."
wall street journal



       "today, elder financial abuse is where domestic abuse was about ten years ago. investigations and prosecutions and convictions of domestic abuse five years ago were few and far between."  cbs national news










about paul hodge & genpolicy




      paul hodge president of the global generations policy institute public servant, action-oriented innovator, social entrepreneur, public interest advocate, law enforcement leader, author, editor and educator – for 25 years, paul hodge has successfully confronted societal challenges by focusing his passion and creative talents to improving the quality of life for many of our fellow americans. […] 
          

 





global commentaries
 
paul’s 2022 solo around world adventure 

paul’s next solo around the world adventure will start november 12, 2022.  
 read more



paul hodge's solo around the world adventures






 




 






baby boom baby boomer women: secure futures or not?
baby boomer women: secure futures or not? is a unique study because it provides answers and solutions to women planning their employment, financial, retirement, health care and housing futures.

explore book







 














 




© copyright 2025 the global generations policy institute













