

citrus clonal protection program














  



the citrus clonal protection program has its roots in the  1933 original discovery of the virus nature of   the citrus psorosis disease by dr.  h. s. fawcett of the citrus   experiment station at riverside. that discovery  triggered the   establishment of the psorosis freedom program in 1937. in 1957,  the   citrus variety improvement program was inaugurated and it was later   renamed  to citrus clonal protection program (ccpp). 
 



today the ccpp stands as a cooperative program with the university of california, riverside (ucr)-department of microbiology and plant pathology, the university of california, division of agriculture and natural resources (ucanr), the california department of food and agriculture (cdfa), the united states  department of agriculture animal and plant health inspection service (usda-aphis)   and the citrus industry of the state of california represented by  the   california citrus nursery  board (ccnb) and the citrus research board (crb). since 2009, the ccpp has been a part of the national clean plant network (ncpn) for specialty crops.
 

 -make a gift to the ccpp foundation
 -upcoming citrus varieties
-start a citrus variety introduction inquiry
-order budwood online














 download the ccpp  brochure 






the ccpp provides a safe   mechanism for the introduction into california of citrus varieties from   any citrus-growing area of the world  for research, variety   improvement, or for use by citrus enthusiasts and the commercial   industry of the  state. this mechanism includes, disease diagnosis and   pathogen elimination  followed by maintenance and distribution of   true-to-type, primary citrus  propagative material of the    citrus varieties. 





 
      get more information about citrus variety introduction 







ccpp pathogen elimination from citrus varieties flow chart

 






start a citrus variety introduction inquiry

 




  
  the ccpp distributes  citrus budwood in accordance to the california department of food and agriculture   regulations to anyone interested to propagate citrus trees for   commercial or personal use. the ccpp does not distribute citrus seeds,   rootstocks, or trees. for such items contact your local nursery or click here for more information. 





 
          
 download the 

 ccpp budwood flyer








order budwood online





 





event calendar








  upcoming budwood cut dates








  
contact us
citrus clonal protection program
  department of microbiology and plant pathology
  university of california
  riverside, ca 92521
  voice: (951) 237-0303 for general inquiries
            (559) 429-9718 for budwood sales
  fax: (951) 827-4294
  email: ccpp@ucr.edu
  
acknowledgments
    the ccpp would like to thank the citrus growers and nurserymen of california  for their generous support, financial and otherwise as well as the university  of california lindcove research and  extension center for the excellent collaboration and maintenance  of the ccpp foundation block operations.


 




university of california, riverside

citrus clonal protection program-data management system (ccpp-dms)




