


hair loss treatment n hair care
hair loss treatment and hair care





























    
	hair loss treatment n hair care
	
  
hair loss treatment, transplantation free systematic guide. reasons for hair loss, hair loss treatment options - surgical and non surgical. hair transplantation caution.
alternate treatments for hair loss - ayurveda, homeopathy.









monday, october 23, 2006


 

	 10 survival steps for great and healthy hair
    


wash your hair regularly and keep them clean.massage your scalp regularly to ensure proper toning of hair.condition your hair with a good quality conditioner, if possible hair loss prevention by a herbal conditioner.do  not blow dry your hair very often. let it dry naturally.fo not expose your hair to the sun or strong winds for a long time. use a cap or umbrella to cover your hair if you are going to be in the open for a llong time to prevent hair loss.wash your hair with a mild shampoo and conditioner, if you have been swimming.have regular hair cut. it helps remove the broken ends and ensures even growth..use a good quality hair colour and special hair rejuvenators.stress and tensions can also cause hair loss. so learn to relax.your emotions and feelings effect the growth and health of your hair. try to be more cheerful and watch the hair grow more beautiful .yoga to prevent hair loss is also useful.follow a diet ( hair advice) which is rich in vitamins a, e and b.---------------------------------------------- hair loss treatment, natural hair loss treatment, hair loss treatment, natural hair loss treatment--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



posted by orangeclicks @ permalink  
      
         12 comments









sunday, february 05, 2006


 

	 hair loss treatment - 5 natural solutions
    


hair loss treatment  can be achieved ( or so the books say) by a few natural remedies. this is a second part of the series on natural hair loss treatment.solution 1. ( hair loss treatment)massage beet root juice on your scalp. do this regularly, every night.not only helps in hair loss treatment but also hair loss prevention.solution 2. ( hair loss treatment)boil a few curry leaves in 100 ml of coconut oil.use this decoction to massage your scalp and hair.leave for an hour , then shampoo as usual.for excellent results try this twice this week for hair loss treatment and prevention.solution 3. (hair loss treatment)grind the peels of lemon, orange and pomegranate.dry in the sun and mix the paste in coconut oil.massage your scalp with this mixture.leave it on for an hour, for proper hair loss treatment, before washing your hair.using it twice a week, for 6 months , will help in hair loss treatment and prevention.solution 4:(hair loss treatment)rosemary oil can be used to massage the sclp, but avoid this if you have oily hair.solution 5:(hair loss treatment)grind amla and make a paste with lemon juice.rub this mixture and leave it on for 10 minutes.shampoo as usual.this not only helps in hair loss treatment but also makes the hair long and healthy.click here for previous post onayurvedic tips for hair loss treatment.-------------------------------------hair loss treatment, natural hair loss treatment, hair loss treatment, natural hair loss treatment-------------------------------------



posted by orangeclicks @ permalink  
      
         7 comments









tuesday, january 31, 2006


 

	 hair care for different types of hair
    


hair care for different types of hairtypes of hair:before we get down to hair care, it is important to determine what kind of hair you have. different types of hair need different hair care products and tips. the use of wrong hair care techinque or hair care product may be detrimental to hair.some common guidelines for all hair:- always uses hair care products made by reputed companies , check the date of manufacturing and never use products older than 1 year.- frequent shampooing is harmful - never use a strong shampoo.- never comb, brush or massge vigourously.what are the different types of hair?the various types of hair are:dry hair, normal hair and oily hair. the hair care regimen differs for each kind of hair.what is dry hair?- the lack of sebum and oil causes dry hair.- flakiness of the scalp and dandruff are the direct result of dryness.- dry hair look limp, tends to be thin and rough, becomes less elastic, loses its bounce and body.- dry hair is susceptible to breakage and damage.tips for hair care of dry hair:- your hair care routine should aim at replenishing the oil and the moisture in your hair, as excessive dryness can causes hair to become brittle leading to hair loss.- hair can also become dry due to rigourous cleansing routines and dry toning exersices. condition your hair properly - for it restores and corrects the imbalance of moisture and oil in your hair.- use a good hair oil to massage your hair. it is a good idea to steam the scalp before a hot oil massage. with fingers planted firmly on the head, work the fingers in small circular strokes, first clock-wise and then anti clock-wise, to massage your scalp.- if the hair is extremely dry, rub a little oil right into the roots befre steaming. this is even more beneficial, as the subsequent steaming and a second massage with oil encourages better and deeper absorption( good hair care).what is normal hair?- the hair is healthy, shiny, and silky without over-dry ends or over-oily roots.-it has a good body and bounce.- it is easy to care for and cope with.tips for hair care of normal hair:- to maintain the balance of neither too oily nor too dry, condition your hair regularly.- use a good hair oil to massage your hair regularly.- don't shampoo frequently and never comb or brush vigorously.( good hair care)what is oily hair?-when the oil ( sebaceous) glands in the scalp secrete excess oil, it travels down the hair shaft, causing excessive oiliness of the scalp and hair.-oliy hair therefore appears lanky, dark and coarse.tips for hair care of oily hair:-the hair care routine should focus on removing the excess oil and the dead skin cells that clog up and suffocate the hair follicles.- regular cleansing helps wash away the excess oil from your scalp and removes the dead skin cells.- wash your hair every third or 4th day, with a good quality herbal shampoo for hair care.-toning helps to keep the hair healthy.- toning of the scalp and hair is achieved by gently massaging , the head with fingers, which helps in stimulating and invigorating the blood circulation requred for the healthy growth of hair.- do not use a hair oil, rather use a toning lotion for good hair care.- excessive oiliness, when neglected, often leads to falling hair and premature baldness. so hair care should not be neglected, as prevention is better than cure.



posted by orangeclicks @ permalink  
      
  








saturday, january 28, 2006


 

	 hair loss in men - dht
    


a quick reminder of dht and hair loss in men:although as much as possible , this blog is about natural hair loss solution and focus on ayurvedic treatments for hair loss, but i had to give a short para about dht and male hair loss.hair loss in menhair loss and thinning hair have been sensitive issues for men throughout time. recently, medical science has eventually identified the main cause of hair loss. at present, it's a known medical fact that hair loss stems from both genetic and hormonal causes. androgenetic alopecia or even "male pattern hair loss" is implicated in ninety five percent of hair loss cases. the key is a hormonal byproduct called dht (dihydrotestostrone). the even more dht that gets put into your body, the even more your hair follicles turn into thinner and finer until the hair is permanently wasted.dht and hair lossdht is 1 of many male hormones in the body. dht is developmentally vital early in a man's life; however, it appears to be a cause of hair loss as men get older. dht shrinks the hair follicle until it no longer produces obvious hair.doctors believe that excess dht is an apparent cause of hair loss.the causes of hair loss aren't well defined; however, researchers have uncovered that men with male pattern hair loss have increased levels of dht in the balding area of their scalps. individual hair usually follows a cycle of expansion, falling out, and new expansion. however increased levels of dht are believed to contribute to the shortening of the expansion phase and a shortening of the time it takes for the hair to fall out. this results in thinning of the hair on the scalp.------------hair loss, hair loss, androgenetic alopecia, hair loss, alopecia, baldness, bald, hair loss, hair loss.------------



posted by orangeclicks @ permalink  
      
         5 comments









monday, january 23, 2006


 

	 hair loss during pregnancy
    


hair loss and pregnancy:although pregnancy is a wonderful phase for a woman, but it tends to bring with itself lots of hormonal disturbances, especially wwith regards to hair loss and weight gain.a woman tends to enjoy a great time with her hair as it becomes strong and shiny during pregnancy, because the there is an increase in the level of estrogen, which maintains hair in the growth phase and stimulates hair growth as well.however, post partum, thick hair that was aquired may start to thin as estrogen levels drop. this usu happens three months after delivery, and is called as - post partum hair loss.hair starts to fall in copiuos bunches with increased soreness in the scalp in front and top along with thinning. hair are suddenly pushed in the telogen phase which is the falling phase. this type of hair loss is called as - telogen effluvium.the luxuriant hair growth is reduced to hair loss after pregnancy.hair loss after pregnancy is often increased by factors like: hormonal imbalances, physical stress and lack of sleep due to attending to the baby, vitamins and iron deficiency.treatment options for hair loss after pregnancy:keeping in mind the general nature of this blog:hair loss can be retarded with proper dietary care. hair foods including spinach in any form, 5-6 cubes of paneer, 2 glasses of milk, 12-14 glasses of water along with vitamins and iron and good diet.( diet and hair loss, see below) with adequate rest should prevent hair loss.ayurvedic treatment for hair loss is also very, very helpful.(see below )in short, esp for hair loss after pregnancy: hair oil is very good hair and scalp conditioner. oil doesnot neccesarily cease hair loss but helps in conditioning which is a prerequisite for healthy hair.also regular sleep, fresh air and excersices will help reduce hair loss.but still it is always preferable to be in touch with a doctor as hair loss and pregnancy are hormonal cousins.-------------------hair loss after pregnancy, pregnancy and hair loss, haie loss, hair loss during pregnancy, post partum hair loss, female hair loss, hair loss in women, prevent hair loss after pregnancy, post partum hair loss, telogen effluvium, prevnt hair loss post partum, hair loss and pregnancy, hari loss and pregnancy-------------------



posted by orangeclicks @ permalink  
      
         3 comments









wednesday, january 18, 2006


 

	 hair loss and diet
    


diet and hair losshow your hair looks, depends a great deal on your diet. remember , hair is nourished from the inside. a well balanced, nutritious diet will work wonders for your hair.iron deficiency and hair loss:iron deficiency causes maximum damage to the hair by lowering the haemoglobin level, which in turn redusec the oxygen carrying capacity of blood. oxygen deficiency weakens the hair follicles, leading to dryness of the scalp and hair loss.proteins and tissues and hair loss:proteins and tissues are extremely imp for hair tissues, their deficiency may lead to premanent hair damage and irreparable hair loss.soyabean, is a rich source of protein and and hence is good for hair, although only in required amounts.calcium and hair loss:milk is rich source of calcium and thus essential for healthy hair. all milk products are recommended for good hair and to fight hair loss.minerals and hair loss:minerals and vitamin supplies like zinc, vitaminb( as it is water soluble unlike a,d,e,k), etc, are also essential for healthy hair and to minimize hair loss.yeast and hair loss:yeast is a rich source of vitamins and hence  good for healthy hair and various hair loss and other hair disorders should include yeast in their diet.curd(yogurt) and hair loss:it is very good for hair, not only through diet but also through external application on hair. it ontains a type of bacteria which is very good for skin and hair and thus good in prevention of hair loss.iodine is another element which is essential for healthy hair. as ppl living in coastal area have good hair - its due to iodine, which is present in fish. thus fish to prevent hair loss. fruits like plums and vegetables like brinjal, are also rich in iodine and help prevent hair loss.some of the commonest questions regarding hair loss are:'can improper diet lead to hair loss? ''can hair loss be prevented by a balanced diet?' 'what should i eat for healthy hair?'the answers are both yes and no.one of the major causes of hair loss is poor eating habits. nutritional deficiencies tend to weaken hair shafts, which then break the hair strands and retards hair regrowth. in most cases improper diet causes nautritional imbalances. few cases of hair loss are due to eating disorders like anorexia and bulimia. hair loss could also be due to body's inability to absorb nutrints from food. a recent survey on a group of women suffering from female pattern hair loss revealed that over 95% of them were anaemic. the fast food culture, stressed lives, irregular eating habits, improper meal times in working population, are some of the contributing factors for hair loss.some common hair boosters and their chief sources:1. vit a : red, yellow, orange fruits and vegetables as weel as some dark greeny veg. liver fish, oil, eggs, fortified milk. will prevent hair loss.2. vit b6,folic acid,vit b12: protein rich foods such as - chicken , fish, whole grains, cereals, nuts and legumes.folic acid - leafy vegetables, avocado ( from: diet and hairloss)3. magnesium, mangenese: cereals, spinach. wholemeal bread, nuts, pulses, fruits.4. zinc: whole wheat products, jowar, bajra, ragi, mushrooms, shell fish, pumpkin seeds.5. iron: spinach, ragi, jaggery, dates and figs, raisins, orange meats.6. silica: eat a serving of capsicum and cucumbers daily.7. proteins: milk and its products, pulses and legumes.8. biotin: yeast; liver, meat, rice bean, soyabeans, mushrooms.9. iodine: fish, brinjal..but unfortunately, hair loss can not just be treated by getting the right nutrients. for eg:case study:shelly has a severe hair loss despite a healthy and well balanced diet. on examination, she was found to have dry scaalp and thin hair. after the blood tests it was found that she had hb 6.5 , while the normal is around 12 for a woman. she was prescribed homeopathic medicines to improve her haemoglobin count and thus improved her nutrient absorbing capacity. and when her ahemoglobin became par with normal ( after 6 months) , the hairloss problem also came in control, and today she enjoys healthy hair.thus the topic hair loss and diet.--------------------------------------------------hair loss, diet and hairloss,hair loss treatment, hairloss, prevent hair loss, women hair loss, female hair loss, diet and hair loss, treatment of hair loss, natural hair loss treatment, ahir loss, haie loss, hair loss and diet---------------------------------------------------



posted by orangeclicks @ permalink  
      
         2 comments









tuesday, december 27, 2005


 

	 ayurveda - prevent and treat hair loss
    


 go through this page, however due to the excess material i've had to make a separate blog to deal with the individual ayurvedic herbs which help in hair loss prevention and treatment.click here, but do read this post too.try hot oil massage weekly once for at least 3 months. it is very good for hair fall.massaging the hair scalp with fingers till it starts to tingle with the heat will activate the sebaceous glands and enables the blood circulation and makes the hair grow healthy.diet should comprise of nuts, pulses, egg, milk and leafy vegetables for adequate nutrition.-------------------natural treatmentsuccess has been achieved through use of plant extracts that promotehair growth and improve the health of the scalp. henna, reetha, shikakai, amla, bael have been used for controlling hair loss since age-old days. these extracts have no side effects.home recipesapplications of castor oil and iodine alternately for a week is excellent for this problem of hairloss.steam the head by wringing out a hot towel and wrapping it around the head.then shampoo and use a conditioner. a conditioner offers your hair abuffer against external damage – also making it more manageable.soak about 200 grams of reetha in four glasses of water. leave overnight.next morning, boil the mixture for 10 to 15 minutes.squash the reetha seeds and strain the water. apply to hair.a paste of lemon seeds and black pepper can be applied on bald patches, twice a week.massage whipped egg white all over the scalp. allow it to dry before washing off.wash hair with a paste of cooked ‘ urad dal’ and fenugreek (methi), three times a week prevents hairloss.combine together 5 tablespoons of pure undulated coconut milk withone tablespoon of lemon juice. massage well into the scalp.most soaps and shampoos have chemicals, use amla and shikakai instead.oiling and massaging the scalp is a must once a week. use aloe veraoil, or coconut oil or mustard oil twice a week. check your diet – take sufficient proteinsand vitamins. minerals and iodine are also important. iodine helpsimprove circulation of blood in the scalp.hair must be protected from treatments that cause damage so aregular hair care routine must be followed. unfortunately, we sit up only when we are confronted with a problem.remedies for hair loss and baldingayurveda can be very beneficial in treating these conditions as itinvestigates the root cause of the problem. the causes for these hair conditions are:excess of pitta dosha in the body is the chief cause of hair problems. pitta is increased by excessive intake of tea, coffee, alcohol, meatsand excessive smoking. pitta is also aggravated by eating too much fried, oily, greasy, spicy, sour, and acidic foods.intake of too many chemical medicines, low blood circulation, anemia,general weakness after disease, stress, anxiety, and mental tension are alsoprime causes of hair loss.chronic diseases like typhoid fever, presence of dandruff or lice and hormonal imbalance also cause hair loss.so watch out carefully for these reasons! you may be overdoing one of them, and thus losing your beautiful hair.treatmentthe first step is to locate the root cause in your diet or lifestyle thatmay be increasing the pitta dosha. once you locate it, try to give up or atleast reduce the diet, habit, or activity responsible for increasing pitta.always use a natural shampoo or soap to clean the hair. as mostsoaps and shampoos have chemicals, they might be the cause of your problem. usually the chemicals have a heating effect, and increase pitta locally.amala (embilica officinalis), shikakai (acacia concinna) are very commonly used in india for washing the hair.oiling and massaging of scalp is very beneficial for stopping the hair loss. usecoconut oil or mustard oil at least three times in a week. certain medicated oils like 'mahabhringraj oil', 'amala oil', and 'arnica oil' are very useful. put oil on the scalp,and massage gently in the roots of the hair.the person should maintain a regular bowel movement everyday. in case ofconstipation, a mild natural laxative can be taken. triphala, an ayurvedicherbal powder, is also useful.diet should contain more green leafy vegetables, salads, milk, fruits and sprouts.take more proteins, milk, buttermilk, yeast, wheat germ, soybean and vitamin a.regular physical exercise is very beneficial as it helps in balancing the aggravated doshas.a special ayurvedic preparation made from bhringraj (eclipta elba), amala,corals, iron and black sesame seeds is very useful, and even stops the graying of hair.rub your scalp vigorously after washing the hair. it increases the blood circulation, and activates the sebaceous glands.a mixture of lettuce and spinach juice is good to drink to induce hair growth. the juiceof alfalfa mixed with that of carrot, and lettuce juice is also good to take.daily application of coconut oil mixed with lime juice on the hair is also beneficial.applying juice of green coriander leaves on the head is also good.washing the hair with a paste of cooked urad dal (black beans) andfenugreek (methi) 2-3 times a week, is also good.a paste of licorice made by grinding it in milk can be applied in the bald patches. it induces hair growth. a paste of seeds of lemon and black pepper may also be applied on the bald patches.these remedies are worth trying and will solve your hair problems.-------------------click here for more informationi also request readers to activily contribute to this post about hair loss.



posted by orangeclicks @ permalink  
      
         3 comments




























web



hairclinic.blogspot




















 team building training
 corporate training

about me

name:  orangeclicks 
location:  mumbai 
hoping to see some body suffer a bit less due to the psychological depression created by hair loss.
view my complete profile



links

* detailed hair loss ayurveda
* propecia hairregrowth guide
* rogaine hairregrowth guide
weightloss surgery,liposuction
*natural hair loss, volume formula shampoo & conditioner with amor crescido and sea kelp extract 

previous posts

10 survival steps for great and healthy hair
hair loss treatment - 5 natural solutions
hair care for different types of hair
hair loss in men - dht
hair loss during pregnancy
hair loss and diet
ayurveda - prevent and treat hair loss
hair loss myths
transplantation disadvantages, cost
hair transplantation - surgical

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
october 2006








featured products
 








-----




click here! for a free guide to hair transplant cost n risks!! 







 













blogarama

hairloss remedy










