




 






congregation ahavath chesed - reform jewish synagogue - jacksonville



























































 


home
news

latest messenger
event calendar


temple info

about us
our history
frequently asked questions
about jacksonville
clergy

rabbi maya glasser
rabbi ashley englander


lay leadership
staff
membership
join our team!


community in action

brotherhood
sisterhood

executive committee
calendar
catering


t3 – temple 20’s and 30’s
youth groups

jafty


caring committee
music groups

friday night live band
temple chorale


havurah
mitzvah days
scouting – bsa troop 12
business sponsors


worship

shabbat
days of awe
yahrzeit


education

temple archives
adult education
b’nai mitzvah
confirmation
consecration
judaism, liturgy and scripture
temple religious school

religious school calendar

donate


family and youth engagement handbook 2024-2025


wurn family library


shulcloud login
donate
 












 



 



 



 

 























                                                l'chaim on the chai seas fundraiser                                        







                                                click here for livestream                                        






 

 

  

 

  

 

  

 

  

 

 




















temple calendar of events










discover the joy of judaism!we invite you to join our historic congregation. make memories with us. whether you are hearing the sacred readings and ancient melodies for the first time, or you know it all by heart, you are welcome. find personal solace as we recite kaddish as a community. celebrate with newlyweds as they break a glass under the chuppah. lend helping hands to neighbors in need. smile as you hear the sweet voices of our youngest congregants during consecration. share the sense of accomplishment as young teens become b’nai mitzvah.everyone is welcome in our temple family, the young and the young-at-heart; the single and the partnered; the jew by birth and the jew-by-choice; the able-bodied and the challenged. no matter where you have been or where you are going, rediscover the joy that is judaism here at congregation ahavath chesed! 

 



 









from the union for reform judaism / reform movement meet four black jewish leadersmeet four black jewish leaders
jemerman
february 7, 2025

jews of color

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              black jews continue to help shape our society, emerging as social justice leaders, writers, chefs, actors, and more. i hope you'll enjoy learning about these black jewish influencers whose intersectional identities have influenced their work.


      supporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging momentsupporting immigrants and refugees in this challenging moment
jemerman
february 6, 2025

refugees

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              welcoming the stranger, or immigrant, is a core part of jewish tradition, mentioned 36 times in the torah. we affirm our commitment to create the same opportunities for today's immigrants that were so valuable to our own community not so many years ago.


      experiencing a divorce? you are not aloneexperiencing a divorce? you are not alone
jemerman
january 17, 2025

divorce

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              starting from the torah we see that divorce is acceptable in judaism, that not all marriages are meant to last, and that one or both individuals in the couple have their reasons.


      unlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrasesunlock sephardi culture and connection with these 10 ladino phrases
jemerman
january 17, 2025

jewish life around the world

	
  
  
  
    image
                



          

  



              growing up in seattle, i was fortunate to be surrounded by the city's vibrant sephardi jewish community. seattle, with its large sephardi population, was the perfect place to grow up immersed in the language and flavors of this unique jewish culture.


       



↑



  jafty
  temple brotherhood
  temple sisterhood
  temple 20’s & 30’s
 




 the temple jacksonville8727 san jose boulevard jacksonville, fl 32217
 p: (904)733-7078   f: (904)448-9285
mon – thu 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
fridays       9 a.m. – 4 p.m.

 

 



copyright 2020 - the temple jacksonville - congregation ahavath chesed
please send any website questions or comments to webmaster@thetemplejacksonville.org								© 2025 urj
			








 
 














