








whole health











site updated: july 7, 2022myths, misconceptions and things i've learnedâ - new!most nutritious fruits & vegetables-a no nonsense list to show you what plant foods really are higher in nutritionfood & recipes-â info, recipes, tools and resourcesnutritionlow carb product reviewsforums & chatsdiet fact vs. diet fiction-report by me clearing up the myths and confusion about low carb dietinglow carb inspiration-why you should go low carbâ low carb advice-things i've learnedâ recipe reviewsâ nutrition information for recipesâ (some, not all)low carb/paleo success storiesexercise/fitnessraf diet or primal dietraf diet survey resultsdental healthwater, there are more benefits to drinking water than you know!site mapnew pagescut caloriesskinnutrientssuper foodslow carb skepticfood mythsplant toxinsfastingvegetarian mythsmeatgrainsfiberinsulinldlother dietsmiscfood mythsnutrition blogs:whole health source: ancestral diet and nutritionprimal wisdommark's daily applefree the animalthe daily lipidfat headpanuthe healthy skepticat darwin's tablethat paleo guydrbriffagary taubesarchevoredisclaimer:â i am not a doctor and therefore not qualified to give specific medical advice. â what i know is what's on this site basically. â this site is for informational purposes. â any specific questions you may have about a medical condition should be discussed with your doctor.much of the information you will find on this site may contradict what you've been taught to believe, an open mind is needed. â please don't dismiss anything until you actually check out the links and read about it. â the truth is often hidden and contradicts mainstream knowledge. â you may change your mind about some things.our beliefs are shaped by society. â we believe what any authorities tell us, we assume it must be truth. â mainstream knowledge is based on what is heard, passed on, interpreted, assumed from what we hear from the media, the government and corporations (which play a large role). â should we put so much blind faith in sources which are often over-run by greed? â shouldn't we ask ourselves if what we're being told really makes sense. â for example, we're always hearing how bad cholesterol is for us, but how could something that has been a large part of our natural diet throughout a large part of our evolutionary history and which is needed in large amounts by the body (especially the brain) be so toxic? â what if there is something to be gained by someone by villanizing one thing and promoting another....thisâ is one good example of how the truth can be twisted for financial gain. â 























almond flour-all about nut flour, what it is, how to use it and where to buy iterythritol-all about erythritol, what it is, how to use it and where to buy it.














website designed at homestead™ get a website and list your business










