













shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging in falmouth ma






























































shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging


shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging navigation menu

skip to main content
welcome
sitemap
all guest rooms
policies
find us
dining
things to do
accessibility statement
specials & packages
events





official site: get your best rates
we guarantee our best prices are available directly through this official website
book direct









call (508) 540-3000 for assistance


  


check availability 




menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
rooms and rates

guest rooms

view all guest rooms
standard plus room
standard room
economy single room
split room
superior room
parlor room


policies
amenities
ada property features
check availability
book now


specials & packages
dining
events
things to do
find us

map
directions
contact us


 
















 attractions






 accommodations






 events









welcome to shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging




an inviting alternative to contemporary hotels, our inn is a unique part of the falmouth, ma community, offering a glimpse of authentic cape cod life, past and present.
we are, decidedly and unabashedly, a place where things of the past are not only preserved, but genuinely preferred to the generic atmosphere of many lodging options, today. at shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging, guests will find authenticity in our historic surroundings, in our hospitable staff and in our other guests.
our family-owned and managed inn began with nine rooms and two bathrooms in our worthington house, an historic sea captain’s home built in 1806, and bombarded eight times by the british in the war of 1812.
purchased by the dineen family in 1959, it was the beginning of a decades-long preservation project on one of falmouth’s oldest and most historic streets. recycling, upcycling and sustainability have been and continue to be a large part of the inn from its inception…long before the current trends.
today, the inn offers 70 rooms, some with kitchens…all with private baths and contemporary conveniences of refrigerators, voicemail, etc. complimentary wi-fi is available in our lobby and public parlor areas. shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging is now comprised of six buildings, four of which were converted from historic homes into b&b-style accommodations and two 1960’s hotel and motel buildings, which are well on their way to becoming another part of falmouth’s “historic” past.

keeping history and tradition alive is best done by people who have been a part of it, and we are pleased that many of our staff, along with our family members and so many of our return guests have been at shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging for a long time…some of us for decades! we’re one of falmouth’s few remaining family-owned properties where the second and third generation of the founding family is still involved in the day-to-day operations of the inn.
our secluded location on one of falmouth’s most historic streets offers you the restful solitude of residential cape cod. yet, just a stroll will take you to charming falmouth village and picture-perfect surf drive beach with its spectacular view of martha’s vineyard and nobska lighthouse.
walk to just about everything! the village, beach, duck pond, playground, bird sanctuary, day spas, shops, galleries, museums, churches, trolley stop, library, and more than twenty restaurants from sidewalk cafes and pubs to ethnic eateries and fine dining! martha’s vineyard ferries departing from falmouth harbor are just one mile away…martha’s vineyard ferries departing from woods hole are just three miles away and shining sea bikeway is only one and a half miles away.
our 70 non-smoking accommodations blend the features of many bed & breakfasts on cape cod with the choice of traditional and contemporary rooms, family rooms, suites, vacation rentals with full kitchens, one-bedroom extended stay residences, and an eight bedroom/eight-bathroom cottage!

“book smart b & b packages” include breakfast for direct bookings (june-october) and use of the inn’s facilities plus additional facilities at our sister property, green harbor waterfront lodging.
indoor and outdoor pools
men’s and ladies’ saunas
spacious grounds, lawn games, swings, garden gazebos, umbrella tables and bbq grills
complimentary wi-fi in our lobby and parlor areas
dining facilities for up to 200; meeting facilities for 100
excellent value packages for dinner & dancing weekends, reunions, retreats, honeymoons, christmas parties, school vacations, scrapbooking and quilting weekends

visits to nearby plymouth, hyannis, and provincetown make wonderful day trips. whale watching excursions are available from all three towns from may through october. with our inn’s convenient “walk to everything” location and falmouth as your homeport; you need only unpack once during your entire visit!
for reservations, please call, write, or complete our online reservation request. we look forward to sharing our special little corner of cape cod with you!

read more 








 memorable events

get details 








home away from home


get details 








 family friendly fun on cape cod

learn more 




official sitebook here for best availability and ratesbook direct







 








shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging
59 shore st falmouth, ma 02540 phone: (508) 540-3000
https://www.shorewayacresinn.com    info@shorewayacresinn.com
latitude: 41.5506935 longitude: -70.6144409














© shoreway acres inn & cape cod lodging 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.  photography by devon bernsleyaccessibility statement | privacy policy | site map


















 


