








selah`s long hair german shepherds




















selah`s long hair german shepherdsakc gentle giants! puppies availablewe can ship all over usa by air!â over 60% shiloh shepherd lines from selah`s breedings. embark tested. limited registration pet home only!for sale near you!, pick up at our home!




pupclassifieds- puppies for sale, dog breeder directory, & dog breed information.

ultimate pet directorydog breeders



visit this dog website: dogs,dog training

german shepherd - check out greatdogsite.com for german shepherd information; read reviews, view photos and ask questions.

i advertise for free on pupcity.com!dogs dogs for sale dog breeds german shepherdgerman shepherd puppies
text: 304-359-4275â  â land line 304-947-5480â  â please give us extra time to get back with you on text, we have slow cell service. it is best to call by land line.scroll down to enter the rest of our websiteenter selah`s websiteâ order your nuvet supplement now! i will be giving you a sample to take home with your puppy. this is an immune system support, puppies are developing their immune system the first year of their life!order nuvet plus (800)474-7044â  order code: 46363we are located in paw paw,wvhampshire county, near slanesvilleclick here to go to our instagram for lots of referenceâ  https://www.instagram.com/longcoatgermanshepherd4u/akc selah`s long hair german shepherdspheobe/deisel puppies ready to go 12/11/24awesome pedigree! look at the picture pedigree below!taking deposits! black/silvers, blk/tans!price of pups is $1,500.00, shipping by air to the west coast is an additional $775.00 firm. if you are mid west or east coast shipping will be less. we us a nanny that rides with the puppy as vip. i can deliver up to 2hrs. away. we have other options for ground delivery, contact us for more info. we prefer to have you come to our home to meet the dogs!silas is diesel`s sire, mature @3yrsofa gooddid i mention this is superb breeding!! silas is ofa good giving us just the right amount of outcross, so gentle and loving temperament! our line breeding back into our old lines from our breedings of the shiloh shepherd / don baker foundation lines, keeps our large size, good hips, straight back, large dome heads, and long life!dot dee, mother to dieselsaxton sire to dottie 130lbslaken is mother to lutherofa gooddeacon is sire to saxton and luther 100lbsofa excellentboss is grandsire to deaconofa good 130lbswe put great planning into our breedings, this is distant line breeding on deacan, deacon was ofa excellent hips. excellent temperament, lived to be 13yrs. old!luther is sire to mollyofa good 130lbsluker/molly pheobe parentsâ 125lbspheobeâ  â  â  â  â  â  â  dieselpuppies, click herenew puppy pictures will be on sat. because of thanksgiving!

website designed at homestead™ make a website and list your business










