







homepage | histiocytosis association

































































skip to content







































search









close



 






understanding histio overview of histiocytic disorders hemophagocytic syndromes langerhans cell histiocytosis in adults langerhans cell histiocytosis in children pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis erdheim-chester disease rosai-dorfman disease xanthogranuloma malignant histiocytosis diabetes insipidus/arginine vasopressin deficiencyresearch the road to a cure annual funding process registries, clinical trials, & genomic sequencing grants awarded funding opportunitiesresources resource overview physician finder resource directory education & peer connection educational video series webinars peer chats regional meetings beyond the diagnosis podcast yoga for histio scholarship program student scholarship program ingrassia early career travel scholarshipwho we are about the association executive director news & blog impact & financials histio ambassadors partnerships & sponsors organizational history contact the associationget involved donate how to get involved raise awareness fundraising events other ways to give annual campaigns job & volunteer opportunities estoredonatesubscribe




menu 




×
understanding histio overview of histiocytic disorders hemophagocytic syndromes langerhans cell histiocytosis in adults langerhans cell histiocytosis in children pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis erdheim-chester disease rosai-dorfman disease xanthogranuloma malignant histiocytosis diabetes insipidus/arginine vasopressin deficiencyresearch the road to a cure annual funding process registries, clinical trials, & genomic sequencing grants awarded funding opportunitiesresources resource overview physician finder resource directory education & peer connection educational video series webinars peer chats regional meetings beyond the diagnosis podcast yoga for histio scholarship program student scholarship program ingrassia early career travel scholarshipwho we are about the association executive director news & blog impact & financials histio ambassadors partnerships & sponsors organizational history contact the associationget involved donate how to get involved raise awareness fundraising events other ways to give annual campaigns job & volunteer opportunities estoredonatesubscribe








donate










 


















fighting for a cure



dedicated to addressing the unique needs of patients and families dealing with the effects of histiocytic disorders while leading the search for a cure. 

























fighting for a cure



dedicated to addressing the unique needs of patients and families dealing with the effects of histiocytic disorders while leading the search for a cure. 



















i am...






















newly diagnosed






 




















a patient or caregiver






 




















a researcher






 




















a healthcare professional






 



















what we do



the histiocytosis association is a global nonprofit organization dedicated to addressing the unique needs of patients and families dealing with the effects of histiocytic disorders while leading the search for a cure. 























fund research


$7.5 million in total research funded that is resulting in fewer patient fatalities and more effective treatments. 








donate
















provide information & resources


to 19,500+ physicians, patients, families and friends since the organization began in 1986. 








resource directory
















community outreach


we connect patients and families through meetings and events, and connect physicians through the histiocyte society. 








get involved
















support clinical trials


we promote new and emerging treatments through the funding of clinical trials and studies. 








learn more















































"i'm so thankful for the histiocytosis association! we were so scared and confused when we first got the diagnosis but the information we found here really helped. we were able to find a great doctor and connect with other families with the same disease."
- rachele, a histio mom & volunteer









find a doctor









learn from expert physicians





































featured videos













 







play video





hope for the future







 







play video





you are not alone







 







play video





focus on adult lch/plch







 







play video





educational webinar: focus on hlh







 







play video





finding a cure







 







play video





2020 histio student scholarship recipients






 

 






















explore our resources



we strive to ensure you have all of the information and support you need, at every step of the way. explore these resources, or contact us directly at info@histio.org or 856-589-6606 for help with any questions you may have. 











educational videos, webinars, podcast, yoga, and more









search by category or location for support









find a physician in your area























histio warriors









 




"diagnosed in jan 1998, the internet was still relatively new and it was very difficult to find any information on this horrible disease my son had. it wasn’t until almost a month later that i finally came across the histiocytosis association. they gave me information & support when no one else could."

- mother of jonathan
diagnosed with lch at 2, now 22 years old








"being a part of this community helped me to understand what lch is and how to explain it to others and raise awareness."

- mom of georgie
4 year old histio warrior








"i am incredibly grateful for the support from the histiocytosis association. funding from the histiocytosis association provided critical support for our studies of a new treatment for adults with histiocytosis called cobimetinib and helped support the eventual fda approval of this treatment."

- dr. omar abdel-wahab
histio expert & research grant awardee








the histio community connects patients, family members, friends, researchers, and the medical community in the fight against all histiocytic disorders; i’m glad you found the histiocytosis association.

deanna
histiocytosis association executive director



 



















our impact











$8m
in research grants that are resulting in fewer patient fatalities and more effective treatments.











19,500
physicians, patients, and families have relied on our resources and information since 1986.











258
physicians and researchers gather to share knowledge through the histiocyte society.











360
physicians are a part of our directory that provides patients access to experienced clinicians, which can result in better outcomes.












help these numbers grow



we cannot make an impact without the help of our histio community members like you! 








choose a donation amount:











$35




$50




$100




$250




$500




other


 









 
















histiocytosis association, inc.








332 north broadway, pitman, new jersey  08071 usa
phone: +1 856-589-6606 | fax: +1 856-589-6614
email: info@histio.org
us & canada toll-free: 1-800-548-2758
tax id: 22-2827069

privacy policy










make a donation today




































stay connected to the
histio community









sign up for our newsletter











visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our instagram page





visit our youtube page





 












© 2024 histiocytosis association, inc., all rights reserved.











terms of useprivacy policycontact the associationstate fundraising noticessite map













 

scroll to top














