







 




yarnick's farm market, indiana, pa - home grown vegetables and black angus beef

























































yarnick's farm market
155 thomas covered bridge road
indiana, pa 15701
724-349-3904
you can't get fresher than yarnick's
 





 





1
2
3
4
5


















home
farm market
our jarred products
our farm

pictures
directions
contact
twin country accordions






 experience the charm of yarnick's farm & greenhouses

closing for the season nov. 23, 2024
we are now closed for the season. see you in the spring. thank you!



yarnick's farm is a family owned and operated vegetable, beef and pork farm located in the beautiful rolling hills of indiana, pa. we have been producing high quality products since opening 44 years ago!
friendly, courteous service and superior quality are not old-fashioned ideas at yarnick's farm market, they are how we choose to do business every day. that is just part of what dan and lynette yarnick call "the charm of yarnick's farm."          
our farm market includes a full line of vegetables from our farm, grain-fed black angus beef, pork, meats, cheeses, dairy products, toys, gift items, candles, home and garden accents and the list goes on and on! most of the food items are grown right here on our farm. it doesn't get any fresher than yarnick's!
see our youtube video! released 6-17-2022 
do you want fresh? 
we grow our vegetables in greenhouses right next to our market. we pick the vegetables just when they are ready to be eaten. our tomatoes, cucumbers, green beans, sweet and hot peppers, lettuces, radishes and more are for sale in our market the same day we pick them.
in the summer, our sugar and butter sweet corn is picked within sight of our market and sold at the peak of sweetness. the same is true for our cabbage, field tomatoes, cucumbers and other field vegetables. you can't find fresher produce anywhere else! nothing is fresher.
in the picture at right, dan yarnick checks the progress of some green snap beans in his greenhouses. 

    


click here to enlarge
watch yarnick's farm in  eat'n park tv commercials
fresh & local       salad bar       revised farmsource video 
see our first eat 'n park tv commercial here 
 
       be sure to read the article about yarnick's farm in the national publication "american vegetable grower magazine" from february 2007. not only is there a two-page article that tells all about the farm and farm market, but the yarnick's are also on the cover!
see the cover and article here 




 





we are now closed for the  season.  see you in the spring. thank you! 










yarnicks farm and greenhouses










our best friend, eddie liszewski, passed away january 26, 2012. see more here.

he was a founding member of twin country accordions and eddie & the slovenes! twin country accordions and eddie and the slovenes music can usually be heard on the background music system inside the market and outside on the porch.
events at the farm are now held in the new eddie liszewski pavilion!

 


yarnick's farm market
155 thomas covered bridge road
indiana, pa 15701
call or email for more information 
724-349-3904     email 
we are now closed for the season. see you in the spring. thank you!








return to top of page
copyright © 2025		    yarnick's farm

		    web site built by wilkins services hosted by wizwebsource.com


 















