
















welcome to emdr.com - emdr institute - eye movement desensitization and reprocessing therapy



























































































 











skip to content








now offering live in-person emdr basic training - register today >>












training schedule | faq | find a clinician














					0				











							0						


						sub-total: $0.00 


no products in the cart.

100% secure checkout!












































 
emdr basic training emdr basic training – adult focus emdr basic training – children and adolescents focus emdr institute faculty regional basic training continuing education creditsemdr advanced trainingswhat is emdr therapy? what is emdr? what is emdr therapy (layperson) history of emdr emdr research research overview emdr research foundation francine shapiro library dual attention stimuli efficacy comparison of emdr phobia and panic disorder studies somatoform disorder studies clinical applications theory faq professional statements emdr organizations













 
about the institute about the emdr institute francine shapiro, ph.d.shopsupport center













 
homeemdr basic training emdr basic training – adult focus emdr basic training – children and adolescents focus emdr institute faculty regional basic training continuing education creditsadvanced specialty application workshops schedulewhat is emdr therapy? what is emdr? what is emdr therapy (layperson) history of emdr emdr research research overview emdr research foundation francine shapiro library dual attention stimuli efficacy comparison of emdr phobia and panic disorder studies somatoform disorder studies clinical applications theory faq professional statements emdr organizationsabout the institute about the emdr institute francine shapiro, ph.d.shopfind a cliniciansupport center








 













authentic emdr training: as dr. francine shapiro envisioned






maintaining strict adherence to dr. shapiro’s original vision, the emdr institute is synonymous with rigorous, top-tier emdr training.









emdr basic training for adults





emdr basic training for children and adolescents



 




































								now offering live in-person emdr basic training							



								register today!							




















why choose the emdr institute for emdr training















foundational methodsour emdria approved training is rooted in the original protocols developed by our founder, dr. francine shapiro. while dr. shapiro is no longer with us, her pioneering spirit and groundbreaking methodologies continue to guide our programs.
 













qualityour curriculum is rigorously designed and regularly updated to reflect the ongoing advancements in emdr research and practice, ensuring that you receive education that embodies the highest standards of the field.
 













expert trainersour trainers are esteemed professionals who have mastered dr. shapiro's protocols. they are not only adept in emdr therapy but are also skilled educators, committed to delivering an exceptional learning experience.
 















supportwe are dedicated to providing our trainees with continuous support, offering resources and consultation opportunities to foster proficiency and confidence in the practice of emdr therapy.
 














 
















recognitionthe emdr institute’s training programs are a mark of excellence recognized internationally, distinguishing our trainees as well-versed practitioners in the original emdr techniques.
 

































founded by dr. francine shapiro, the emdr institute® is the premier source for emdr therapy training—a method trusted and verified by extensive research and countless success stories since 1990. our emdria-approved programs offer immersive experiences in authentic emdr techniques, led by our highly skilled faculty.
our faculty is comprised of internationally recognized speakers, published authors, and esteemed members of emdr-focused associations. they are not only experts in their fields but are chosen to teach at the emdr institute for their exceptional ability to deliver dr. shapiro's original, proven protocols with fidelity and engagement. trainees consistently praise our programs, noting the seamless integration of emdr into their professional practice, significantly enhancing and broadening the impact of their therapeutic work.







learn more



















your emdr training roadmap











start with the basics






our emdria-approved basic training is designed for licensed mental health practitioners who treat adults and children in a clinical setting. emdr is a comprehensive psychotherapy that accelerates the treatment of a wide range of pathologies and self-esteem issues related to disturbing events and present life conditions.







 




supervised small group practice on each training day 




physiological overview of the information processing system 




specialized history-taking to identify dysfunctional patterns and causes 




treatment planning to address past events, current triggers and future needs 




stabilization techniques across the attachment spectrum 






this experiential training will familiarize participants with a broad spectrum of emdr therapy applications sufficient for comfortable and efficient use with a wide range patients and situations.







view the basic training schedule






























elevate your practice with emdr therapy






our emdria-approved advanced emdr therapy trainings are specifically crafted for licensed mental health professionals who are looking to deepen their expertise and efficacy in treating complex psychological issues. these programs are perfect for those who have completed basic emdr training and are ready to refine and expand their skills. advanced emdr therapy training is the gateway to specialized techniques that further accelerate healing from severe pathologies and entrenched life patterns.
here's a glimpse into the kind of specialized topics our advanced workshops covers:







 




"emdr therapy for depression" with michael hase: dive into emdr applications that target the complexities of depression, and learn how to revitalize hope in your clients. 




"attachment and dissociation in children and adolescents with emdr" led by debra wesselmann: gain insights into emdr approaches for younger clients dealing with attachment issues and dissociative symptoms. 




utilizing emdr in complex trauma treatment" with roger solomon: develop robust emdr strategies to navigate the multifaceted layers of complex trauma. 






our advanced trainings events are designed to elevate your therapeutic practice, ensuring that your application of emdr is as effective and nuanced as possible.







view the advanced workshop schedule





































changing the memories that form the way we see ourselves also changes the way we view others. therefore, our relationships, job performance, what we are willing to do or are able to resist, all move in a positive direction.






— dr. francine shapiro

















research & development at emdr institute











pushing boundaries






emdr therapy is now accepted as a treatment of choice by numerous mental health departments and trauma organizations.
emdr therapy has a broad base of published case reports and controlled research that supports it as an empirically validated treatment of trauma and other adverse life experiences. the department of defense/department of veterans affairs practice guidelines have placed emdr therapy in the highest category, recommended for all trauma populations at all times. 







 




international treatment guidelines 




meta-analyses 




randomized controlled trauma studies 




non-randomized trauma studies 




adaptive information processing and emdr procedures 




mechanism of action 




randomized studies of hypotheses regarding eye movements 




additional neurobiological evaluations 




combat veteran treatment 







learn more
















































publications & findings






access to latest research papers, articles, and findings from the institute.







 




dual attention stimuli 




phobia and panic disorder studies 




somatoform disorder studies 




clinical applications 







stay updated with emdr research



































getting past your past: take control of your life with self-help techniques from emdr therapy




















eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) therapy-third edition




















handbook of emdr and family therapy processes




















emdr as an integrative psychotherapy approach

























the emdr institute stands as the foundational training organization, deeply rooted in dr. shapiro's original vision, a construct of rigorous research, and a forward-looking hope for healing and personal growth. despite dr. shapiro's passing, her legacy endures through the institute's work. we are committed to harmonizing cutting-edge research and fresh perspectives with unwavering fidelity to her mission. our focus remains steadfast on our core purpose: to serve and facilitate healing in others. 
— april minjarez, facilitator
 
 






























hands down, it is the gold standard. the institute has been a solid institution dedicated to healing the world. other training institutes teach emdr, but no other training institutes have been the forerunners in the healing trauma world.  the emdr institute always exceeds excellence in its training programs and adapts to the nuances we learn about trauma. 
— celia grand, facilitator
 






 






























the emdr institute staff is loyal to the organization that transformed us as clinicians. the institute is unfailingly faithful to emdr, as developed by francine shapiro. this, in my opinion, is a gift. 
— david ogren, facilitator
 
 

















 














stay up to date






sign up to be notified of upcoming news and events







email address

please enter a valid email address.




subscribe!




thanks for subscribing! 
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.






we never spam or sell our lists.  periodically, we send out news and upcoming events.


































get in touch













831-761-1040 














831-761-1204 














emdr institute, inc.
po box 750
watsonville, ca 95077 usa















inst@emdr.com 










facebook





linkedin











quick links






basic training content
training schedule
online store
transfer request
support center









privacy






privacy policy
grievance policy
terms and conditions
shipping

















© 2025 emdr institute, inc. all rights reserved.









 

 























